Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of the 2024 Form 10-K describe the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company’s condensed consolidated financial statements. There have been no material changes to the Company’s critical accounting estimates since the 2024 Form 10-K.
Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
There have been no material changes to the Company’s market risk during the first six months of 2025. For a discussion of the Company’s exposure to market risk, refer to the Company’s market risk disclosures set forth in Part II, Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” of the 2024 Form 10-K.
Item 4.    Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act were effective as of March 29, 2025 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the second quarter of 2025, which were identified in connection with management’s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Apple Inc. | Q2 2025 Form 10-Q | 18
PART II  —  OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.    Legal Proceedings
Digital Markets Act Investigations
On March 25, 2024, the Commission announced that it had opened two formal noncompliance investigations against the Company under the EU Digital Markets Act (the “DMA”). The Commission’s investigations concerned (1) Article 5(4) of the DMA, which relates to how developers may communicate and promote offers to end users for apps distributed through the App Store as well as how developers may conclude contracts with those end users (the “Article 5(4) Investigation”); and (2) Article 6(3) of the DMA, which relates to default settings, uninstallation of apps, and a web browser choice screen on iOS (the “Article 6(3) Investigation”). On June 24,