Court for the Northern District of California (the “California District Court”) against the Company alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws and California’s unfair competition law based upon the Company’s operation of its App Store. The California District Court found that certain provisions of the Company’s App Store Review Guidelines violate California’s unfair competition law and issued an injunction enjoining the Company from prohibiting developers from including in their apps external links that direct customers to purchasing mechanisms other than Apple in-app purchasing. The injunction applies to apps on the U.S. storefront of the iOS and iPadOS App Store. On January 16, 2024, the Company implemented a plan to comply with the injunction and filed a statement of compliance with the California District Court. A motion by Epic disputing the Company’s compliance plan and seeking to enforce the injunction, which the Company has opposed, is pending before the California District Court. On September 30, 2024, the Company filed a motion with the California District Court to narrow or vacate the injunction. The Company believes it has substantial defenses and intends to vigorously defend itself.
Other Legal Proceedings
The Company is subject to other legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. The Company settled certain matters during the fourth quarter of 2024 that did not individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition or operating results. The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Company in a reporting period for amounts above management’s expectations, the Company’s financial condition and operating results for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected.
Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 18
PART II
Item 5.    Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The Company’s common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol AAPL.
Holders
As of October 18, 2024, there were 23,301 shareholders of record.
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
Share repurchase activity during the three months ended September 28, 2024 was as follows (in millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and per-share amounts):
(1)
As of September 28, 2024, the Company was authorized by the Board to purchase up to $110 billion of the Company’s common stock under a share repurchase program announced on May 2, 2024, of which $20.9 billion had been utilized. During the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company also utilized the final $4.1 billion under its previous repurchase program, which was authorized in May 2023. The programs do not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum amount of