including inflation, interest rates and currency fluctuations, have directly and indirectly impacted, and could in the future materially impact, the Company’s results of operations and financial condition.
Apple Inc. | Q2 2025 Form 10-Q | 12
Tariffs and Other Trade Measures
Beginning in the second quarter of 2025, new tariffs were announced on imports to the U.S. (“U.S. Tariffs”), including additional tariffs on imports from China, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam and the European Union (“EU”), among others. In response, several countries have imposed, or threatened to impose, reciprocal tariffs on imports from the U.S. and other retaliatory measures. Various modifications and delays to the U.S. Tariffs have been announced and further changes are expected to be made in the future, which may include additional sector-based tariffs or other measures. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce has initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, into, among other things, imports of semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and their derivative products, including downstream products that contain semiconductors. Tariffs and other measures that are applied to the Company’s products or their components can have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition, including impacting the Company’s supply chain, the availability of rare earths and other raw materials and components, pricing and gross margin. The ultimate impact remains uncertain and will depend on several factors, including whether additional or incremental U.S. Tariffs or other measures are announced or imposed, to what extent other countries implement tariffs or other retaliatory measures in response, and the overall magnitude and duration of these measures. Trade and other international disputes can have an adverse impact on the overall macroeconomic environment and result in shifts and reductions in consumer spending and negative consumer sentiment for the Company’s products and services, all of which can further adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations.
Segment Operating Performance
The following table shows net sales by reportable segment for the three- and six-month periods ended March 29, 2025 and March 30, 2024 (dollars in millions):
Americas
Americas net sales increased during the second quarter and first six months of 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024 due primarily to higher net sales of iPhone and Services. The weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar had an unfavorable year-over-year impact on Americas net sales during the second quarter and first six months of 2025.
Europe
Europe net sales were relatively flat during the second quarter of 2025 compared to the second quarter of 2024. Year-over-year Europe net sales increased during the first six months of 2025 due primarily to higher net sales of Services, Mac