restricted stock units (“RSUs”) were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for 2023 because their effect would have been antidilutive.
Note 4 –
Financial Instruments
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
The following tables show the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities by significant investment category as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (in millions):
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 36
(1)
The valuation techniques used to measure the fair values of the Company’s Level 2 financial instruments, which generally have counterparties with high credit ratings, are based on quoted market prices or model-driven valuations using significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.
(2)
As of September 28, 2024, cash and cash equivalents included $
2.6
billion held in escrow and restricted from general use. These restricted cash and cash equivalents were designated to settle the Company’s obligation related to the State Aid Decision (refer to Note 7, “Income Taxes”).
(3)
As of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, total marketable securities included $
13.2
billion and $
13.8
billion, respectively, held in escrow and restricted from general use. The September 28, 2024 restricted marketable securities were designated to settle the Company’s obligation related to the State Aid Decision (refer to Note 7, “Income Taxes”).
As of September 28, 2024,
86
% of the Company’s non-current marketable debt securities other than mortgage- and asset-backed securities had maturities between 1 and 5 years,
10
% between 5 and 10 years, and
4
% greater than 10 years. As of September 28, 2024,
14
% of the Company’s non-current mortgage- and asset-backed securities had maturities between 1 and 5 years,
9
% between 5 and 10 years, and
77
% greater than 10 years.
The Company’s investments in marketable debt securities have been classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. The Company classifies marketable debt securities as either current or non-current based on each instrument’s underlying maturity.
Derivative Instruments and Hedging
The Company may use derivative instruments to partially offset its business exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risk. However, the Company may choose not to hedge certain exposures for a variety of reasons including accounting considerations or the prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures. There can be no assurance the hedges will offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in foreign exchange or interest rates.
The Company classifies cash flows related to derivative instruments in the same section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as the items being hedged, which are generally classified as operating activities.
Foreign Exchange Rate Risk
To protect gross margins from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the Company may use forwards, options or other instruments, and may