changing laws and regulations can also create uncertainty about how such laws and regulations will be interpreted and applied. These risks and costs may increase as the Company’s products and services are introduced into specialized applications, including health and financial services, or as the Company expands the use of technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence features, and must navigate new legal, regulatory and ethical considerations relating to such technologies. The Company has implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance the Company’s employees, contractors or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or the Company’s policies and procedures. If the Company is found to have violated laws and regulations, it could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 13
Regulatory changes and other actions that materially adversely affect the Company’s business may be announced with little or no advance notice and the Company may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. For example, the Company is subject to changing regulations relating to the export and import of its products. Although the Company has programs, policies and procedures in place that are designed to satisfy regulatory requirements, there can be no assurance that such policies and procedures will be effective in preventing a violation or a claim of a violation. As a result, the Company’s products could be banned, delayed or prohibited from importation, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
Expectations relating to environmental, social and governance considerations and related reporting obligations expose the Company to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm, and other adverse effects on the Company’s business.
Many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance considerations relating to businesses, including climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, human and civil rights, and diversity, equity and inclusion. In addition, the Company makes statements about its goals and initiatives through its various non-financial reports, information provided on its website, press statements and other communications. Responding to these environmental, social and governance considerations and implementation of the Company’s announced goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, requires investments, and depends in part on third-party performance or data that is outside the Company’s control. The Company cannot guarantee that it will achieve its announced environmental, social and governance goals and initiatives. In addition, some