based on quoted market prices or model-driven valuations using significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.
(2)
As of September 28, 2024, cash and cash equivalents included $
2.6
billion held in escrow and restricted from general use. These restricted cash and cash equivalents were designated to settle the Company’s obligation related to the 2016 European Commission (the “Commission”) decision that Ireland granted state aid to the Company (the “State Aid Decision”), which was confirmed during the fourth quarter of 2024 by the European Court of Justice in a reversal of the 2020 judgment of the European General Court.
(3)
As of September 28, 2024, current marketable securities included $
13.2
billion held in escrow and restricted from general use. These restricted marketable securities were designated to settle the Company’s obligation related to the State Aid Decision.
As of March 29, 2025,
83
% of the Company’s non-current marketable debt securities other than mortgage- and asset-backed securities had maturities between 1 and 5 years,
13
% between 5 and 10 years, and
4
% greater than 10 years. As of March 29, 2025,
13
% of the Company’s non-current mortgage- and asset-backed securities had maturities between 1 and 5 years,
10
% between 5 and 10 years, and
77
% greater than 10 years.
Derivative Instruments and Hedging
The Company may use derivative instruments to partially offset its business exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risk. However, the Company may choose not to hedge certain exposures for a variety of reasons, including accounting considerations or the prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures. There can be no assurance the hedges will offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in foreign exchange or interest rates.
Foreign Exchange Rate Risk
To protect gross margins from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the Company may use forwards, options or other instruments, and may designate these instruments as cash flow hedges. The Company generally hedges portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with revenue and inventory purchases, typically for up to
12
months.
To protect the Company’s foreign currency–denominated term debt or marketable securities from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the Company may use forwards, cross-currency swaps or other instruments. The Company designates these instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges. As of March 29, 2025, the maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for term debt–related foreign currency transactions is
17
years.
The Company may also use derivative instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges to protect gross margins from certain fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, as well as to offset a portion of the foreign currency gains and losses generated by the remeasurement of certain