issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions.
Political events, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, conflict, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions can have a material adverse effect on the Company and its customers, employees, suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners.
The Company has a large, global business with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the Company’s total net sales, and the Company believes that it generally benefits from growth in international trade. A significant majority of the Company’s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam, in addition to sourcing from partners and facilities located in the U.S. Restrictions on international trade, such as tariffs and other controls on imports or exports of goods, technology or data, can materially adversely affect the Company’s business and supply chain. The impact can be particularly significant if these restrictive measures apply to countries and regions where the Company derives a significant portion of its revenues and/or has significant supply chain operations. Restrictive measures can increase the cost of the Company’s products and the components and rare earths and other raw materials that go into them or affect the availability of such components and rare earths and other raw materials, and can require the Company to take various actions, including changing suppliers, restructuring business relationships and operations, ceasing to offer and distribute affected products, services and third-party applications to its customers, and increasing the prices of its products and services. Changing the Company’s business and supply chain in accordance with new or changed restrictions on international trade can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to the Company’s business and results of operations. Trade and other international disputes can also have an adverse impact on the overall macroeconomic environment and result in shifts and reductions in consumer spending and negative consumer sentiment for the Company’s products and services, all of which can further adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations. Such restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice, which can create uncertainty, and the Company may not be able to effectively mitigate any or all adverse impacts from such measures. Beginning in the second quarter of 2025, new U.S. Tariffs were announced, including additional tariffs on imports from China, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam and the EU, among others. In response, several countries have imposed, or threatened to impose, reciprocal tariffs on imports from the U.S. and other retaliatory measures. Various