of changes in unrecognized tax benefits, tax benefits from share-based compensation, the impact of foreign currency loss regulations issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury in December 2024, and the tax impact from foreign currency revaluations related to the State Aid Decision.
The Company’s effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2025 was lower compared to the second quarter of 2024 due primarily to the impact of changes in unrecognized tax benefits, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate on foreign earnings. The Company’s effective tax rate for the first six months of 2025 was lower compared to the same period in 2024 due primarily to the impact of changes in unrecognized tax benefits, the impact of foreign currency loss regulations issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury in December 2024, and the tax impact from foreign currency revaluations related to the State Aid Decision, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate on foreign earnings.
Apple Inc. | Q2 2025 Form 10-Q | 16
Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Company believes its balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements and capital return program over the next 12 months and beyond.
The Company’s contractual cash requirements have not changed materially since the 2024 Form 10-K, except for manufacturing purchase obligations and the State Aid Decision tax payable.
Manufacturing Purchase Obligations
The Company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture subassemblies for the Company’s products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished products. The Company also obtains individual components for its products from a wide variety of individual suppliers. As of March 29, 2025, the Company had manufacturing purchase obligations of $38.4 billion, which were payable within 12 months.
State Aid Decision Tax Payable
During the first six months of 2025, the Company released from escrow €14.2 billion or $15.4 billion to Ireland in connection with the State Aid Decision, which fully settled the obligation.
Capital Return Program
In addition to its contractual cash requirements, the Company has an authorized share repurchase program, under which the remaining availability was $40.8 billion as of March 29, 2025. On May 1, 2025, the Company announced the Board of Directors had authorized an additional program to repurchase up to $100 billion of the Company’s common stock. The programs do not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum amount of shares.
On May 1, 2025, the Company also announced the Board of Directors raised the Company’s quarterly cash dividend from $0.25 to $0.26 per share, beginning with the dividend to be paid during the third quarter of 2025. The Company intends to increase its dividend on an annual basis, subject to declaration by the Board of Directors.
During the second quarter of