Further, the Company generates a significant portion of its net sales from a single product and a decline in demand for that product could significantly impact quarterly net sales. The Company could also be subject to unexpected developments, such as lower-than-anticipated demand for the Company’s products or services, issues with new product or service introductions, information technology system failures or network disruptions, or a change in or failure of one or more of the Company’s logistics, supply or manufacturing partners.
Varied stakeholder expectations about social and other issues expose the Company to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm, and other adverse effects on the Company’s business.
Various stakeholders, including governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and others, have differing expectations about a wide range of social and other issues related to the Company’s business. The Company makes statements about its values, including the environmental and societal impact of its business, through various non-financial reports, information provided on the Company’s website, and in press statements and other communications. The Company also pursues environmental and other goals and initiatives that involve risks and uncertainties, require investments, and depend in part on third-party performance or data that is outside the Company’s control, and there can be no assurance that the Company will fully achieve all of its goals and initiatives. Efforts by the Company to advance its business and values, or achieve its goals and further its initiatives, or to align with stakeholders’ expectations, or comply with evolving, varied and at times conflicting federal, state and international laws, regulations and standards, or any failure or perceived failure to do so, can result in adverse reactions by consumers and other stakeholders, including the commencement of legal and regulatory proceedings against the Company, and can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Apple Inc. | Q2 2025 Form 10-Q | 21
Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
Share repurchase activity during the three months ended March 29, 2025 was as follows (in millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and per-share amounts):
(1)
As of March 29, 2025, the Company was authorized by the Board of Directors to purchase up to $110 billion of the Company’s common stock under a share repurchase program announced on May 2, 2024, of which $69.2 billion had been utilized. On May 1, 2025, the Company announced the Board of Directors had authorized an additional program to repurchase up to $100 billion of the Company’s common stock. The programs do not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. Under the programs, shares may be