requirements.
Substantially all of the Company’s hardware products are manufactured by outsourcing partners that are located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam.
Note 13 –
Segment Information and Geographic Data
The Company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. The Company’s reportable segments consist of the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific. Americas includes both North and South America. Europe includes European countries, as well as India, the Middle East and Africa. Greater China includes China mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan. Rest of Asia Pacific includes Australia and those Asian countries not included in the Company’s other reportable segments. Although the reportable segments provide similar hardware and software products and similar services, each one is managed separately to better align with the location of the Company’s customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region.
The Company evaluates the performance of its reportable segments based on net sales and operating income. Net sales for geographic segments are generally based on the location of customers and sales through the Company’s retail stores located in those geographic locations. Operating income for each segment consists of net sales to third parties, related cost of sales, and operating expenses directly attributable to the segment. The information provided to the Company’s chief operating decision maker for purposes of making decisions and assessing segment performance excludes asset information.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 46
The following table shows information by reportable segment for 2024, 2023 and 2022 (in millions):
A reconciliation of the Company’s segment operating income to the Consolidated Statements of Operations for 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows (in millions):
(1)
Includes general and administrative compensation costs, various nonrecurring charges, and other separately managed costs.
The following tables show net sales for 2024, 2023 and 2022 and long-lived assets as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 for countries that individually accounted for 10% or more of the respective totals, as well as aggregate amounts for the remaining countries (in millions):
(1)
China includes Hong Kong and Taiwan.
Apple Inc. | 2024 Form 10-K | 47
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Apple Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Apple Inc. (the “Company”) as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present