modifications and delays to the U.S. Tariffs have been announced and further changes are expected to be made in the future, which may include additional sector-based tariffs or other measures. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce has initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, into, among other things, imports of semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and their derivative products, including downstream products that contain semiconductors. The ultimate impact remains uncertain and will depend on several factors, including whether additional or incremental U.S. Tariffs or other measures are announced or imposed, to what extent other countries implement tariffs or other retaliatory measures in response, and the overall magnitude and duration of these measures. If disputes and conflicts further escalate, actions by governments in response could be significantly more severe and restrictive. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
Many of the Company’s operations and facilities, as well as critical business operations of the Company’s suppliers and contract manufacturers, are in locations that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters. Global climate change is resulting in certain types of natural disasters and extreme weather occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. In addition, the Company’s and its suppliers’ operations and facilities are subject to the risk of interruption by fire, power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents and other industrial accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, ransomware and other cybersecurity attacks, labor disputes, public health issues and other events beyond the Company’s control. For example, global supply chains can be highly concentrated and geopolitical tensions or conflict could result in significant disruptions.
Such events can make it difficult or impossible for the Company to manufacture and deliver products to its customers, create delays and inefficiencies in the Company’s supply and manufacturing chain, result in slowdowns and outages to the Company’s service offerings, increase the Company’s costs, and negatively impact consumer spending and demand in affected areas.
Apple Inc. | Q2 2025 Form 10-Q | 20
The Company’s operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers. While the Company’s suppliers are required to maintain safe working environments and operations, an industrial accident could occur and could result in serious injuries or loss of life, disruption to the Company’s business, and harm to the Company’s reputation. Major public health issues, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely affected, and could in the future materially adversely affect, the Company due to their impact on the global economy and