in support of opportunities in immunology, neuroscience, oncology, aesthetics and eye care as well as continued investment in key on-market products; (iv) generating substantial operating cash flows to support investment in innovative research and development, and return cash to shareholders via a strong and growing dividend while also continuing to repay debt. In addition, AbbVie anticipates several regulatory submissions and data readouts from key clinical trials in the next 12 months.
Financial Results
The company’s financial performance for the three months ended March 31, 2025 included delivering worldwide net revenues of $13.3 billion, operating earnings of $3.7 billion, diluted earnings per share of $0.72 and cash flows from operations of $1.6 billion. Worldwide net revenues increased 8% on a reported basis and 10% on a constant currency basis.
Financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2025 also included the following costs: (i) $1.9 billion related to the amortization of intangible assets; and (ii) $1.5 billion for the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities. Additionally, financial results reflected continued funding to support all stages of AbbVie’s pipeline assets and continued investment in AbbVie’s on-market brands.
Recent Events
AbbVie’s business may be impacted by risks associated with global macroeconomic conditions, including international trade disruptions and disputes as well as trade protection measures. For example, the U.S. government has recently imposed broad based tariffs targeting specified countries. While the impact of these tariffs on AbbVie’s operations to date has not been material, the U.S. government may in the future pause, reimpose or increase tariffs and foreign governments have and, in the future, may impose retaliatory trade protection measures. Any new or additional tariffs, particularly those targeting the pharmaceuticals industry, may increase uncertainties and associated risks and could adversely impact AbbVie’s business and results of operations.
Research and Development
Research and innovation are the cornerstones of AbbVie’s business as a global biopharmaceutical company. AbbVie’s long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies.
AbbVie’s pipeline currently includes approximately 90 compounds, devices or indications in development individually or under collaboration or license agreements. Of these programs, approximately 50 are in mid- and late-stage development. The company’s pipeline is focused on such important specialties as immunology, neuroscience, oncology, aesthetics and eye care. AbbVie’s recently announced partnership with Gubra marks the company’s entrance into the obesity field, a therapeutic area with significant unmet need.
The following sections summarize transitions of