defendants’ proposed generic upadacitinib products infringe certain patents and seeks declaratory and injunctive relief.
AbbVie Inc. is seeking to enforce patent rights related to ubrogepant (a drug sold under the trademark Ubrelvy). Litigation was filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey in March 2024 against Aurobindo Pharma U.S.A., Inc., Aurobindo Pharma Limited, and Apitoria Pharma Private Limited; Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc. and Zydus Lifesciences Limited; MSN Pharmaceuticals Inc., MSN Laboratories Private Limited, and MSN Life Sciences Private Limited; and Hetero USA Inc., Hetero Labs Limited Unit-III, and Hetero Labs Limited. AbbVie alleges defendants’ proposed generic ubrogepant products infringe certain patents and seeks declaratory and injunctive relief. Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, which exclusively licenses certain patents to AbbVie, is a co-plaintiff in the litigation.
Note 13
Segment Information
AbbVie operates as a single global business segment dedicated to the research and development, manufacturing, commercialization and sale of innovative medicines and therapies. This operating structure enables the Chief Executive Officer, as chief operating decision maker (CODM), to allocate resources and assess business performance on a global basis in order to achieve established long-term strategic goals. Consistent with this structure, a global research and development and supply chain organization is responsible for the discovery, manufacturing and supply of products. Commercial efforts that coordinate the marketing, sales and distribution of these products are organized by geographic region or therapeutic area. All of these activities are supported by a global corporate administrative staff. The determination of a single business segment is consistent with the consolidated financial information regularly reviewed by the CODM for purposes of assessing performance, allocating resources and planning and forecasting future periods.
The CODM regularly reviews net revenues, net earnings and significant segment expenses and uses net earnings as its principal measure of segment profit or loss. Net earnings and significant segment expenses reviewed by CODM are reported on the condensed consolidated statements of earnings for the periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. The CODM uses net earnings as its principal measure of segment profit or loss to compare past financial performance with current performance and analyze underlying business performance and trends. The CODM does not use segment assets to make decisions regarding resources; therefore, the total asset disclosure has not been included.
The following table details AbbVie’s worldwide net revenues:
See the following for additional information about certain income and expenses included in net earnings: intangible assets amortization expense (Note 6), change in fair value of contingent consideration (Note 8), interest income and expense (Note 2), depreciation