Humira’s list price is excessive in violation of multiple states’ unfair and deceptive trade practices statutes. The plaintiff generally seeks monetary damages, injunctive relief, and attorneys’ fees.
In 2018, a qui tam lawsuit, U.S. ex rel. Silbersher v. Allergan Inc., et al., was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against several Allergan entities and others, alleging that their conduct before the U.S. Patent Office resulted in false claims for payment being made to federal and state healthcare payors for Namenda XR and Namzaric. The plaintiff-relator sought damages and attorneys' fees under the federal False Claims Act and state law analogues. The federal government and state governments declined to intervene in the lawsuit. In March 2023, the court granted Allergan’s motion to dismiss, dismissing plaintiff-relator’s federal law claims with prejudice and state law claims without prejudice. In January 2025, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed that dismissal.
Lawsuits are pending against various Allergan entities in the United States and other countries including Brazil, Canada, South Korea, and the Netherlands, in which plaintiffs generally allege that they developed, or may develop, breast implant-associated anaplastic large cell lymphoma (ALCL) or other injuries from Allergan’s Biocell® textured breast implants, which were voluntarily withdrawn from worldwide markets in 2019. Approximately
145
ALCL lawsuits and
1,260
other lawsuits are coordinated for pre-trial purposes in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey under the MDL rules as In re: Allergan Biocell Textured Breast Implant
Product Liability Litigation, MDL No. 2921. Approximately
75
ALCL lawsuits and
475
other lawsuits are pending in various state courts. Approximately
60
ALCL and
1,000
other lawsuits are pending in other countries. Plaintiffs generally seek monetary damages, medical monitoring, and attorneys’ fees.
In January 2025, a putative class action lawsuit, Sheet Metal Workers’ Health Plan of Southern California, Arizona, and Nevada v. AbbVie Inc., was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois on behalf of third-party payors of Humira, alleging that AbbVie’s rebating practices are impairing biosimilar competition with Humira in violation of federal and state antitrust laws. The plaintiff generally seeks monetary damages, injunctive relief and attorneys' fees.
Intellectual Property Litigation
AbbVie Inc. is seeking to enforce patent rights relating to upadacitinib (a drug sold under the trademark Rinvoq). Litigation was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware in November 2023 against Hetero USA, Inc., Hetero Labs Limited, Hetero Labs Limited Unit-V, Aurobindo Pharma USA, Inc., Aurobindo Pharma Ltd., Sandoz, Inc., Sandoz Private Limited, Sandoz GMBH, and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd. AbbVie alleges