payment plans and obtains positive confirmation of the validity of the receivables. AbbVie establishes an allowance for credit losses equal to the estimate of future losses over the contractual life of outstanding accounts receivable. AbbVie may also utilize factoring arrangements to mitigate credit risk, although the receivables included in such arrangements have historically not been a significant amount of total outstanding receivables.
Credit Facility, Access to Capital and Credit Ratings
Credit Facility
In January 2025, AbbVie entered into a new $3.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility that matures in January 2030 which is in addition to the existing $5.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility that matures in March 2028. The revolving credit facilities are available to support AbbVie’s commercial paper program and enable the company to borrow funds to meet liquidity requirements on an unsecured basis at variable interest rates and contain various covenants. At March 31, 2025, the company was in compliance with all covenants, and commitment fees under the credit facility were insignificant. No amounts were outstanding under the company's credit facility as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Subsequent to March 31, 2025, the company entered into a $4.0 billion 364-day term loan credit agreement. No amounts were borrowed under the term loan credit agreement as of the date of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
In December 2023, in connection with the acquisitions of ImmunoGen and Cerevel Therapeutics, AbbVie entered into a $9.0 billion 364-day bridge credit agreement and $5.0 billion 364-day term loan credit agreement. In February 2024, AbbVie borrowed and repaid $5.0 billion under the term loan credit agreement. Subsequent to the $15.0 billion issuance of senior notes, AbbVie terminated both the bridge and term loan credit agreements in the first quarter of 2024.
Access to Capital
The company intends to fund short-term and long-term financial obligations as they mature through cash on hand, future cash flows from operations or has the ability to issue additional debt. The company’s ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for the company’s products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers, deterioration in the company’s key financial ratios or credit ratings or other material unfavorable changes in business conditions. At the current time, the company believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms to support the company’s growth objectives.
Credit Ratings
There were no changes in the company’s credit ratings during the three months ended March 31, 2025. Unfavorable changes to the ratings may have an adverse impact on future financing arrangements; however,