associated with products that have not yet received regulatory approval. The company performs its annual impairment assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets in the third quarter, or earlier if impairment indicators exist.
Note 7
Restructuring Plans
AbbVie continuously evaluates its operations to identify opportunities to optimize its manufacturing and R&D operations, commercial infrastructure and administrative costs and to respond to changes in its business environment. As a result, AbbVie management periodically approves individual restructuring plans to achieve these objectives. As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, no such plans were individually significant. Restructuring charges were $
17
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and $
15
million for the three months ended March 31, 2024. These charges are recorded in cost of products sold, R&D expense and SG&A expense in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings based on the classification of the affected employees or the related operations.
The following table summarizes the cash activity in the restructuring reserve for the three months ended March 31, 2025:
Note 8
Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measures
Risk Management Policy
See Note 11 to the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 for a summary of AbbVie’s risk management policy and use of derivative instruments.
Financial Instruments
Various AbbVie foreign subsidiaries enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage exposures to changes in foreign exchange rates for anticipated intercompany transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the local entity. These contracts, with notional amounts totaling $
1.7
billion at March 31, 2025 and $
1.9
billion at December 31, 2024, are designated as cash flow hedges and are recorded at fair value. The durations of these forward exchange contracts were generally less than
18
months. Accumulated gains and losses as of March 31, 2025 are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) and included in cost of products sold at the time the products are sold, generally not exceeding
six months
from the date of settlement.
The company also enters into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage its exposure to foreign currency denominated trade payables and receivables and intercompany loans. These contracts are not designated as hedges and are recorded at fair value. Resulting gains or losses are reflected in net foreign exchange loss in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings and are generally offset by losses or gains on the foreign currency exposure being managed. These contracts had notional amounts totaling $
6.6
billion at March 31, 2025 and $
5.9
billion at December 31, 2024.
The company also uses foreign currency forward exchange contracts or foreign currency denominated debt to hedge its net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries and