markets for identical assets that the company has the ability to access;
•
Level 2 – Valuations based on quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-based valuations in which all significant inputs are observable in the market; and
•
Level 3 – Valuations using significant inputs that are unobservable in the market and include the use of judgment by the company’s management about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.
The following table summarizes the bases used to measure certain assets and liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2025:
The following table summarizes the bases used to measure certain assets and liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024:
Money market funds and time deposits are valued using relevant observable market inputs including quoted prices for similar assets and interest rate curves. Equity securities primarily consist of investments for which the fair values were determined by using the published market prices per unit multiplied by the number of units held, without consideration of transaction costs. The derivatives entered into by the company were valued using observable market inputs including published interest rate curves and both forward and spot prices for foreign currencies.
The financing liability is related to financing arrangements which the company elected to account for in accordance with the fair value option, as permitted under ASC 825
Financial Instruments
. The fair value measurement of the financing liability was determined based on significant unobservable inputs. Potential payments are estimated by applying a probability-weighted expected payment model, which are then discounted to present value. Changes to the fair value of the financing liability can result from changes to one or a number of inputs, including discount rates, estimated probabilities and timing of achieving milestones and estimated amounts of future sales. The change in fair value recognized in net earnings is recorded in other expense, net in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings and the change in fair value attributable to instrument-specific credit risk is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss). Changes in fair value recognized in other expense, net and other comprehensive income (loss) for the three months ended March 31, 2025 were insignificant.
The fair value measurements of the contingent consideration liabilities were determined based on significant unobservable inputs, including the discount rate, estimated probabilities and timing of achieving specified development, regulatory and commercial milestones and the estimated amount of future sales of the acquired products. The potential contingent consideration