permits purchases of AbbVie shares from time to time in open-market or private transactions at management's discretion. The program has no time limit and can be discontinued at any time. Shares repurchased under this program are recorded at acquisition cost, including related expenses, and are available for general corporate purposes.
On February 16, 2023, AbbVie’s board of directors authorized a $
5.0
billion increase to the existing stock repurchase authorization. AbbVie repurchased
3
million shares for $
606
million during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and
5
million shares for $
959
million during the three months ended March 31, 2024. AbbVie's remaining stock repurchase authorization was approximately $
2.9
billion as of March 31, 2025.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
The following table summarizes the changes in each component of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, for the three months ended March 31, 2025:
Other comprehensive income for the three months ended March 31, 2025 included foreign currency translation adjustments totaling a gain of $
487
million principally due to the impact of the strengthening of the Euro on the translation of the company’s Euro-denominated assets and the offsetting impact of net investment hedging activities totaling a loss of $
283
million.
The following table summarizes the changes in each component of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, for the three months ended March 31, 2024:
Other comprehensive loss for the three months ended March 31, 2024 included foreign currency translation adjustments totaling a loss of $
396
million principally due to the impact of the weakening of the Euro on the translation of the company’s Euro-denominated assets and the offsetting impact of net investment hedging activities totaling a gain of $
207
million.
The following table presents the impact on AbbVie’s condensed consolidated statements of earnings for significant amounts reclassified out of each component of accumulated other comprehensive loss:
(a) Amounts are included in interest expense, net (see Note 8)
.
(b) Amounts are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (see Note 9).
(c) Amounts are included in cost of products sold (see Note 8).
Note 11
Income Taxes
The effective tax rate was
22
% for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. The effective tax rate in each period differed from the U.S. statutory tax rate of
21
% principally due to the impact of foreign operations which reflects the impact of lower income tax rates in locations outside the United States, changes in fair value of contingent consideration and business development activities.
Note 12
Legal Proceedings and Contingencies
AbbVie is subject to contingencies, such as various claims, legal proceedings and investigations regarding product liability, intellectual property, commercial, securities and other matters that arise in the normal course of business. Loss contingency provisions are