with Gubra A/S. Under the terms of the agreement, AbbVie will receive an exclusive global license to develop and commercialize GUB014295 (ABBV-295), a long-acting amylin analog for the treatment of obesity. AbbVie made an upfront payment of $
350
million which will be recorded in acquired IPR&D and milestones expense in the condensed consolidated statement of earnings in the second quarter of 2025. AbbVie could make additional payments of up to $
1.9
billion upon achievement of certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones and pay tiered royalties.
AbbVie entered into several other individually insignificant collaborations, licensing agreements or other asset acquisitions in which the related upfront payments were recorded in acquired IPR&D and milestones expense.
Note 5
Collaborations
The company has ongoing transactions with other entities through collaboration agreements. The following represent the significant collaboration agreements impacting the periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Collaboration with Janssen Biotech, Inc.
In December 2011, Pharmacyclics, a wholly-owned subsidiary of AbbVie, entered into a worldwide collaboration and license agreement with Janssen Biotech, Inc. and its affiliates (Janssen), one of the Janssen Pharmaceutical companies of Johnson & Johnson, for the joint development and commercialization of Imbruvica, a novel, orally active, selective covalent inhibitor of Bruton’s tyrosine kinase and certain compounds structurally related to Imbruvica, for oncology and other indications, excluding all immune and inflammatory mediated diseases or conditions and all psychiatric or psychological diseases or conditions, in the United States and outside the United States.
The collaboration provides Janssen with an exclusive license to commercialize Imbruvica outside of the United States and co-exclusively with AbbVie in the United States. Both parties are responsible for the development, manufacturing and marketing of any products generated as a result of the collaboration. The collaboration has no set duration or specific expiration date and provides for potential future development, regulatory and approval milestone payments of up to $
200
million to AbbVie. The collaboration also includes a cost sharing arrangement for associated collaboration activities. Except in certain cases, Janssen is responsible for approximately
60
% of collaboration development costs and AbbVie is responsible for the remaining
40
% of collaboration development costs.
In the United States, both parties have co-exclusive rights to commercialize the products; however, AbbVie is the principal in the end-customer product sales. AbbVie and Janssen share pre-tax profits and losses equally from the commercialization of products. Sales of Imbruvica are included in AbbVie's net revenues. Janssen's share of profits is included in AbbVie's cost of products sold. Other costs incurred under the collaboration are reported in their respective expense