accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. As of the acquisition date, AbbVie acquired $
118
million of intangible assets and resulted in the recognition of $
170
million of goodwill. Goodwill was calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of net assets recognized and represents the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized, including expected synergies related to enhancement of AbbVie’s existing immunology discovery capabilities and development efforts. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Other assets acquired and liabilities assumed were insignificant.
Acquisition of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc.
On August 1, 2024, AbbVie completed its acquisition of Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (Cerevel Therapeutics). Cerevel Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of differentiated therapies for neuroscience diseases. Cerevel Therapeutics neuroscience pipeline included multiple clinical-stage and preclinical candidates with the potential to treat several diseases including schizophrenia, Parkinson's disease and mood disorders. The total fair value of the consideration transferred to owners of Cerevel Therapeutics common stock was $
8.7
billion ($
8.3
billion, net of cash acquired). The acquisition of Cerevel Therapeutics was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting and the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed was finalized during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
Acquisition of ImmunoGen, Inc.
On February 12, 2024, AbbVie completed its acquisition of ImmunoGen, Inc. (ImmunoGen). ImmunoGen is a commercial-stage biotechnology company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of antibody-drug conjugates (ADC) for cancer patients. ImmunoGen's oncology portfolio included its flagship cancer therapy Elahere, a first-in-class ADC approved for platinum-resistant ovarian cancer, and a pipeline of promising next-generation ADC's targeting hematologic malignancies and solid tumors. The total fair value of the consideration transferred to owners of ImmunoGen common stock was $
9.8
billion ($
9.2
billion, net of cash acquired). The acquisition of ImmunoGen was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting and the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed was finalized during the three months ended December 31, 2024.
Other Licensing & Acquisitions Activity
Cash outflows related to other acquisitions and investments totaled $
334
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and $
190
million for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
The following table summarizes acquired IPR&D and milestones expense:
Gubra A/S
Subsequent to March 31, 2025, AbbVie completed its previously announced licensing agreement