annual results. Certain other reclassifications were made to conform the prior period interim condensed consolidated financial statements to the current period presentation.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
ASU No. 2024-03
In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2024-03, Income Statement-Reporting Comprehensive Income-Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40
). The standard requires further disaggregation of relevant expense captions in a separate note to the financial statements. The standard is effective for AbbVie starting in annual periods in 2027 and interim periods beginning in 2028, with early adoption permitted. AbbVie is currently assessing the impact of adopting this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.
ASU No. 2023-09
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740)
. The standard requires disaggregation of the effective rate reconciliation into standard categories, enhances disclosure of income taxes paid, and modifies other income tax-related disclosures. The standard is effective for AbbVie starting in annual periods in 2025. AbbVie is currently assessing the impact of adopting this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.
Note 2
Supplemental Financial Information
Interest Expense, Net
Inventories
Property and Equipment, Net
Depreciation expense was $
181
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and $
183
million for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
Note 3
Earnings Per Share
AbbVie grants certain restricted stock units (RSUs) that are considered to be participating securities. Due to the presence of participating securities, AbbVie calculates earnings per share (EPS) using the more dilutive of the treasury stock or the two-class method. For all periods presented, the two-class method was more dilutive.
The following table summarizes the impact of the two-class method:
Certain shares issuable under stock-based compensation plans were excluded from the computation of EPS because the effect would have been antidilutive. The number of common shares excluded was insignificant for all periods presented.
Note 4
Licensing, Acquisitions and Other Arrangements
Acquisition of Nimble Therapeutics, Inc.
On January 23, 2025, AbbVie completed its acquisition of Nimble Therapeutics, Inc. (Nimble). Nimble is a biotechnology company dedicated to delivering on the promise of oral peptide therapeutics and its lead asset, an investigational oral peptide IL23R inhibitor, is in preclinical development for the treatment of psoriasis. The aggregate purchase price of $
288
million was comprised of a $
210
million upfront cash payment and $
78
million for the acquisition date fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, for which AbbVie may owe up to $
130
million in future payments upon achievement of certain development milestones. The transaction was