they would not affect the company’s ability to draw on its credit facility and would not result in an acceleration of scheduled maturities of any of the company’s outstanding debt.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
A summary of the company’s significant accounting policies is included in Note 2, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in AbbVie's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. There have been no significant changes in the company’s application of its critical accounting policies during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Some statements in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q are, or may be considered, forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “project,” and similar expressions and uses of future or conditional verbs, generally identify forward-looking statements. AbbVie cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to challenges to intellectual property, competition from other products, difficulties inherent in the research and development process, adverse litigation or government action, changes to laws and regulations applicable to our industry, the impact of global macroeconomic factors, such as economic downturns or uncertainty, international conflict, trade disputes and tariffs, and other uncertainties and risks associated with global business operations. Additional information about the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect AbbVie’s operations is set forth in Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” in AbbVie’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. AbbVie notes these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie undertakes no obligation, and specifically declines, to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.
ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
For a discussion of the company's market risk, see Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in AbbVie's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.
The Chief Executive Officer, Robert A. Michael, and the Chief Financial Officer, Scott T. Reents, evaluated the effectiveness of AbbVie's disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report, and concluded that AbbVie's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that