and the settlement of that litigation violated state antitrust law. Oregon also brought a claim under the Oregon False Claims Act, which the court dismissed on October 31, 2024.
In March 2025, the court approved the parties’ settlement of this matter.
Government Proceedings
Lawsuits are pending against Allergan and several other manufacturers generally alleging that they improperly promoted and sold prescription opioid products. Approximately
430
lawsuits are pending against Allergan in federal and state courts. Most of the federal court lawsuits are consolidated for pre-trial purposes in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio under the MDL rules as In re: National Prescription Opiate Litigation, MDL No. 2804. Approximately
30
of the lawsuits are pending in various state courts. The plaintiffs in these lawsuits, which include states, counties, cities, other municipal entities, Native American tribes, union trust funds and other third-party payors, private hospitals and personal injury claimants, generally seek compensatory and punitive damages. Of these approximately
430
lawsuits, approximately
25
of them are brought by states, counties, cities, and other municipal entities, approximately
5
of which are in the process of being dismissed pursuant to the previously announced settlement. Another approximately
45
of the approximately
430
lawsuits are in the process of being dismissed pursuant to class settlement between Allergan and a class of acute care hospitals, which received final court approval in March 2025.
In March 2023, AbbVie Inc. filed a petition in the United States Tax Court, AbbVie Inc. and Subsidiaries v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The petition disputes the Internal Revenue Service determination concerning a $
572
million income tax benefit recorded in 2014 related to a payment made to a third party for the termination of a proposed business combination.
Shareholder and Securities Litigation
In October 2018, a federal securities lawsuit, Holwill v. AbbVie Inc., et al., was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against AbbVie, its former chief executive officer and former chief financial officer, alleging that reasons stated for Humira sales growth in financial filings between 2013 and 2018 were misleading because they omitted alleged misconduct in connection with Humira patient and reimbursement support services and other services and items of value that allegedly induced Humira prescriptions. In September 2021, the court granted plaintiffs' motion to certify a class.
Product Liability and General Litigation
In April 2023, a putative class action lawsuit, Camargo v. AbbVie Inc., was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois on behalf of Humira patients who paid for Humira based on its list price or who, after losing insurance coverage, discontinued Humira because they could not pay based on its list price, alleging that