information AbbVie is required to disclose in the reports that it files or submits with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by AbbVie in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to AbbVie's management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Changes in internal control over financial reporting.
There were no changes in AbbVie's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, AbbVie's internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended March 31, 2025.
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls.
AbbVie’s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that AbbVie’s disclosure controls or internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system’s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that
judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls.
The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures.
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Information pertaining to legal proceedings is provided in Note 12 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and is incorporated by reference herein.
ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF