affiliates. The company had an aggregate principal amount of senior Euro notes designated as net investment hedges of €
3.1
billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. In addition, the company had foreign currency forward exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges with notional amounts totaling €
6.5
billion, SEK
1.9
billion, CAD
500
million and CHF
80
million at March 31, 2025 and €
6.2
billion, SEK
1.4
billion, CAD
500
million and CHF
50
million at December 31, 2024. The company uses the spot method of assessing hedge effectiveness for derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges. Realized and unrealized gains and losses from these hedges are included in AOCI and the initial fair value of hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness is recognized in interest expense, net over the life of the hedging instrument.
The company is a party to interest rate swap contracts designated as fair value hedges with notional amounts totaling $
3.5
billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. The effect of the hedge contracts is to change a fixed-rate interest obligation to a floating rate for that portion of the debt. AbbVie records the contracts at fair value and adjusts the carrying amount of the fixed-rate debt by an offsetting amount.
No
amounts are excluded from the assessment of effectiveness for cash flow hedges or fair value hedges.
The following table summarizes the amounts and location of AbbVie’s derivative instruments on the condensed consolidated balance sheets:
While certain derivatives are subject to netting arrangements with the company’s counterparties, the company does not offset derivative assets and liabilities within the condensed consolidated balance sheets.
The following table presents the pre-tax amounts of gains (losses) from derivative instruments recognized in other comprehensive income (loss):
Assuming market rates remain constant through contract maturities, the company expects to reclassify pre-tax gains of $
105
million into cost of products sold for foreign currency cash flow hedges and pre-tax gains of $
21
million into interest expense, net for other cash flow hedges during the next 12 months.
Related to AbbVie’s non-derivative, foreign currency denominated debt designated as net investment hedges, the company recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) pre-tax losses of $
133
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and pre-tax gains of $
157
million for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
The following table summarizes the pre-tax amounts and location of derivative instrument net gains (losses) recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of earnings, including the net gains (losses) reclassified out of AOCI into net earnings. See Note 10 for the amount of net gains (losses) reclassified out of AOCI.
Fair Value Measures
The fair value hierarchy consists of the following three levels:
•
Level 1 – Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active