significant programs from mid-stage development to late-stage development as well as developments in significant late-stage and registration programs. AbbVie expects multiple mid-stage programs to transition into late-stage programs in the next 12 months.
Significant Programs and Developments
Immunology
Rinvoq
•
In April 2025, AbbVie announced that the European Commission (EC) granted marketing authorization to Rinvoq for the treatment of giant cell arteritis (GCA) in adult patients.
•
In April 2025, AbbVie announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Rinvoq for the treatment of GCA in adult patients.
Neuroscience
Qulipta
•
In February 2025, AbbVie initiated a Phase 3 clinical trial to evaluate Qulipta for the preventive treatment of menstrual migraine.
Aesthetics
BoNT/E
•
In April 2025, AbbVie announced that it submitted a Biologics License Application (BLA) to the U.S. FDA for approval of  trenibotulinumtoxinE (BoNT/E) for the treatment of moderate to severe glabellar lines. BoNT/E is a first-in-class botulinum neurotoxin serotype E characterized by a rapid onset of action as early as 8 hours after administration and short duration of effect of 2-3 weeks. If approved, BoNT/E will be the first neurotoxin of its kind available to patients.
Other
Emblaveo
•
In February 2025, AbbVie announced that the U.S. FDA approved Emblaveo (aztreonam and avibactam), as the first fixed-dose, intravenous, monobactam/β-lactamase inhibitor combination antibiotic to treat complicated intra-abdominal infections, including those caused by Gram-negative bacteria.
For a more comprehensive discussion of AbbVie’s products and pipeline, see the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Net Revenues
The comparisons presented at constant currency rates reflect comparative local currency net revenues at the prior year’s foreign exchange rates. This measure provides information on the change in net revenues assuming that foreign currency exchange rates had not changed between the prior and current periods. AbbVie believes that the non-GAAP measure of change in net revenues at constant currency rates, when used in conjunction with the GAAP measure of change in net revenues at actual currency rates, may provide a more complete understanding of the company’s operations and can facilitate analysis of the company’s results of operations, particularly in evaluating performance from one period to another.
The following table details AbbVie’s worldwide net revenues:
n/m – Not meaningful
The following discussion and analysis of AbbVie’s net revenues by product is presented on a constant currency basis.
Net revenues for Skyrizi increased 72% for the three months ended March 31, 2025 primarily driven by continued strong market share uptake as well as market growth across all indications.
Net revenues for Rinvoq increased 60% for the three months ended March 31, 2025 primarily driven by continued strong market