method of delivery, and payment for healthcare products and services. It is not possible to predict the extent to which Abbott or the healthcare industry in general might be adversely affected by these factors in the future. A more complete discussion of these factors is contained in Item 1, Business, and Item 1A, Risk Factors, in the 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 — A Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
Under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Abbott cautions that any forward-looking statements made by Abbott are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and are incorporated herein by reference. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.
25
Table of Contents
PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Item 4.
Controls and Procedures
(a)
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.
The Chief Executive Officer, Robert B. Ford, and Chief Financial Officer, Philip P. Boudreau, evaluated the effectiveness of Abbott Laboratories’ disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report, and concluded that Abbott Laboratories’ disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information Abbott is required to disclose in the reports that it files or submits with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms, and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Abbott in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Abbott’s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
(b)
Changes in internal control over financial reporting.
During the quarter ended March 31, 2025, there were no changes in Abbott’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Abbott’s internal control over financial reporting.
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.
Legal Proceedings
Abbott is involved in various claims, legal proceedings and investigations as described in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the “2024 10-K”), including those described below (as of March 31, 2025, except where