provided about them, and it appealed this jury’s verdict with the Missouri Court of Appeals in December 2024. In a trial held in October 2024 involving Abbott and another infant formula manufacturer and the treating hospital as co-defendants, a jury in a Missouri state court returned a unanimous verdict for Abbott and its co-defendants.
In December 2024, the
plaintiff filed a motion for a new trial. In March 2025, the Missouri state court granted the plaintiff’s motion for a new trial, and Abbott appealed the ruling to the Missouri Court of Appeals. Abbott does not believe that it is probable that a material loss will be incurred related to these lawsuits and therefore,
no
reserves have been recorded. Given the uncertainty as to the possible outcome in each of these lawsuits, Abbott is unable to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss related to these lawsuits.
Abbott is involved in various claims and legal proceedings, and Abbott estimates the range of possible loss for its legal proceedings and environmental exposures to be from approximately $
25
million to $
35
million. The recorded accrual balance at March 31, 2025 for these proceedings and exposures was approximately $
30
million. This accrual represents management’s best estimate of probable loss, as defined by FASB ASC No. 450, “Contingencies.” Within the next year, legal proceedings may occur that may result in a change in the estimated loss accrued by Abbott. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of all such proceedings and exposures with certainty, management believes that their ultimate disposition should not have a material adverse effect on Abbott’s financial position, cash flows, or results of operations, except for the cases discussed in the second paragraph of this note, the resolution of which could be material to Abbott's financial position, cash flows or results of operations.
Note 12 — Post-Employment Benefits
Retirement plans consist of defined benefit, defined contribution, and medical and dental plans. Net periodic benefit costs, other than service costs, are recognized in the Other (income) expense, net line of the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
Net costs recognized for Abbott’s major defined benefit plans and post-employment medical and dental benefit plans are as follows:
17
Table of Contents
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
March 31, 2025
(Unaudited)
Note 12 — Post-Employment Benefits (Continued)
Abbott funds its domestic defined benefit plans according to Internal Revenue Service funding limitations. International pension plans are funded according to similar regulations. In the first three months of 2025 and 2024, $
235
million and $
280
million, respectively, were contributed to defined benefit plans. In the first three months of 2025 and 2024, $
75
million and $
28
million were contributed, respectively, to the post-employment medical and dental plans.
Note 13 — Taxes on