are appropriate.
The Organization for Economic Cooperation & Development (OECD) has proposed a two-pillared plan for a revised international tax system. Pillar 1 proposes to reallocate taxing rights among the jurisdictions in which in-scope multinational corporations operate. Abbott is continuing to analyze the Pillar 1 proposal. Pillar 2 proposes to assess a 15 percent minimum tax on the earnings of in-scope multinational corporations on a country-by-country basis. Numerous countries have enacted legislation to adopt the Pillar 2 model rules. The enactment of current Pillar 2 model rules did not and is not projected to have a material impact to Abbott's consolidated financial statements.
18
Table of Contents
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
March 31, 2025
(Unaudited)
Note 14 — Segment Information
Abbott’s principal business is the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a broad line of healthcare products. Abbott’s products are generally sold directly to retailers, wholesalers, hospitals, healthcare facilities, laboratories, physicians’ offices and government agencies throughout the world.
Abbott’s reportable segments are as follows:
Established Pharmaceutical Products
— International sales of a broad line of branded generic pharmaceutical products.
Nutritional Products
— Worldwide sales of a broad line of adult and pediatric nutritional products.
Diagnostic Products
— Worldwide sales of diagnostic systems and tests for blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories and alternate-care testing sites. For segment reporting purposes, the Core Laboratory Diagnostics, Rapid Diagnostics, Molecular Diagnostics and Point of Care Diagnostics businesses are aggregated and reported as the Diagnostic Products segment.
Medical Devices
— Worldwide sales of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular, structural heart, neuromodulation and diabetes care products. For segment reporting purposes, the Cardiac Rhythm Management, Electrophysiology, Heart Failure, Vascular, Structural Heart, Neuromodulation and Diabetes Care businesses are aggregated and reported as the Medical Devices segment.
Abbott’s underlying accounting records are maintained on a legal entity basis for government and public reporting requirements. Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The chief operating decision maker (CODM) at Abbott is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The CODM primarily considers sales and operating margin to assess the performance of segments and to allocate resources, where segment operating margin profitability includes cost of products sold and operating expenses. The cost of some corporate functions and the cost of certain employee benefits are charged to segments at predetermined rates that approximate cost. Remaining costs, if any, are not allocated to segments. In addition, intangible asset amortization is not allocated to