collected. Contract assets primarily relate to Abbott’s conditional right to consideration for work completed but not billed at the reporting date. Contract assets at the beginning and the end of the period, as well as the changes in the balance, were not significant.
Contract liabilities primarily relate to payments received from customers in advance of performance under the contract. Abbott’s contract liabilities arise primarily in the Medical Devices segment when payment is received upfront for various multi-period extended service arrangements.
Changes in the contract liabilities during the period are as follows:
Note 4 — Supplemental Financial Information
Shares of unvested restricted stock that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends are treated as participating securities and are included in the computation of earnings per share under the two-class method. Under the two-class method, net earnings are allocated between common shares and participating securities. Net earnings allocated to common shares for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were $
1.3
billion and $
1.2
billion, respectively.
Other, net in Net cash from operating activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the first three months of 2025 includes $
235
million of pension contributions and the payment of cash taxes of $
255
million. The first three months of 2024 included $
280
million of pension contributions and the payment of cash taxes of $
225
million.
The following summarizes the activity for the first three months of 2025 related to the allowance for doubtful accounts as of March 31, 2025:
10
Table of Contents
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
March 31, 2025
(Unaudited)
Note 4 — Supplemental Financial Information (Continued)
The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects the current estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the accounts receivable. Abbott considers various factors in establishing, monitoring, and adjusting its allowance for doubtful accounts, including the aging of the accounts and aging trends, the historical level of charge-offs, and specific exposures related to particular customers. Abbott also monitors other risk factors and forward-looking information, such as country risk, when determining credit limits for customers and establishing adequate allowances.
The components of long-term investments are as follows:
The increase in Abbott’s long-term investments as of March 31, 2025 versus the balance as of December 31, 2024 primarily relates to additional investments, partially offset by the impairment of certain securities.
Abbott’s equity securities as of March 31, 2025 include $
301
million of investments in mutual funds that are held in a rabbi trust. These investments, which are specifically designated as available for the purpose of paying benefits under a deferred compensation plan, are not available for general corporate