assets.
Investments
All available-for-sale securities and liquid investments with an original maturity greater than three months but less than one year are considered to be Short-term investments. Non-current investments consist of equity securities in privately-held companies and are accounted for using either the equity or fair value measurement alternative method of accounting (for investments without readily determinable fair values).
Our non-current investments are as follows:
For investments in which we can exercise significant influence but do not control, we use the equity method of accounting. Equity method investments are initially recorded at cost and our proportionate share of gains and losses of the investee are included as a component of Other income (expense), net.
Depreciation and Amortization
As of February 28, 2025 and August 31, 2024, total accumulated depreciation was $
2,780,723
and $
2,713,855
, respectively.
See table below for a summary of depreciation on fixed assets, deferred transition amortization, intangible assets amortization and operating lease cost for the three and six months ended February 28, 2025 and February 29, 2024, respectively.
New Accounting Pronouncements
On November 27, 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2023-07, Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which requires entities to enhance disclosures regarding their segments, including significant segment expenses. The ASU will be effective beginning with our annual fiscal 2025 financial statements and requires a retrospective method upon adoption. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our segment disclosures.
On December 14, 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which requires disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, prescribes standard categories for the components of the effective tax rate reconciliation, and modifies other income tax-related disclosures. The ASU will be effective beginning with our annual fiscal 2026 financial statements and allows for adoption on a prospective basis, with a retrospective option. We are in the process of assessing the impacts and method of adoption. This ASU will impact our income tax disclosures, but not our financial position or results of operations.
On November 4, 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses, which requires entities to disclose specified information about certain expenses in the notes to the financial statements, including employee compensation. The ASU will be effective beginning with our annual fiscal 2028 financial statements. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our disclosures.
2.
Revenues
Disaggregation of Revenue
See Note 12 (Segment Reporting) to these Consolidated Financial Statements for our disaggregated revenues.
Remaining Performance Obligations
We had remaining performance