segments, including significant segment expenses. The ASU will be effective beginning with our annual fiscal 2025 financial statements and requires a retrospective method upon adoption. We are currently evaluating the impact of this standard on our segment disclosures.
On December 14, 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which requires disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, prescribes standard categories for the components of the effective tax rate reconciliation, and modifies other income tax-related disclosures. The ASU will be effective beginning with our annual fiscal 2026 financial statements and allows for adoption on a prospective basis, with a retrospective option. We are in the process of assessing the impacts and method of adoption. This ASU will impact our income tax disclosures, but not our financial position or results of operations.
2.
Revenues
Disaggregation of Revenue
See Note 16 (Segment Reporting) to these Consolidated Financial Statements for our disaggregated revenues.
Remaining Performance Obligations
We had remaining performance obligations of approximately $
30
billion and $
26
billion as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our remaining performance obligations represent the amount of transaction price for which work has not been performed and revenue has not been recognized. The majority of our contracts are terminable by the client on short notice with little or no termination penalties, and some without notice. Under Topic 606, only the non-cancelable portion of these contracts is included in our performance obligations. Additionally, our performance obligations only include variable consideration if we assess it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty is resolved. Based on the terms of our contracts, a significant portion of what we consider contract bookings is not included in our remaining performance obligations. We expect to recognize approximately
66
% of our remaining performance obligations as of August 31, 2024 as revenue in fiscal 2025, an additional
16
% in fiscal 2026, and the balance thereafter.
Contract Estimates
Adjustments in contract estimates related to performance obligations satisfied or partially satisfied in prior periods were immaterial for both fiscal 2024 and 2023.
Contract Balances
Deferred transition revenues were $
641,091
and $
653,954
as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are included in Non-current deferred revenues. Costs related to these activities are also deferred and are expensed as the services are provided. Generally, deferred amounts are protected in the event of early termination of the contract and are monitored regularly for impairment. Impairment losses are recorded when projected remaining undiscounted operating cash flows of the related contract are not sufficient to recover the carrying amount of contract assets. Deferred transition costs