served by our geographic markets affect revenues and operating expenses within our geographic markets to differing degrees. The mix between consulting and managed services is not uniform among our geographic markets. Local currency fluctuations also tend to affect our geographic markets differently, depending on the geographic concentrations and locations of their businesses.
While we provide discussion about our results of operations below, we cannot measure how much of our revenue growth in a particular period is attributable to changes in price or volume. Management does not track standard measures of unit or rate volume. Instead, our measures of volume and price are extremely complex, as each of our services contracts is unique, reflecting a customized mix of specific services that does not fit into standard comparability measurements. Revenue for our services is a function of the nature of each service to be provided, the skills required and the outcome sought, as well as estimated cost, risk, contract terms and other factors.
Results of Operations for Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023
Revenues
Revenues by geographic market, industry group and type of work are as follows:
Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.
(1)
In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market unit will move from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North America will become the Americas market and Growth Markets will become the Asia Pacific market.
(2)
During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we revised the reporting of our geographic markets for the movement of our Middle East and Africa market units from Growth Markets to Europe, and the Europe market became our EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) geographic market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.
Geographic Markets
The following revenues commentary discusses the primary drivers of local currency revenue changes by geographic market for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023:
•
North America revenues increased 2% in local currency, led by growth in Public Service and Industrial, partially offset by declines in Banking & Capital Markets, Communications & Media and Software & Platforms. Revenue growth was driven by the United States.
•
EMEA revenues were flat in local currency, as growth in Public Service was offset by declines in Communications & Media and Banking & Capital Markets. Revenues were driven by an increase in Italy, offset by declines in France and the United Kingdom.
•
Growth Markets revenues increased 7% in local currency, led by growth in Banking & Capital Markets, Industrial and Chemicals & Natural Resources. Revenue growth was driven by Japan and Argentina, partially offset by declines in Australia and Brazil. Argentina revenues grew in local currency due primarily to hyperinflation.
Operating Expenses
Operating expenses for fiscal 2024 decreased $1 million from fiscal 2023, and decreased as a percentage of