Based on its evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of their audit, has issued its attestation report, included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. See “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” on page F-2.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B. Other Information
Trading Arrangements
The table below summarizes the terms of trading arrangements
adopted
or
terminated
by our executive officers or directors during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. All of the trading arrangements listed below are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c).
(1)    Each plan will expire on the earlier of the expiration date or the completion of all transactions under the trading arrangement.
(2)    The actual number of shares sold under each plan will depend on the vesting of certain performance-based equity awards and the number of shares withheld by Accenture to satisfy its income tax withholding obligations, and may vary from the approximate number provided.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
None.
Part III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
There have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors from those described in the proxy statement for our 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders filed with the SEC on December 13, 2023.
Information about our executive officers is contained in the discussion entitled “Information about our Executive Officers” in Part I of this Form 10-K. The remaining information called for by Item 10 will be included in the sections captioned “Appointment of Directors,” “Corporate Governance” and “Beneficial Ownership” included in the definitive proxy statement relating to the 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Accenture plc to be held on February 6, 2025 and is incorporated herein by reference. Accenture plc will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of our 2024 fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
The information called for by Item 11 will be included in the sections captioned “Executive Compensation” and “Director Compensation” included in the definitive proxy statement relating to the 2025 Annual General Meeting of