opportunities for our people to share in the overall success of our company. As our people advance in their careers, they have greater opportunities to be rewarded. Accenture’s equitable rewards go beyond financial rewards and include health and well-being programs that care for our people.
The Way We Do Business
At Accenture, our people care deeply about doing the right thing. Together, we have proven that we can succeed—providing value to our clients and shareholders and opportunities for our people—while being a powerful force for good. Our shared commitment to operating with the highest ethical standard and making a positive difference in everything we do is what we believe differentiates Accenture. We believe in transparency, that transparency builds trust, and that we must earn the trust of our clients, our people, our partners and our communities each and every day.
Our Code of Business Ethics is organized into six fundamental behaviors: Make Your Conduct Count; Comply with Laws; Deliver for Our Clients; Protect People, Information and Our Business; Run Our Business Responsibly; and Be a Good Corporate Citizen. It applies to all our people—regardless of their title or location. With our Code of Business Ethics, we want to help our people make ethical behavior a natural part of what we do every day—with each other, our clients, our partners and our communities.
Accenture’s commitment to and focus on our people and culture has generated significant recognition, including No. 1 on the FTSE (formerly Refinitiv) Diversity and Inclusion Index for the fifth time in seven years; Ethisphere’s World’s Most Ethical Companies for 17 consecutive years; and ranking No. 10 among 25 companies on Great Place To Work
®
World's Best Workplaces™.
Our Health, Safety and Well-Being
We are committed to creating a place where people can be successful both professionally and personally. We take a holistic view of well-being—including physical, mental, emotional and financial well-being—providing specially defined programs and practices to meet our people’s fundamental human needs.
Environmental Sustainability
We help our clients together with our ecosystem partners, to define, measure and achieve their environmental, social and governance goals by connecting sustainability with their transformation agendas across their strategy and operations to make their value chains more sustainable.
We have a strong commitment to environmental sustainability in how we operate our business, and we hold ourselves accountable to clear and measurable objectives. For example, in 2020, we established a 2025 carbon removal goal—previously referred to as our 2025 net-zero emissions goal—and we are on track to achieve this goal.
Our environment goals discussed below span three areas: reducing and removing our carbon emissions, moving toward zero waste and planning for water risk.
Our Goals to Reduce and Remove our Carbon Emissions
Our Actions to Reduce Carbon Emissions
Our approach to