services business, revenues for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 increased 8% in U.S. dollars and 11% in local currency compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2024. Managed services revenue growth in local currency for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 was driven by very strong growth in the Americas and EMEA and strong growth in Asia Pacific. We continue to experience growing demand to assist clients with application modernization and maintenance, cloud enablement and cybersecurity-as-a-service. In addition, clients continue to be focused on transforming their operations through technology, data and AI, and leveraging our digital platforms and talent to drive productivity and operational cost savings.
As we are a global company, our revenues are denominated in multiple currencies and may be significantly affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations. While a significant portion of our revenues are in U.S. dollars, the majority of our revenues are denominated in other currencies, including the Euro, Japanese yen and U.K. pound. There continues to be volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. Unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have had and could in the future have a material effect on our financial results. If the U.S. dollar weakens against other currencies, resulting in favorable currency translation, our revenues, revenue growth and results of operations in U.S. dollars may be higher. If the U.S. dollar strengthens against other currencies, resulting in unfavorable currency translation, our revenues, revenue growth and results of operations in U.S. dollars may be lower. The U.S. dollar strengthened against various currencies during the three and six months ended February 28, 2025 compared to the three and six months ended February 29, 2024, resulting in unfavorable currency translation and U.S. dollar revenue growth that was approximately 3% and 1% lower, respectively, than our revenue growth in local currency. Assuming that exchange rates stay within recent ranges for the remainder of fiscal 2025, we estimate that our full fiscal 2025 revenue growth in U.S. dollars will be approximately 0.5% lower than our revenue growth in local currency.
People Metrics
Utilization for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 was 91%, compared to 92% in the second quarter of fiscal 2024. We hire to meet current and projected future demand. We proactively plan and manage the size and composition of our workforce and take actions as needed to address changes in the anticipated demand for our services and solutions, given that compensation costs are the most significant portion of our operating expenses. Our workforce, the majority of which serves our clients, increased to approximately 801,000 as of February 28, 2025, compared to approximately 742,000 as of February 29, 2024. The year-over-year increase in our workforce reflects hiring for the skills needed to support demand for our services and solutions, as well as people added in