the system is transferred continuously to the client. Contracts for technology integration consulting services generally span
six months
to
two years
. Generally, revenue, including estimated fees, is recognized using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligations. Incurred cost represents work performed, which corresponds with, and thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the client.
Non-Technology Integration Consulting Services
Our contracts for non-technology integration consulting services are typically less than
one year
in duration. Revenues are generally recognized over time as our clients benefit from the services as they are performed, or the contract, for which the related services lack an alternative use, includes termination provisions enabling payment for performance completed to date. When contractual billings represent an amount that corresponds directly with the value provided to the client (e.g., time-and-materials contracts), revenues are recognized as amounts become billable in accordance with contract terms. Revenues from fixed-price contracts are generally recognized using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligations. Incurred cost represents work performed, which corresponds with, and thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the client. For non-technology integration consulting contracts which do not qualify to recognize revenue over time, we recognize revenues at a point in time when the client obtains control of the promised good or service.
Contract Estimates
Estimates of total contract revenues and costs are continuously monitored over the lives of our contracts, and recorded revenues and cost estimates are subject to revision as the contract progresses. If at any time the estimate of contract profitability indicates an anticipated loss on a technology integration consulting contract, we recognize the loss in the quarter it first becomes probable and reasonably estimable.
Contract Balances
The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in Receivables, Contract assets, and Deferred revenues (Contract liabilities) on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Amounts are billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms, either at periodic intervals (e.g., monthly or quarterly) or upon achievement of contractual milestones. In limited circumstances, we agree to extend financing to certain clients. The terms vary by contract, but generally payment for services is contractually linked to the achievement of specified performance milestones. When the period between payment and transfer of goods or services is one year or less, we do not assess the existence of, and therefore, do not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component. Our