we design, build and deploy AI and handle non-personal data for ourselves and our clients or limit our ability to incorporate certain AI capabilities into our offerings.
While we aim to develop and use AI responsibly and attempt to identify and mitigate ethical and legal issues presented by its use, we may be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. Any failure to address concerns relating to the responsible use of AI technology in our services and solutions may cause harm to our reputation or financial liability and, as such, may increase our costs to address or mitigate such risks and issues.
If we are unable to match people and their skills with client demand around the world and attract and retain professionals with strong leadership skills, our business, the utilization rate of our professionals and our results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
Our success is dependent, in large part, on our ability to keep our people with market-leading skills and capabilities in balance with client demand around the world and our ability to attract and retain people with the knowledge and skills to lead our business globally. We must hire or reskill, retain and inspire appropriate numbers of talented people with diverse skills, backgrounds, perspectives, and lived experiences in order to serve clients across the globe, respond quickly to rapid and ongoing changes in demand, technology, industry and the macroeconomic environment, and continuously innovate to grow our business. For example, if we are unable to hire or retrain our employees to keep pace with the rapid and continuous changes in technology and the industries we serve, we may not be able to innovate and deliver new services and solutions to fulfill client demand. There is competition for scarce talent with market-leading skills and capabilities in new technologies, and our people have been directly targeted because of their highly sought-after skills and this will likely continue.
There is a risk that at certain points in time, as a result of technological developments or changes in demand, we may have more people than we need in certain skill sets or geographies or at compensation levels that are not aligned with skill sets. In these situations, we have engaged, and may in the future engage, in actions to rebalance our workforce, including reducing the rate of new hires and increasing involuntary terminations as a means to keep our supply of people and skills in balance with client demand. In some countries we are required by local law to consult with employee representative bodies such as works councils, which may constrain our operational flexibility and efficiency in balancing our workforce with client demand and make us less competitive. In addition, while an immaterial percentage of our global workforce is currently unionized, the unionization of significant employee populations could result in higher costs and other operational impediments.
At