delays.
Risks and uncertainties related to the development and use of AI could harm our business, damage our reputation or give rise to legal or regulatory action.
We are increasingly applying AI-based technologies, including generative AI, to our services and solutions, to how we deliver work to our clients, and to our own internal operations. In addition, we are creating new offerings to implement AI solutions for clients. We have made significant investments in AI and are continuing to incur significant development and operational costs to develop and deploy our AI services and solutions for ourselves and for our clients. If we fail to continue to develop leading AI services and solutions, including generative AI, we may lose our leadership position in this area and fail to realize the anticipated benefits of our investments in AI.
AI technologies are complex and rapidly evolving, and we face significant competition, including from our own clients, who may develop their own internal AI-related capabilities, which can lead to reduced demand for our services or solutions. As these technologies evolve, some services and tasks currently performed by our people will be replaced by automation, including AI-enabled solutions, which will lead to reduced demand for our services and/or adversely affect the utilization rate of our professionals, if demand for those services is not replaced by demand for new services. Leveraging AI capabilities for our internal functions and operations presents additional risks, costs, and challenges, including those discussed in these risk factors.
The development, adoption, and use of AI technologies is still in the early stages and involve significant risks and uncertainties, which may expose us to legal, reputational and financial harm. AI algorithms and training methodologies may be flawed and datasets may be overbroad, insufficient, or contain biased information. Moreover, the use of AI may give rise to risks related to harmful content, accuracy, bias, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, defamation, data privacy, cybersecurity and health and safety, among others, and also bring the possibility of new or enhanced governmental
or regulatory scrutiny, litigation or other legal liability, or ethical concerns that could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results.
Evolving rules, regulations, and industry standards governing AI may require us to incur significant costs to modify, maintain, or align our business practices, services and solutions to comply with US and non-US rules and regulations, the nature of which cannot be determined at this time and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Several jurisdictions where we operate are considering or have proposed or enacted legislation and policies regulating AI and non-personal data, such as the European Union’s AI Act and the U.S.’s Executive Order on AI. These regulations may impose significant requirements on how