Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Share Purchases and Redemptions.”
(1)
Average price paid per share reflects the total cash outlay for the period, divided by the number of shares acquired, including those acquired by purchase or redemption for cash and any acquired by means of employee forfeiture.
(2)
Since August 2001, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc has authorized and periodically confirmed a publicly announced open-market share purchase program for acquiring Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we purchased 2,000,308 Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares under this program for an aggregate price of $605 million. The open-market purchase program does not have an expiration date.
(3)
As of August 31, 2024, our aggregate available authorization for share purchases and redemptions was $2,694 million, which management has the discretion to use for either our publicly announced open-market share purchase program or our other share purchase programs. Since August 2001 and as of August 31, 2024, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc has authorized an aggregate of $50.1 billion for share purchases and redemptions by Accenture plc and Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. On September 25, 2024, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc approved $4,000 million in additional share repurchase authority, bringing Accenture’s total outstanding authority to $6,694 million.
(4)
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, Accenture purchased 72,255 Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares in transactions unrelated to publicly announced share plans or programs. These transactions consisted of acquisitions of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares primarily via share withholding for payroll tax obligations due from employees and former employees in connection with the delivery of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares under our various employee equity share plans. These purchases of shares in connection with employee share plans do not affect our aggregate available authorization for our publicly announced open-market share purchase and our other share purchase programs.
Item 6. [Reserved]
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis also contains forward-looking statements and should also be read in conjunction with the disclosures and information contained in “Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
We use the terms “Accenture,” “we,” “our” and “us” in this report to refer to Accenture plc and its subsidiaries. All references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to our fiscal year, which ends on August 31. For example, a reference to “fiscal 2024” means the 12-month period that ended on