costs are incurred in the same currency as the related revenues. Where practical, we seek to manage foreign currency exposure for costs not incurred in the same currency as the related revenues, such as the costs associated with our global delivery model, by using currency protection provisions in our customer contracts and through our hedging programs. We seek to manage our costs, taking into consideration the residual positive and negative effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on those costs. For more information on our hedging programs, see Foreign Currency Risk under Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” and Note 9 (Financial Instruments) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
Results of Operations for Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 includes a discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended August 31, 2022 in Item 7 of Part II, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, available cash reserves, debt capacity available under variou
s credit facilities and other borrowings. We could raise additional funds through other public or private debt or equity financings. We may use our available or additional funds to, among other things:
•
facilitate purchases, redemptions and exchanges of shares and pay dividends;
•
acquire complementary businesses or technologies;
•
take advantage of opportunities, including more rapid expansion;
•
develop new services and solutions; or
•
repay outstanding borrowings and other debt.
See Note 10 (Borrowings and Indebtedness) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for further information regarding our outstanding borrowings and other debt.
As of August 31, 2024, Cash and cash equivalents were $5.0 billion, compared with $9.0 billion as of
August 31, 2023.
Cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in our Consolidated Cash Flows Statements, are summarized in the following table:
Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.
Operating activities:
The $393 million decrease in operating cash flows was primarily due to changes in operating assets and liabilities, including receivables from clients and contract assets, partially offset by higher net income.
Investing activities:
The $4,439 million increase in cash used was primarily due to higher spending on business acquisitions. For additional information, see Note 6 (Business Combinations and Dispositions) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
Financing activities:
The $418 million increase in cash used was due to higher cash dividends paid and net