New Zealand received Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares in connection with our transition to a corporate structure. Holders of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares may exchange their shares for Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares at any time on a
one
-for-one basis. We may, at our option, satisfy this exchange with cash at a price per share generally equal to the market price of an Accenture plc Class A ordinary share at the time of the exchange. Each exchangeable share of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. entitles its holder to receive distributions equal to any distributions to which an Accenture plc Class A ordinary share entitles its holder.
Share Purchases and Redemptions
The Board of Directors of Accenture plc has authorized funding for our publicly announced open-market share purchase program for acquiring Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares and for purchases and redemptions of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares and Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares held by current and former members of Accenture Leadership and their permitted transferees. As of August 31, 2024, our aggregate available authorization was $
2,694,281
for our publicly announced open-market share purchase and these other share purchase programs.
Our share purchase activity during fiscal 2024 is as follows:
(1)
We conduct a publicly announced open-market share purchase program for Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares. These shares are held as treasury shares by Accenture plc and may be utilized to provide for select employee benefits, such as equity awards to our employees.
(2)
During fiscal 2024, as authorized under our various employee equity share plans, we acquired Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares primarily via share withholding for payroll tax obligations due from employees and former employees in connection with the delivery of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares under those plans. These purchases of shares in connection with employee share plans do not affect our aggregate available authorization for our publicly announced open-market share purchase and the other share purchase programs.
Dividends
Our dividend activity during fiscal 2024 is as follows:
The payment of cash dividends includes the net effect of $
129,196
of additional restricted stock units being issued as a part of our share plans, which resulted in
389,291
restricted share units being issued.
Subsequent Events
On September 25, 2024, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc declared a quarterly cash dividend of $
1.48
per share on our Class A ordinary shares for shareholders of record at the close of business on October 10, 2024, payable on November 15, 2024.
On September 25, 2024, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc approved $
4,000,000
in additional share repurchase authority, bringing Accenture’s total outstanding authority to $
6,694,281
.
15.
Commitments and Contingencies
Indemnifications and Guarantees
In the normal course of business and