organizations build their digital core, optimize their operations, accelerate revenue growth and enhance services—creating tangible value at speed and scale.
Basis of Presentation
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Accenture plc, an Irish company, and our controlled subsidiary companies. Accenture plc is an Irish public limited company, which operates its business through its subsidiaries.
The shares of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. held by persons other than us are treated as noncontrolling interests in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The noncontrolling interests were less than
1
% as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
All references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to our fiscal year, which ends on August 31. For example, a reference to “fiscal 2024” means the 12-month period that ended on August 31, 2024. All references to quarters, unless otherwise noted, refer to the quarters of our fiscal year.
The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying disclosures. Although these estimates are based on management’s best knowledge of current events and actions that we may undertake in the future, actual results may be different from those estimates.
Revenue Recognition
We account for revenue in accordance with FASB ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).
Performance Obligations
A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the client and is the unit of accounting in Topic 606. A contract’s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the contract’s transaction price to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price. The primary method used to estimate standalone selling price is the expected cost plus a margin approach, under which we forecast our expected costs of satisfying a performance obligation and then add an appropriate margin for that distinct good or service based on margins for similar services sold on a standalone basis. While determining relative standalone selling price and identifying separate performance obligations require judgment, generally relative standalone selling prices and the separate performance obligations are readily identifiable as we sell those performance obligations unaccompanied by other performance obligations. Contract modifications are routine in the performance of our contracts. Contracts are often modified to account for changes in the contract specifications, requirements or duration. If a contract modification results in the addition of performance obligations priced at a standalone