rounding.
Operating activities:
The $1,276 million increase in operating cash flows was primarily due to higher net income and changes in operating assets and liabilities, including lower spending on certain compensation payments.
Investing activities:
The $2,271 million decrease in cash used was primarily due to lower spending on business acquisitions. For additional information, see Note 5 (Business Combinations) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 1, “Financial Statements.”
Financing activities:
The $3,964 million increase in financing cash flows was primarily due to net proceeds from borrowings. For additional information, see Note 9 (Borrowings and Indebtedness) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 1, “Financial Statements.”
We believe that our current and longer-term working capital, investments and other general corporate funding requirements will be satisfied for the next twelve months and thereafter through cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, from our borrowing facilities and future financial market activities.
Substantially all of our cash is held in jurisdictions where there are no regulatory restrictions or material tax effects on the free flow of funds. Domestic cash inflows for our Irish parent, principally dividend distributions from lower-tier subsidiaries, have been sufficient to meet our historic cash requirements, and we expect this to continue into the future.
Borrowings and Indebtedness
On September 30, 2024, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3, pursuant to which Accenture plc’s wholly owned finance subsidiaries Accenture Capital and Accenture Global Capital DAC may issue debt securities. As of February 28, 2025, we had outstanding long-term debt in the form of senior unsecured notes issued by Accenture Capital in an aggregate principal amount of $5 billion, which mature from 2027 through 2034. Accenture plc fully and unconditionally guarantees these notes, as well as all future debt securities that may be issued by these entities.
For additional information regarding our outstanding borrowings, credit facilities and other debt, see Note 9 (Borrowings and Indebtedness) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 1, “Financial Statements.”
Share Purchases and Redemptions
The Board of Directors of Accenture plc has authorized funding for our publicly announced open-market share purchase program for acquiring Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares and for purchases and redemptions of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares and Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares held by current and former members of Accenture Leadership and their permitted transferees.
Our share purchase activity during the six months ended February 28, 2025 is as follows:
(1)
We conduct a publicly announced open-market share purchase program for Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares. These shares are held as treasury shares by Accenture plc and may be utilized to provide for