experiences. While we continue to experience demand for these services, we are seeing a slower pace and level of client spending, especially for smaller contracts with a shorter duration.
In our managed services business, revenues for fiscal 2024 increased 4% in U.S. dollars and 5% in local currency compared to fiscal 2023. Managed services revenue growth in local currency in fiscal 2024 was driven by very strong growth in Growth Markets, solid growth in EMEA and modest growth in North America. We continue to experience growing demand to assist clients with application modernization and maintenance, cloud enablement and cybersecurity-as-a-service. In addition, clients continue to be focused on transforming their operations through technology, data and AI, and leveraging our digital platforms and talent to drive productivity and operational cost savings.
As we are a global company, our revenues are denominated in multiple currencies and may be significantly affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations. While a significant portion of our revenues are in U.S. dollars, the majority of our revenues are denominated in other currencies, including the Euro, Japanese yen and U.K. pound. There continues to be volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. Unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have had and could in the future have a material effect on our financial results. If the U.S. dollar weakens against other currencies, resulting in favorable currency translation, our revenues, revenue growth and results of operations in U.S. dollars may be higher. If the U.S. dollar strengthens against other currencies, resulting in unfavorable currency translation, our revenues, revenue growth and results of operations in U.S. dollars may be lower. The U.S. dollar strengthened against various currencies during fiscal 2024, resulting in unfavorable currency translation and U.S. dollar revenue growth that was approximately 1% lower than our
revenue growth in local currency for the year. Assuming that exchange rates stay within recent ranges, we estimate that our fiscal 2025 revenue growth in U.S. dollars will be approximately 1.5% higher than our revenue growth in local currency.
People Metrics
Utilization for fiscal 2024 was 92%, up from 91% in fiscal 2023. We hire to meet current and projected future demand. We proactively plan and manage the size and composition of our workforce and take actions as needed to address changes in the anticipated demand for our services and solutions, given that compensation costs are the most significant portion of our operating expenses. Our workforce, the majority of which serves our clients, increased to approximately 774,000 as of August 31, 2024, compared to approximately 733,000 as of August 31, 2023. The year-over-year increase in our workforce reflects people added in connection with acquisitions and hiring for specific skills.
For fiscal 2024, attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 13%,