August 31, 2024. All references to quarters, unless otherwise noted, refer to the quarters of our fiscal year.
We use the term “in local currency” so that certain financial results may be viewed without the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons of business performance. Financial results “in local currency” are calculated by restating current period activity into U.S. dollars using the comparable prior-year period’s foreign currency exchange rates. This approach is used for all results where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar.
Overview
Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions across Strategy & Consulting, Technology, Operations, Industry X and Song. We serve clients in three geographic markets: North America, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and Growth Markets (Asia Pacific and Latin America). We combine our strength in technology and leadership in cloud, data and AI with unmatched industry experience, functional expertise and global delivery capability to help the world’s leading organizations build their digital core, optimize their operations, accelerate revenue growth and enhance services—creating tangible value at speed and scale. In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market unit will move from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North America will become the Americas market and Growth Markets will become the Asia Pacific market.
Our results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions, the overall inflationary environment and levels of business confidence. There continues to be significant economic and geopolitical uncertainty in many markets around the world, which has impacted and may continue to impact our business. These conditions have slowed the pace and level of client spending, particularly for smaller contracts with a shorter duration and for our consulting services. Clients continue to prioritize large-scale transformations, which convert to revenue over a longer period.
Key Metrics
Key metrics for
fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 are included below. We have presented operating income, operating margin, effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share on a non-GAAP or “adjusted” basis to exclude the impact of $438 million and $1,063 million, respectively, in business optimization costs recorded during fiscal 2024 and 2023 and, with respect to effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share, the impact of a $253 million investment gain related to our investment in Duck Creek Technologies recorded during fiscal 2023 as discussed further in our Results of Operations. For additional information regarding business optimization costs, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
•
Revenues of $64.9