plans to reduce the impact of climate-related flooding, drought and water scarcity on our business and our people in high-risk areas. We have completed plans for approximately 90% of our facilities in high-risk areas.
Global Delivery Capability
A key differentiator is our global delivery capability. We have one of the world’s largest networks of centers with deep capabilities in Strategy & Consulting, Technology, Operations, Industry X and Song, that allows us to help our clients create exceptional business value. It brings the right people at the right time to our clients from anywhere in the world—both in physical and virtual working environments—a capability that is particularly crucial as business needs and conditions change rapidly. Our global approach provides scalable innovation; standardized processes, methods and tools; automation and AI; industry expertise and specialized capabilities; cost advantages; foreign language fluency; proximity to clients; and time zone advantages—to deliver high-quality solutions. Emphasizing quality, productivity, reduced risk, speed-to-market and predictability, our global delivery model supports all parts of our business to provide clients with price-competitive services and solutions.
Innovation and Intellectual Property
We are committed to developing leading-edge ideas and leveraging emerging technologies and we see innovation as a source of competitive advantage. We use our investment in R&D—on which we spent $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion and $1.1 billion in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively—to help clients address new realities in the marketplace and to face the future with confidence.
Our innovation experts work with clients across the world to imagine their future, build and co-create innovative business strategies and technology solutions, and then scale those solutions to sustain innovation. We harness our unique intellectual property to deliver these innovation services.
We have a global portfolio of patents and pending patent applications covering various technology areas, including AI, cloud, metaverse, cybersecurity, blockchain, automation, extended reality, analytics and quantum. We leverage patent, trade secret and copyright laws as well as contractual arrangements and confidentiality procedures to protect the intellectual property in our innovative services and solutions. These include our proprietary platforms, software, reusable knowledge capital, and other innovations. We also have policies to respect the intellectual property rights of third parties, such as our clients, partners, vendors and others.
We believe our combination of people, assets and capabilities, including our global network of more than 100 innovation hubs, makes Accenture one of the leading strategic innovation partners for our clients. We have deep expertise in innovation consulting including strategy, culture change and building new business models through to long-term technology innovation, which creates the