in conjunction with certain client engagements, we have entered into contractual arrangements through which we may be obligated to indemnify clients with respect to certain matters. These arrangements with clients can include provisions whereby we have joint and several liability in relation to the performance of certain contractual obligations along with third parties also providing services and products for a specific project. In addition, our consulting arrangements may include warranty provisions that our solutions will substantially operate in accordance with the applicable system requirements. Indemnification provisions are also included in arrangements under which we agree to hold the indemnified party harmless with respect to third-party claims related to such matters as title to assets sold or licensed or certain intellectual property rights.
Typically, we have contractual recourse against third parties for certain payments we made in connection with arrangements where third-party nonperformance has given rise to the client’s claim. Payments we made under any of the arrangements described above are generally conditioned on the client making a claim, which may be disputed by us typically under dispute resolution procedures specified in the particular arrangement. The limitations of liability under these arrangements may be expressly limited or may not be expressly specified in terms of time and/or amount.
As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, our aggregate potential liability to our clients for expressly limited guarantees involving the performance of third parties was approximately $
2,370,000
and $
1,793,000
, respectively, of which all but approximately $
61,000
and $
51,000
, respectively, may be recovered from the other third parties if we are obligated to make payments to the indemnified parties as a consequence of a performance default by the other third parties. For arrangements with unspecified limitations, we cannot reasonably estimate the aggregate maximum potential liability, as it is inherently difficult to predict the maximum potential amount of such payments, due to the conditional nature and unique facts of each particular arrangement.
As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, we have issued or provided guarantees in the form of letters of credit and surety bonds of $
1,758,783
($
1,609,046
net of recourse provisions) and $
1,294,653
($
1,213,375
net of recourse provisions) respectively, the majority of which support certain contracts that require us to provide them as a guarantee of our performance. These guarantees are typically renewed annually and remain in place until the contractual obligations are satisfied. In general, we would only be liable for these guarantees in the event we defaulted in performing our obligations under each contract, the probability of which we believe is remote.
To date, we have not been required to make any significant payment under any of the arrangements described above. We have assessed the current