contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from doing business with agencies of the U.S. government. We cannot at this time determine when or how this matter will be resolved or estimate the cost or range of costs that are reasonably likely to be incurred in connection with this matter.
16.
Segment Reporting
Operating segments are components of an enterprise where separate financial information is available and is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker, or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance.
Our chief operating decision makers are our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Our operating segments are managed separately because each operating segment represents a strategic business unit providing consulting and managed services to clients across different industries.
Our
three
reportable segments are our geographic markets, which are North America, EMEA and Growth Markets.
Amounts are attributed to geographic markets based on where clients are located.
Information regarding our geographic markets is as follows:
(1)
In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market unit will move from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North America will become the Americas market and Growth Markets will become the Asia Pacific market.
(2)
During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we revised the reporting of our geographic markets for the movement of our Middle East and Africa market units from Growth Markets to Europe, and the Europe market became our EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) geographic market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.
(3)
Amounts include depreciation on property and equipment and amortization of intangible assets and deferred contract costs controlled by each reportable segment, as well as an allocation for amounts they do not directly control.
(4)
We do not allocate total assets by reportable segment. Reportable segment assets directly attributable to a reportable segment and provided to the chief operating decision makers include receivables and current and non-current contract assets, deferred contract costs and current and non-current deferred revenues.
The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Our business in the United States represented
45
% of our consolidated revenues during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. No other country individually comprised 10% or more of our consolidated revenues during these periods. Business in Ireland, our country of domicile, represented approximately
1
% of our consolidated revenues during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022.
We conduct business in Ireland and in the following countries that hold 10% or more of our total consolidated Property and