currency exchange rate risk. Our derivative financial instruments consist of deliverable and non-deliverable foreign currency forward contracts.
Cash Flow Hedges
For a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the change in estimated fair value of a hedging instrument is recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss as a separate component of Shareholders’ Equity and is reclassified into Cost of services in the Consolidated Income Statements during the period in which the hedged transaction is recognized. For information related to derivatives designated as cash flow hedges that were reclassified into Cost of services during the three and six months ended February 28, 2025 and February 29, 2024, as well as those expected to be reclassified into Cost of services in the next twelve months, see Note 4 (Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss) to these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Other Derivatives
Realized gains or losses and changes in the estimated fair value of foreign currency forward contracts that have not been designated as hedges were net losses of $
12,442
and $
16,698
for the three and six months ended February 28, 2025, respectively, and net losses of $
26,056
and $
46,336
for the three and six months ended February 29, 2024, respectively. Gains and losses on these contracts are recorded in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Income Statements and are offset by gains and losses on the related hedged items.
Fair Value of Derivative Instruments
The notional and fair values of all derivative instruments are as follows:
We utilize standard counterparty master agreements containing provisions for the netting of certain foreign currency transaction obligations and for the set-off of certain obligations in the event of an insolvency of one of the parties to the transaction. In the Consolidated Balance Sheets, we record derivative assets and liabilities at gross fair value.
The potential effect of netting derivative assets against liabilities under the counterparty master agreements is as follows:
9.
Borrowings and Indebtedness
On October 4, 2024, Accenture Capital Inc. (“Accenture Capital”), a wholly owned finance subsidiary of Accenture plc, issued $
5
billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes. Net proceeds from the offering are being used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of outstanding commercial paper borrowings. Interest on the senior unsecured notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. Accenture Capital may redeem the senior unsecured notes at any time in whole, or from time to time, in part at specified redemption prices. Accenture plc and Accenture Capital are not subject to any financial covenants under the senior unsecured notes.
The following is a summary of
total outstanding debt
as of February 28, 2025 and August 31, 2024
,
respectively:
(1)
The carrying amounts of the commercial paper as of
February 28, 2025
and
August 31, 2024
include the remaining principal outstanding of
$