for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
222,891
, $
206,346
and $
188,001
, respectively. Postretirement expense for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was not material to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The service cost component of pension and postretirement expense is included in operating expenses while the other components of net benefit cost are included in Other income (expense), net.
Benefit Obligation, Plan Assets and Funded Status
The changes in the benefit obligations, plan assets and funded status of our pension and postretirement benefit plans for fiscal 2024 and 2023 are as follows:
Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Gain) Loss
The pre-tax accumulated net (gain) loss and prior service (credit) cost recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive (gain) loss as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 is as follows:
Funded Status for Defined Benefit Plans
The accumulated benefit obligation for defined benefit pension plans as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 is as follows:
The following information is provided for defined benefit pension plans and postretirement plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets and for defined benefit pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023:
Investment Strategies
U.S. Pension Plans
The overall investment objective of the defined benefit pension plans is to match the duration of the plans’ assets to the plans’ liabilities while managing risk in order to meet current defined benefit pension obligations. The plans’ future prospects, their current financial conditions, our current funding levels and other relevant factors suggest that the plans can tolerate some interim fluctuations in market value and rates of return in order to achieve long-term objectives without undue risk to the plans’ ability to meet their current benefit obligations. We recognize that asset allocation of the defined benefit pension plans’ assets is an important factor in determining long-term performance. Actual asset allocations at any point in time may
vary from the target asset allocations and will be dictated by current and anticipated market conditions, required cash flows and investment decisions of the investment committee and the pension plans’ investment funds and managers. Ranges are established to provide flexibility for the asset allocation to vary around the targets without the need for immediate rebalancing.
Non-U.S. Pension Plans
Plan assets in non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans conform to the investment policies and procedures of each plan and to relevant legislation. The pension committee or trustee of each plan regularly, but at least annually, reviews the investment policy and the performance of the investment managers. In certain countries, the trustee is also required to consult with us. Asset allocation decisions are made to provide risk adjusted returns that align with the overall investment strategy for each plan. Generally, the investment return