targeted sales at scale, leveraging data and AI, transforming content supply chains and marketing and commerce models and helping create new digital services and business models.
Our clients turn to us to help them drive reinvention with our unique combination of services across Strategy & Consulting, Technology, Operations, Industry X and Song. Our strategists and deep industry, functional, customer and technology consultants work hand-in-hand with our clients and across services to shape and deliver these reinventions.
At the same time, we see AI as the new digital. Like digital, AI is both a technology and a new way of working, and its full value will only come from strategies built on both productivity and growth. And we believe it will be used in every part of the enterprise. We also believe the introduction of generative AI signifies a transformative era that is set to drive growth for us and our clients.
To accomplish reinvention and take advantage of AI, businesses need to focus on talent, which includes: accessing the best people at the right time, place and cost; being a talent creator to keep people market-relevant; and unlocking the potential of talent.
Our managed services are strategic for our clients as companies seek to move faster, embrace AI and automation and leverage our digital platforms and talent as well as reduce costs.
As clients reinvent, we believe that trends such as sustainability will continue to be forces behind their need to reinvent and the outcomes of their reinventions.
We believe our strategy to deliver 360° value makes us an attractive destination for top talent, a trusted partner to our clients and ecosystem, and a respected member of our communities.
Geographic Markets
Our geographic markets—North America, EMEA and Growth Markets—bring together integrated service teams, which typically consist of industry and functional experts, technology and capability specialists and professionals with local market knowledge and experience, to meet client needs. The geographic markets have primary responsibility for building and sustaining long-term client relationships; bringing together our expertise from around the globe and collaborating across our business to sell and deliver our full range of services and capabilities; ensuring client satisfaction; and achieving revenue and profitability objectives.
While we serve clients in locally relevant ways, our global footprint and scale in every major country give us the ability to leverage our experience and people from around the world to accelerate outcomes for our clients.
Our three geographic markets are our reporting segments. The percent of our revenues represented by each market is shown at right.
Services
We bring together skills, capabilities, industry experience and functional expertise to help our clients achieve tangible outcomes and create 360° value.
Strategy & Consulting
We work with C-suite executives, leaders and boards of the world’s leading organizations,