specific industry solutions to our clients to accelerate value creation. Our industry focus gives us an understanding of industry evolution, business issues and trends, industry operating models, capabilities and processes and new and emerging technologies. The breadth of our industry expertise enables us to create solutions that are informed by cross industry experience. We go to market through the following five industry groups within our geographic markets.
Our work with clients in the U.S. federal government is delivered through Accenture Federal Services, a U.S. company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, and represented approximately 37% of our Health & Public Service industry group’s revenues and 17% of our North America revenues in fiscal 2024.
People
Overview
We are a talent- and innovation-led organization with approximately 774,000 people as of August 31, 2024, whose skills and specialization are a significant source of competitive differentiation.
We serve clients at any given time in more than 120 countries, with offices and operations in 52 countries. The majority of our people are in India, the Philippines and the U.S.
We have a culture of shared success, which is defined as success for our clients, our people, our shareholders, our partners and our communities. That culture is built upon four tangible building blocks—our beliefs, our behaviors, the way we develop and reward our people and the way we do business.
Our Beliefs and Behaviors
Our leadership essentials set the standard for what we expect of all our people:
Listening to the voices of our people provides the input to ensure that they have the tools and resources to do their jobs and the right learning opportunities, and that they experience a positive, respectful and inclusive work environment. We do this on an ongoing basis across various channels, including surveys and forums. Among our people who participated in the Great Place To Work
®
Trust Index Survey™, 78% agreed that “Taking everything into account, I would say this is a great place to work.” Additionally, we are recognized as a top 10 place to work in 11 countries, representing more than 70% of our people.
Our purpose is to deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity. Our strategy is to deliver 360
°
value for all our stakeholders
by
helping them continuously reinvent. To drive reinvention, innovation must be at the forefront, which requires us to attract, develop and inspire top talent. Talent is one of our most important areas of competitive differentiation. As part of our talent strategy, we hire and develop people who have different backgrounds, different perspectives, and different lived experiences. These differences ensure that we have and attract the cognitive diversity to deliver a variety of perspectives, observations, and insights which are essential to drive the innovation needed to reinvent. To help achieve this diversity we set goals, share them publicly, and collect data