investment nature are reported in the same manner as translation adjustments.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of all cash balances and liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less, including certificates of deposit and time deposits.
Allowance for Credit Losses—Client Receivables and Contract Assets
We record client receivables and contract assets at their face amounts less an allowance for credit losses. The allowance represents our estimate of expected credit losses based on historical experience, current economic conditions and certain forward-looking information. As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the total allowances recorded for credit losses recorded for client receivables and contract assets was $
27,561
and $
26,343
, respectively. The change in the allowance is primarily due to changes in gross client receivables, contract assets and immaterial write-offs.
Concentrations of Credit Risk
Our financial instruments, consisting primarily of cash and cash equivalents, foreign currency exchange rate instruments and client receivables, are exposed to concentrations of credit risk. We place our cash and cash equivalents and foreign exchange instruments with highly-rated financial institutions, limit the amount of credit exposure with any one financial institution and conduct ongoing evaluations of the credit worthiness of the financial institutions with which we do business. Client receivables are dispersed across many different industries and countries; therefore, concentrations of credit risk are limited.
Investments
All available-for-sale securities and liquid investments with an original maturity greater than three months but less than one year are considered to be Short-term investments. Non-current investments consist of equity securities in privately-held companies and are accounted for using either the equity or fair value measurement alternative method of accounting (for investments without readily determinable fair values). Investments are periodically assessed for other-than-temporary impairment. If an investment is deemed to have experienced an other-than-temporary decline below its basis, we reduce the carrying amount of the investment to its estimated fair value.
Our non-current investments are as follows:
For investments in which we can exercise significant influence but do not control, we use the equity method of accounting. Equity method investments are initially recorded at cost and our proportionate share of gains and losses of the investee are included as a component of Other income (expense), net.
For equity securities without a readily determinable fair value, we use the fair value measurement alternative and measure the securities at cost less impairment, if any, plus or minus observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer.
Depreciation and Amortization
See table below for summary of depreciation on fixed assets,