“Business—Services.”
The business that we conduct through these alliances could decrease or fail to grow for a variety of reasons. The priorities and objectives of our ecosystem partners may differ from ours. They offer services and solutions that compete with some of our services and solutions. They may also form closer or preferred arrangements with our competitors.
Some of our ecosystem partners are also large clients or suppliers of technology to us. The decisions we make vis-à-vis an ecosystem partner may impact our ongoing alliance relationships with other members of our ecosystem.
Our ecosystem partners may at times be impacted by global events, the changing macroeconomic environment and supply chain or service disruptions, as well as rapid increases in demand for their products and services, any of which may impact their ability to provide their products and services within our expected timeframes or at anticipated prices. In addition, our ecosystem partners may also experience reduced demand for their technology or software, including, for example, in response to changes in technology, which could lessen related demand for our services and solutions.
We must anticipate and respond to continuous changes in technology and develop alliance relationships with new providers of relevant technology and services. We must secure meaningful alliances with these providers early in their life cycle so that we can develop the right number of certified people with skills in new technologies. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with current partners and identify new and emerging providers of relevant technology to expand our network of ecosystem partners, we may not be able to differentiate our services or compete effectively in the market.
If we do not obtain the expected benefits from our alliance relationships for any reason, we may be less competitive, our ability to offer attractive solutions to our clients may be negatively affected, and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
Financial Risks
Our profitability could materially suffer due to pricing pressure, if we are unable to remain competitive, if our cost-management strategies are unsuccessful or if we experience delivery inefficiencies or fail to satisfy certain agreed-upon targets or specific service levels.
Our profitability is highly dependent on a variety of factors and could be materially impacted by any of the following:
Pricing pressures have had and may continue to have a negative impact on our profitability.
The rates we are able to charge for our services and solutions are affected by a number of factors, including:
•
general economic and political conditions;
•
our clients’ desire to reduce their costs;
•
the competitive environment in our industry;
•
the introduction of new technologies (such as generative AI), services or products by competitors, which could reduce our ability to obtain favorable pricing and impact our overall economics for the services