Protecting client data is a top business priority supported by our global client data protection (CDP) program. A CDP plan is developed for our clients and is designed to provide end-to-end security risk management covering physical, application, infrastructure, and data security. The CDP program also arms our project teams with tools and controls that enable them to identify and mitigate security risks over the lifecycle of a client project. Accenture leadership reviews and monitors CDP monthly metrics, which are intended to provide oversight and accountability.
All Accenture people complete annual core information security and data privacy training, delivered in multiple courses throughout the year, to stay up-to-date on security practices and threats. In addition, our people in internal- and client-data-sensitive roles complete specialized, targeted security training to increase knowledge about role-specific threats, concepts and practices. These interactive learning programs are focused on strengthening foundational knowledge and responding to emerging threats. Agile and flexible, our training program has garnered industry recognition for its innovative approach and effectiveness.
In the event of a cybersecurity incident, we have robust playbooks to guide our incident procedures. These procedures provide a standardized framework for responding to cybersecurity incidents and include taking action to limit and contain the spread of the incident within our environment, analyzing whether and the extent to which any data may have been compromised and conducting forensic analysis to determine severity. We also have internal and external reporting and communication plans that address reporting findings and keeping senior management and other key stakeholders informed and involved as appropriate. Once an incident is resolved, a comprehensive post-incident review process is conducted.
We describe the risks from cybersecurity threats, including previous cybersecurity incidents, in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors – “We face legal, reputational and financial risks from any failure to protect client and/or Accenture data from security incidents or cyberattacks”. To date these risks and incidents have not had a material impact on us, including our business strategy, results of operations, and financial condition; however, there is no assurance that such impacts will not be material in the future. Cybersecurity threats are constantly expanding and evolving, becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, increasing the difficulty of detecting and defending against them and maintaining effective security measures and protocols.
Cybersecurity Governance
Our enterprise risk management program is an annual and ongoing process designed to identify, assess and manage Accenture’s risk exposures over the short-, intermediate- and long-term. Our enterprise risk management program and disclosure controls and procedures are designed to appropriately escalate key risks