to the Board of Directors, as well as to analyze potential risks for disclosure. As part of our Board of Directors’ role in overseeing the Company’s enterprise risk
management program, the Board devotes time and attention to cybersecurity and data privacy-related risks, with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors responsible for overseeing information technology risk exposures, including cybersecurity, data privacy and data security.
The Audit Committee receives reports on cybersecurity and data privacy matters and related risk exposures from management, including our chief information security officer (“CISO”), at least twice a year and more frequently as applicable. In addition, the Audit Committee’s quarterly enterprise risk management updates include developments regarding IT security and data protection. Recent topics included evolving generative AI threats, social engineering resistance and deepfake readiness. The Audit Committee regularly updates the Board on such matters and the Board also periodically receives reports from management directly. We have protocols by which cybersecurity incidents that meet established reporting thresholds are escalated within the company and, where appropriate, reported promptly to the Board.
Our CISO leads all aspects of Accenture’s global cybersecurity program, including security operations, client data protection, cyber risk reduction strategies, incident response, cybersecurity integration of acquisitions and our industry-leading behavioral change program. Our CISO joined Accenture in 1995. Prior to being appointed CISO in 2020, he helped create Accenture’s information security capability and led the implementation of information security technology. Previously, he managed large technology transformations for Accenture and for clients in the United States, Japan and Australia. Our CISO reports to our Chief Operating Officer and is supported by a team of over 800 people with expertise in technical architecture and security operations; governance, risk and compliance; client data protection; behavioral change; and cyber incident response, many of whom hold cybersecurity certifications and possess deep technical knowledge and experience.
Our information security team maintains an extensive governance network, including formal relationships with other organizations within Accenture through our Situation and Action Committee, which includes representatives from our Markets and Services and the legal, information technology, corporate services and sustainability, data privacy and business resilience services teams. In addition, our cyber incident response efforts are overseen by a cross-functional leadership team including our CISO, our General Counsel and our Chief Marketing Officer.
Item 2. Properties
We have major offices in the world’s leading business centers, including Boston, Chicago, New York, San Francisco, Dublin, Frankfurt, London, Madrid, Milan, Paris, Rome, Bangalore, Beijing, Manila,