Revenues of $16.7 billion,
an increase of 5% in U.S. dollars and
8.5% in local currency;
•
New bookings of $20.9 billion,
a decrease of 3% in U.S. dollars and flat in local currency;
•
Operating margin of 13.5%,
compared to operating margin of 13.0% and adjusted operating margin of 13.7% in the second quarter of fiscal 2024;
•
Diluted earnings per share of $2.82,
a 7% increase over diluted earnings per share of $2.63 and a 2% increase over adjusted earnings per share of $2.77 in the second quarter of fiscal 2024; and
•
Cash returned to shareholders of $2.4 billion,
including dividends of $929 million and share purchases of $1.4 billion.
Revenues
Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.
(1)
During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market unit moved from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North America became the Americas market and Growth Markets became the Asia Pacific market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.
Revenues for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 increased 5% in U.S. dollars and 8.5% in local currency compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2024. During the second quarter of fiscal 2025, revenue growth in local currency was very strong in the Americas and EMEA, while Asia Pacific experienced slight growth. We experienced local currency revenue growth that was very strong in Financial Services, Health & Public Service and Products, strong in Communications, Media & Technology and solid in Resources. Revenue growth in local currency was very strong in managed services and strong in consulting. While the business environment remained competitive, pricing was relatively stable. We define pricing as the contract profitability or margin on the work that we sell.
In our consulting business, revenues for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 increased 3% in U.S. dollars and 6% in local currency compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2024. Consulting revenue growth in local currency for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 was driven by very strong growth in the Americas and strong growth in EMEA, partially offset by a modest decline in Asia Pacific. Our consulting revenue continues to be driven by helping our clients accelerate their reinvention, in particular technology, data, and AI led digital transformations. This includes moving to the cloud, embedding security and responsible AI across the enterprise and leveraging our change capabilities to help our clients build new skills and drive the successful adoption of new processes and technologies. In addition, clients continue to be focused on initiatives designed to deliver cost savings and supply chain and operational resilience, as well as projects to accelerate growth and improve customer experiences. While we continue to experience demand for these services, we are seeing a slower pace and level of client spending, particularly for smaller contracts with a shorter duration.
In our managed