deferred transition amortization, intangible assets amortization and operating lease cost for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of property and equipment is computed on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives:
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired entity over the fair value of net assets acquired. We review the recoverability of goodwill by operating segment annually, or more frequently when indicators of impairment exist. Based on the results of our annual impairment analysis, we determined that
no
impairment existed as of August 31, 2024 or 2023, as each reportable segment’s estimated fair value substantially exceeded its carrying value.
Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets, including lease assets, deferred contract costs and identifiable intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets or groups of assets is assessed based on a comparison of the carrying amount to the undiscounted estimated future net cash flows. If estimated future undiscounted net cash flows are less than the carrying amount, the asset is considered impaired and a loss is recorded equal to the amount required to reduce the carrying amount to fair value.
Intangible assets with finite lives are generally amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated economic useful lives, ranging from
one
to
eighteen years
.
Operating Expenses
Selected components of operating expenses are as follows:
(1)
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.
(2)
For additional information, see “Allowance for Credit Losses—Client Receivables and Contract Assets.”
Business Optimization
During the second quarter of fiscal 2023, we initiated actions to streamline our operations, transform our non-billable corporate functions and consolidate our office space to reduce costs.
We recorded a total of $
1.5
billion related to these actions, primarily for employee severance, which have been completed as of August 31, 2024.
Total b
usiness optimization costs by reportable operating segment for fiscal 2024 and 2023 were as follows:
(1)
During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we revised the reporting of our geographic markets for the movement of our Middle East and Africa market units from Growth Markets to Europe, and the Europe market became our EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) geographic market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.
New Accounting Pronouncements
On November 27, 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2023-07, Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which requires entities to enhance disclosures regarding their