to measure our progress, continuously improve, and hold our leaders accountable for ensuring we have the most innovative and talented people in our industry. This approach is a key driver of our progress.
We recognize that some people come to Accenture having faced obstacles as an aspect of their identity or lived experience. At Accenture, we are committed to harness these perspectives and ensure that all of our people have the opportunity to thrive and unlock their full potential. We are a meritocracy. Our intention is to foster a culture and a workplace in which all of our people feel a sense of belonging and are respected and empowered to do their best work and to create 360° value for all our stakeholders.
The Way We Develop and Reward Our People
Our focus is to create talent and unlock the potential of our people, to create strong leaders, and to help them achieve their professional and personal aspirations, while continuously pivoting to meet new client demands.
During fiscal 2024, we invested $1.1 billion in learning and professional development. With our digital learning platform, we delivered approximately 44 million training hours, an increase of 10% compared with fiscal 2023, predominantly due to generative AI training.
We have skills data for our people, enabling us to flexibly respond to shifting client needs while also recommending skill-specific training based on an individual’s interests. We upskill people at scale, while proactively defining new skills and roles in anticipation of client needs. We also continue to steadily increase our Data & AI workforce, reaching approximately
57,000
skilled Data & AI practitioners at the end of fiscal 2024, against our goal of doubling our Data & AI workforce to
80,000
by the end of fiscal 2026.
We are focused on rigorous, job-specific training through key industry certifications and partnerships with leading universities around the globe. We also train our people on inclusion and mitigating unconscious bias.
We promoted approximately 97,000 people in fiscal 2024, demonstrating our continued commitment to creating vibrant careers and opportunities for our people.
We balance our supply of skills with changes in client demand. We do this through adjusting levels of new hiring and managing our attrition (both voluntary and involuntary). We believe people are drawn to our strong purpose, values and reputation. For fiscal 2024, attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 13%, consistent with fiscal 2023. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, annualized attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 14%, consistent with the third quarter of fiscal 2024.
Accenture’s total rewards consist of cash compensation, equity and a wide range of benefits. Our total rewards program is designed to recognize our people’s skills, contributions and career progression. Base salary, bonus and equity are tailored to the market where our people work and live. Certain rewards, like equity and bonuses, are