ability to issue shares under our equity compensation plans and, if applicable, to facilitate funding acquisitions or otherwise raise capital could be adversely affected.
Some companies that conduct substantial business in the United States but that have a parent domiciled in certain other jurisdictions have been criticized as improperly avoiding U.S. taxes or creating an unfair competitive advantage over U.S. companies. Accenture never conducted business under a U.S. parent company and pays U.S. taxes on all of its U.S. operations. Nonetheless, we could be subject to criticism in connection with our incorporation in Ireland.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
Safeguarding data and systems is one of our most important responsibilities in building and maintaining trust, not only with our people but also with our clients and other stakeholders. Our cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our overall enterprise risk management system and is supported by controls, policies and processes implemented across the enterprise and is designed to protect our network/technical infrastructure and the data of Accenture, our clients and our people. Our internal cybersecurity team collaborates closely with our information technology team and Accenture Security, a leading provider of end-to-end cybersecurity services, including strategy, protection, resilience and industry-specific cyber services, to continually innovate security solutions intended to address the evolving threat landscape.
Our security framework leverages a hybrid set of internationally recognized standards, including but not limited to, ISO 27001/27701, NIST Cyber Security Framework, CSA Security Trust and Assurance Registry, and CIS Critical Security Controls. We regularly measure our security posture and resilience through risk assessments, penetration testing and external validation conducted by third-party assessors and auditors. Threat intelligence sources, including those provided by Accenture Security, are also used to inform our security strategy, understand the threat landscape, and enable security risk and procedures to be integrated into the business. Our key strategic security programs include secure integration of acquisitions and supplier cyber risk management. We utilize systems and processes designed to oversee, identify, and reduce the potential impact of cybersecurity incidents at third-party vendors, service providers or clients.
Our infrastructure vulnerability scanning and configuration compliance approach includes real-time threat detection and monitoring of threats via our security information and event management and endpoint detection and response tools to respond to security incidents at speed. We monitor for secure configuration of servers, network devices, containers and other cloud services, evaluate risks in new programs, and regularly review and strengthen our security controls.