status of performance/payment risk related to arrangements with limited guarantees, warranty obligations, unspecified limitations, indemnification provisions, letters of credit and surety bonds, and believe that any potential payments would be immaterial to the Consolidated Financial Statements, as a whole.
Legal Contingencies
As of August 31, 2024, we or our present personnel had been named as a defendant in various litigation matters. We and/or our personnel also from time to time are involved in investigations by various regulatory or legal authorities concerning matters arising in the course of our business around the world. Based on the present status of these matters, except as otherwise noted below, management believes the range of reasonably possible losses in addition to amounts accrued, net of insurance recoveries, will not have a material effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
On July 24, 2019, Accenture was named in a putative class action lawsuit filed by consumers of Marriott International, Inc. (“Marriott”) in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland. The complaint alleges negligence by us, and seeks monetary damages, costs and attorneys’ fees and other related relief, relating to a data security incident involving unauthorized access to the reservations database of Starwood Worldwide Resorts, Inc. (“Starwood”), which was acquired by Marriott on September 23, 2016. Since 2009, we have provided certain IT infrastructure outsourcing services to Starwood. On May 3, 2022, the court issued an order granting in part the plaintiffs’ motion for class certification, which we appealed. On August 17, 2023, the appeals court vacated the class certification and remanded the case to the district court for consideration of, among other things, the class action waiver signed by Starwood customer plaintiffs. On November 29, 2023, the district court reinstated the classes previously certified by the court in May 2022. We are appealing the district court's decision. We continue to believe the lawsuit is without merit and we will vigorously defend it. At present, we do not believe any losses from this matter will have a material effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
After Accenture Federal Services (“AFS”) made a voluntary disclosure to the U.S. government, the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) initiated a civil and criminal investigation concerning whether one or more employees provided inaccurate submissions to an assessor who was evaluating on behalf of the U.S. government an AFS service offering and whether the service offering fully implemented required federal security controls. AFS is responding to an administrative subpoena and cooperating with DOJ’s investigation. This matter could subject us to adverse consequences, including civil and criminal penalties, including under the civil U.S. False Claims Act and/or other statutes, and administrative sanctions, such as termination of