Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares under this program for an aggregate price of $884 million. The open-market purchase program does not have an expiration date.
(3)
As of February 28, 2025, our aggregate available authorization for share purchases and redemptions was $5,034 million which management has the discretion to use for either our publicly announced open-market share purchase program or the other share purchase programs. Since August 2001 and as of February 28, 2025, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc has authorized an aggregate of $54.1 billion for share purchases and redemptions by Accenture plc and Accenture Canada Holdings Inc.
(4)
During the second quarter of fiscal 2025, Accenture purchased 1,562,601 Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares in transactions unrelated to publicly announced share plans or programs. These transactions consisted of acquisitions of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares primarily via share withholding for payroll tax obligations due from employees and former employees in connection with the delivery of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares under our various employee equity share plans. These purchases of shares in connection with employee share plans do not affect our aggregate available authorization for our publicly announced open-market share purchase and the other share purchase programs.
Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities
None.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Item 5. Other Information
Trading Arrangements
The table below summarizes the terms of trading arrangements
adopted
or
terminated
by our executive officers or directors during the second quarter of fiscal 2025. All of the trading arrangements listed below are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c).
(1)    Each plan will expire on the earlier of the expiration date or the completion of all transactions under the trading arrangement.
Item 6. Exhibits
Exhibit Index:
Signatures
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
Date: March 20, 2025