products and markets of the future.
This is all supported by our innovation approach, which includes Accenture Research, Accenture Ventures and Accenture Labs as well as our Studios, Innovation Centers and Delivery Centers. Our research and thought leadership teams help identify market, technology and industry trends. Accenture Ventures partners with and invests in growth-stage companies that create innovative enterprise technologies. Accenture Labs incubate and prototype new concepts through applied research and development projects. Within this, we incubate and apply emerging technology innovation to business architectures, including blockchain, metaverse, extended reality and quantum.
To protect Accenture’s brands, we rely on intellectual property laws and trademark registrations held around the world. Trademarks appearing in this report are the trademarks or registered trademarks of Accenture Global Services Limited, Accenture Global Solutions Limited, or third parties, as applicable.
Competition
Accenture operates in a highly competitive and rapidly changing global marketplace. We compete with a variety of organizations that offer services and solutions competitive with those we offer—but we believe no other company offers the full range of services at scale that Accenture does, which uniquely positions us in a highly competitive market. Our clients typically retain us on a non-exclusive basis.
Our competitors include large multinational IT service providers, including the services arms of large global technology providers; off-shore IT service providers in lower-cost locations, particularly in India; accounting firms and consultancies that provide consulting, managed services and other IT services and solutions; solution or service providers that compete with us in a specific geographic market, industry or service area, including advertising agency holding companies, engineering services providers and technology start-ups; and in-house IT departments of large corporations that use their own resources rather than engage an outside firm, such as global capability centers ( “GCC’s”).
We believe Accenture competes successfully in the marketplace because:
Information About Our Executive Officers
Our executive officers as of October 10, 2024 are as follows:
Organizational Structure
Accenture plc was incorporated in Ireland on June 10, 2009 as a public limited company. We operate our business through subsidiaries of Accenture plc.
The Consolidated Financial Statements reflect the ownership interests in Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. held by certain current and former members of Accenture Leadership as noncontrolling interests. The noncontrolling ownership interests were less than 1% as of August 31, 2024. “Accenture Leadership” is comprised of members of our global management committee (our primary management and leadership team, which consists of approximately 50 of our most senior leaders), senior managing directors and managing directors.