regarding our outstanding borrowings, credit facilities and other debt, see Note 9 (Borrowings and Indebtedness) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 1, “Financial Statements.”
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Based on that evaluation, the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer of Accenture plc have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the second quarter of fiscal 2025 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Part II — Other Information
Item 1. Legal Proceedings
The information set forth under “Legal Contingencies” in Note 11 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 1, “Financial Statements,” is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
For a discussion of our potential risks and uncertainties, see the information under the heading “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2024 (the “Annual Report”), as updated below.
The following updates and replaces the risk factors in the Annual Report entitled “Our business could be materially adversely affected if we incur legal liability” and “Our work with government clients exposes us to additional risks inherent in the government contracting environment”.
Our business could be materially adversely affected if we incur legal liability.
We are subject to, and may become a party to, a variety of litigation or other claims and suits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Our business is subject to the risk of litigation involving current and former employees, clients, ecosystem partners, subcontractors, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies or others through private actions, class actions, whistleblower claims, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. Regardless of the merits of the claims, the cost to defend current and future litigation may be significant, and such matters can be time-consuming and divert management’s attention and resources. The results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements in