we are unable to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, or if our services or solutions infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others or we lose our ability to utilize the intellectual property of others, our business could be adversely affected.
•
We are incorporated in Ireland and Irish law differs from the laws in effect in the United States and might afford less protection to our shareholders. We may also be subject to criticism and negative publicity related to our incorporation in Ireland.
For a more detailed discussion of these factors, see the information under the heading “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2024, as updated in Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.
Overview
Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions across Strategy & Consulting, Technology, Operations, Industry X and Song. We serve clients in three geographic markets: the Americas, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and Asia Pacific. We combine our strength in technology and leadership in cloud, data and AI with unmatched industry experience, functional expertise and global delivery capability to help the world’s leading businesses, governments and other organizations build their digital core, optimize their operations, accelerate revenue growth and enhance citizen services—creating tangible value at speed and scale.
Our results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions, the overall inflationary environment and levels of business confidence. We are seeing an elevated level of what was already significant economic and geopolitical uncertainty in many markets around the world, which has impacted and may continue to impact our business. These conditions have slowed the pace and level of client spending, particularly for smaller contracts with a shorter duration and for our consulting services. Clients continue to prioritize large-scale transformations, which convert to revenue over a longer period.
For a discussion of risks related to these and other recent developments, see Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2024, as updated in Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Key Metrics
Key metrics for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2024 are included below. We have presented operating income, operating margin, effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share for the second quarter of fiscal 2024 on a non-GAAP or “adjusted” basis to exclude the impact of $115 million in business optimization costs recorded during the quarter, as discussed further in our Results of Operations.
•