select employee benefits, such as equity awards to our employees.
(2)
During the six months ended February 28, 2025, as authorized under our various employee equity share plans, we acquired Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares primarily via share withholding for payroll tax obligations due from employees and former employees in connection with the delivery of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares under those plans. These purchases of shares in connection with employee share plans do not affect our aggregate available authorization for our publicly announced open-market share purchase and the other share purchase programs.
We intend to continue to use a significant portion of cash generated from operations for share repurchases during the remainder of fiscal 2025. The number of shares ultimately repurchased under our open-market share purchase program may vary depending on numerous factors, including, without limitation, share price and other market conditions, our ongoing capital allocation planning, the levels of cash and debt balances, other demands for cash, such as acquisition activity, general economic and/or business conditions, and board and management discretion. Additionally, as these factors may change over the course of the year, the amount of share repurchase activity during any particular period cannot be predicted and may fluctuate from time to time. Share repurchases may be made from time to time through open-market purchases, in respect of purchases and redemptions of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares, through the use of Rule 10b5-1 plans and/or by other means. The repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time, without notice.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
In the normal course of business and in conjunction with some client engagements, we have entered into contractual arrangements through which we may be obligated to indemnify clients with respect to certain matters.
To date, we have not been required to make any significant payment under any of the arrangements described above. For further discussion of these transactions, see Note 11 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 1, “Financial Statements.”
Significant Accounting Policies
See Note 1 (Basis of Presentation) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 1, “Financial Statements.”
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
During the six months ended February 28, 2025, there were no material changes to the information on market risk exposure disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2024. For a discussion of our market risk associated with foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and equity investment risk as of August 31, 2024, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” in Part II, Item 7A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2024.
For additional information