consolidated financial statements could adversely affect our financial results.
Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. It is possible that changes in accounting standards could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. The application of generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions about certain items and future events that affect our reported financial condition and results of operations, and our accompanying disclosure with respect to, among other things, revenue recognition and income taxes. Our most critical accounting estimates are described in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates.” We base our estimates on historical experience, contractual commitments and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and at the time they are made. These estimates and assumptions involve the use of judgment and are subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. If our estimates, or the assumptions underlying such estimates, are not correct, actual results may differ materially from our estimates, and we may need to, among other things, adjust revenues or accrue additional costs that could adversely affect our results of operations.
Operational Risks
As a result of our geographically diverse operations and our strategy to continue to grow in our key markets around the world, we are more susceptible to certain risks.
We have offices and operations in more than 200 cities in 52 countries around the world. One aspect of our strategy is to continue to grow in our key markets around the world. Our strategy might not be successful. If we are unable to manage the risks of our global operations and strategy, our results of operations and ability to grow could be materially adversely affected.
Health emergencies or pandemics; acts of terrorist violence; political, social and civil unrest; regional and international war and other hostilities and international responses to these wars and hostilities; natural disasters, sea level rise, floods, droughts and water scarcity, heat waves, wildfires and storms, occurrences of which may increase in frequency and severity as a result of climate change; or the threat of or perceived potential for these events; and other acts of god have had and could in the future have significantly negative impacts on us. These events could adversely affect our clients’ levels of business activity and precipitate sudden and significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. These events also pose significant risks to our people and to physical facilities and operations around the world, whether the facilities are ours or those of our ecosystem partners, suppliers or clients. By disrupting communications and