In view of the complexity and ongoing and uncertain nature of the outstanding proceedings and inquiries, at this time we are unable to estimate a reasonably possible financial loss or range of financial loss, if any, that we may incur to resolve or settle the Securities Action and the Derivative Actions.
In connection with disputes relating to the validity or alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, including patent rights, we have been, are currently and may in the future be subject to claims, negotiations or complex, protracted litigation. Intellectual property disputes and litigation may be very costly and can be disruptive to our business operations by diverting the attention and energies of management and key technical personnel. Although we have successfully defended or resolved past litigation and disputes, we may not prevail in any ongoing or future litigation and disputes. Third-party intellectual property disputes could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable terms, prevent us from licensing certain of our products or offering certain of our services, subject us to injunctions restricting our sale of products or services, cause severe disruptions to our operations or the markets in which we compete, or require us to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers including contractual provisions under various license arrangements and service agreements.
87
Table of Contents
ADOBE INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 17.
DEBT
The carrying value of our borrowings as of November 29, 2024 and December 1, 2023 were as follows:
Senior Notes
In January 2015, we issued $
1
billion of senior notes due February 1, 2025. The related discount and issuance costs are amortized to interest expense over the term of the notes using the effective interest method. Interest is payable semi-annually, in arrears, on February 1 and August 1.
In February 2020, we issued $
500
million of senior notes due February 1, 2025, $
850
million of senior notes due February 1, 2027 and $
1.30
billion of senior notes due February 1, 2030. The related discount and issuance costs are amortized to interest expense over the respective terms of the notes using the effective interest method. Interest is payable semi-annually, in arrears, on February 1 and August 1.
In April 2024, we issued $
500
million of senior notes due April 4, 2027, $
750
million of senior notes due April 4, 2029 and $
750
million of senior notes due April 4, 2034. Our total proceeds were approximately $
1.99
billion, net of an issuance discount of $
3
million and total issuance costs of $
9
million. The related discount and issuance costs are amortized to interest expense over the respective terms of the notes using the effective interest method. Interest is payable semi-annually, in arrears, on April 4 and October 4.
During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we reclassified