Experience customers include marketing professionals such as brand managers, channel marketers and campaign strategists.
Digital Experience revenue was $1.41 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2025, up from $1.29 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, representing 10% year-over-year growth. Subscription revenue grew to $1.30 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2025, up from $1.16 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, representing 11% year-over-year growth.
Customer-Focused Strategy
Our customers often are involved in workflows that integrate multiple Adobe products across both segments. By combining the creativity of our Digital Media business with the science of our Digital Experience business, such as with our Adobe GenStudio solutions, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop.
Spanning both our Digital Media and Digital Experience segments, we are driving continued business success through audience-specific product innovation and go-to-market strategy focused on the following two customer groups:
•
Business Professionals and Consumers require all-in-one web and mobile apps with easy-to-use AI capabilities, and are increasingly benefiting from deep integration between Adobe Acrobat and Adobe Express. Revenue associated with the Business Professionals and Consumers customer group consists of Adobe Acrobat offerings and Adobe Express, all of which are part of Digital Media.
•
Creative and Marketing Professionals require agile and comprehensive solutions to create high volumes of compelling content, infused with commercially safe AI capabilities; and are benefiting from investments in powerful, integrated workflows through offerings such as Adobe Firefly and Adobe GenStudio. Revenue associated with the Creative and Marketing Professionals customer group consists of Digital Experience offerings as well as Creative Cloud flagship apps such as Photoshop, Lightroom and Illustrator within Digital Media.
By viewing the Digital Media and Digital Experience segments through this additional lens, we can more effectively execute on our long-term growth strategies. Our success will be achieved though continued acquisition and retention of our customer base by delivering valuable new features and technologies to customers with our latest releases, including generative AI capabilities to enhance creativity, productivity and marketing, and expanding availability of our offerings across an increasing number of surfaces.
As part of our customer-focused strategy, we utilize a data-driven operating model and tailored go-to-market motion to raise awareness of our products and drive customer acquisition, engagement and retention. Overall, our strategy is designed to increase our revenue with existing users, continue to attract new customers, and grow our recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized