learning programs including a wide range of traditional classroom, virtual and on-demand training and certifications delivered by our team of training professionals and partners across the globe.
These core offerings are complemented by our custom learning services, which support our largest enterprise customers and their unique requirements. Solution-specific skills assessments help our enterprise customers objectively assess the knowledge and competencies within their marketing teams and tailor their learning priorities accordingly.
Investments
From time to time, we make direct investments in privately held companies. We enter these investments with the intent of securing financial returns as well as for strategic purposes, as they often increase our knowledge of technological developments in the industry and expand our opportunities to provide Adobe products, services, and solutions.
RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT
With the speed of innovation and technological change that characterizes the software industry, a continuous high level of investment is required for the research and development of the cutting-edge technologies that lead to the development of new products, services and solutions and the continual enhancement of existing products, services and solutions. Our Adobe Research team of research scientists, engineers, artists and designers help turn ideas into technologies that power the future of our products, services and solutions. We are investing, and intend to continue to invest, in research and development to strengthen our existing products, services and solutions, and to expand our offerings across our clouds and the next generation of AI, machine learning and deep learning-driven tools and features to solve problems in areas such as content understanding and generation, recommendations, personalization and more.
In addition to our own research and development, we acquire products or technology developed by others by purchasing the stock or assets of the business entity that owns the technology. In other instances, we have licensed or purchased the intellectual property ownership rights of programs developed by others with license or technology transfer agreements that may obligate us to pay a flat license fee or royalties, typically based on a dollar amount per unit or a percentage of the revenue generated by those programs.
PROTECTING AND LICENSING OUR PRODUCTS
We protect our intellectual property through a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, foreign intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions. We have U.S. and international patents and pending applications that relate to various aspects of our products and technology. Although our patents have value, no single patent is essential to any of our principal businesses. We have also registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international trademarks, service marks, domain names and copyrights.
We license our