recently adopted accounting guidance during fiscal 2024 that are of significance or potential significance to us.
NOTE 2.
REVENUE
Segment Information
We report segment information based on the “management” approach. The management approach designates the internal reporting used by management for making decisions and assessing performance as the source of our reportable segments.
Our Chief Executive Officer, the chief operating decision maker, reviews revenue and gross margin information for each of our reportable segments, but does not review operating expenses on a segment by segment basis. In addition, with the exception of goodwill, we do not identify or allocate our assets by the reportable segments.
Our business is organized into the following reportable segments:
•
Digital Media
—Our Digital Media segment provides products and services that enable individuals, teams, businesses, and enterprises to create, publish and promote their content anywhere and accelerate their productivity by transforming how they view, share, engage with and collaborate on documents and creative content. Our customers include creative professionals, including photographers, video editors, graphic and experience designers and game developers; communicators, including content creators, students, marketers and knowledge workers; and consumers.
•
Digital Experience
—Our Digital Experience segment provides an integrated platform and set of products, services and solutions that enable businesses to create, manage, execute, measure, monetize and optimize customer experiences that span from analytics to commerce. Our customers include marketers, advertisers, agencies, publishers, merchandisers, merchants, web analysts, data scientists, developers and executives across the C-suite.
•
Publishing and Advertising
—Our Publishing and Advertising segment contains legacy products and services that address diverse market opportunities, including eLearning solutions, technical document publishing, web conferencing, document and forms platform, web app development, high-end printing and our Adobe Advertising offerings.
65
Table of Contents
ADOBE INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Our segment revenue and results for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:
We generally categorize revenue by geographic area based on where the customer manages their utilization of our offerings.
Revenue by geographic area for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:
Revenue by major offerings in our Digital Media reportable segment for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:
Subscription revenue by segment for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:
66
Table of Contents
ADOBE INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Contract Balances
Trade Receivables
A receivable is recorded when an unconditional right to invoice and receive payment exists, such that only the passage of time is required before payment of consideration is due. Timing of revenue