the Revolving Credit Agreement and the entire $1.5 billion credit line remains available for borrowing. Under the terms of our Revolving Credit Agreement, we are not prohibited from paying cash dividends unless payment would trigger an event of default or if one currently exists. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Commercial Paper Program
We have a commercial paper program under which we may issue unsecured commercial paper up to a total of $3 billion outstanding at any time, with maturities of up to 397 days from the date of issue. The net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, stock repurchases, refinancing indebtedness or any other general corporate purposes. As of February 28, 2025, there were no outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program.
Senior Notes
In January 2025, we issued $800 million of senior notes due January 17, 2028, $700 million of senior notes due January 17, 2030 and $500 million of senior notes due January 17, 2035. In total, we have $6.15 billion of senior notes outstanding, which rank equally with our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. During the three months ended February 28, 2025, we entered into interest rate swaps for certain of our senior notes that effectively convert the fixed interest rates on the notes to floating interest rates. As of February 28, 2025, the carrying value of our senior notes was $6.16 billion, net of fair value of the interest rate swaps and unamortized discount and debt issuance costs, and our maximum commitment for interest payments was $1.27 billion for the remaining duration of our outstanding senior notes and interest rate swaps. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually, in arrears, and interest on the swaps is payable quarterly. Our senior notes do not contain any financial covenants.
See Note 1
3
of our notes to condensed consolidated financial statements for further details regarding our debt.
Contractual Obligations
Our principal commitments as of February 28, 2025 consisted of purchase obligations resulting from agreements to purchase goods and services in the ordinary course of business and obligations under operating lease arrangements. Subsequent to February 28, 2025, we executed agreements associated with certain of our long-term supplier commitments that increased our minimum purchase obligations by approximately $1.3 billion through December 2029. There have been no other material changes in our purchase obligations during the three months ended February 28, 2025.
Stock Repurchase Program
To facilitate our stock repurchase program, designed to return value to our stockholders and minimize dilution from stock issuances, we may repurchase our shares in the open market or enter into structured repurchase agreements with third parties. In March 2024, our Board of Directors granted