to recover a portion of any future amounts paid.
50
Table of Contents
ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
All market risk sensitive instruments were entered into for non-trading purposes.
Foreign Currency Risk
Foreign Currency Exposures and Hedging Instruments
In countries outside the United States, we transact business in U.S. Dollars and various other currencies, which subject us to exposure from movements in exchange rates. We may use foreign exchange forward contracts and option contracts to hedge a portion of our forecasted foreign currency denominated revenue and expenses. Additionally, we hedge our net recognized foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities with foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce the risk that our earnings and cash flows will be adversely affected by changes in exchange rates.
Our significant foreign currency revenue exposures for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:
As of November 29, 2024, the total notional amounts of all outstanding foreign exchange contracts were $5.89 billion, which included the notional equivalent of $2.73 billion in Euros, $791 million in Japanese Yen, $714 million in British Pounds, $609 million in Indian Rupees, $585 million in Australian Dollars, $386 million in Canadian dollars and $76 million in other foreign currencies. As of November 29, 2024, all contracts were set to expire at various dates through September 2026. The bank counterparties in these contracts could expose us to credit-related losses that would be largely mitigated with master netting arrangements with the same counterparty by permitting net settlement transactions. In addition, we enter into collateral security agreements that provide for collateral to be received or posted when the net fair value of these contracts fluctuates from contractually established thresholds.
A sensitivity analysis was performed on all of our foreign exchange derivatives as of November 29, 2024. This sensitivity analysis measures the hypothetical market value resulting from a 10% shift in the value of exchange rates relative to the U.S. Dollar. A 10% increase in the value of the U.S. Dollar and a corresponding decrease in the value of the hedged foreign currency asset would lead to an increase in the fair value of our financial hedging instruments by $434 million. A 10% decrease in the value of the U.S. Dollar would lead to a decrease in the fair value of these financial instruments by $434 million.
As a general rule, we do not use foreign exchange contracts to hedge local currency denominated operating expenses in countries where a natural hedge exists. For example, in many countries, revenue in the local currencies substantially offsets the local currency denominated operating expenses. We also have long-term investment exposures consisting of the capitalization and retained earnings in our non-U.S. Dollar functional currency foreign subsidiaries. As of November 29, 2024 and December 1, 2023,