improve the quality of dialogue clips.
Adobe After Effects
Adobe After Effects is our industry-standard motion graphics and visual effects App used by a wide variety of animators, designers and compositors to create cinematic movie titles, add effects and create animations. With an AI-enhanced Roto Brush, users can cut out objects from footage faster and more accurately than ever. After Effects works together seamlessly with other Adobe Apps such as Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Audition, as well as third party software and hardware partners.
Adobe InDesign
Adobe InDesign is a design and layout App for print and digital media. Our customers use it to create, preflight and publish a broad range of content including books, eBooks, digital magazines, posters and interactive PDFs for print, online and tablet App delivery. Integrations with other Adobe Apps such as Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Stock, Adobe Firefly, Adobe InCopy and Adobe Experience Manager expands InDesign’s capabilities and allows our customers to collaborate and share content, fonts and graphics across projects. Our customers can also access Adobe’s digital publishing capabilities from within InDesign to create and publish engaging Apps for a broad range of surfaces.
Adobe Express
Adobe Express is our all-in-one AI content creation App for users of any level, such as novice content creators and communicators, to easily create video, marketing, and social content. Users can easily design high-impact design elements, engaging videos and images, resumes, PDFs, animation and content ready for Instagram, TikTok and other social channels and platforms. The App features guided tools, one-click solutions for quick projects, simple drag and drop functions, collaboration tools, thousands of templates and access to more than 20,000 fonts and the entire Adobe Stock photo collection, and allows users to easily plan, schedule, preview, and publish content all from one place. Adobe Firefly integrated into Adobe Express makes it possible to quickly generate custom images and text effects from text prompts in over 100 languages and is designed to be commercially safe. Also available in Adobe GenStudio and Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing, Adobe Express allows marketers to quickly resize and reformat assets to create content variations for any channel. Adobe Express is available on mobile devices and the web. With Adobe Express, Creative Cloud subscribers can easily access, edit and work with creative assets from Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator directly, or add linked files into Adobe Express that always stay in sync across Apps.
Adobe Firefly, Adobe Firefly Services and Custom Models
Adobe Firefly is our family of creative generative AI models and standalone web App for exploring AI-assisted creative expression. Firefly’s foundation generative AI models allow users to generate images, text effects, design templates, and