partnering with third-party AI models and large language models to further expand the capabilities of our products. We expanded Adobe Firefly with the launch of Adobe Firefly Services, which help organizations automate content production; Custom Models, which enable enterprises to train and customize models to support brand consistency amongst creative and marketing teams; Firefly Video Model (public beta), which enables generative text-to-video and image-to-video; and Firefly Image 3 Foundation Model, which allows for faster and higher-quality image generations. Developing our own foundation models enables us to design Firefly to be commercially safe and in line with our AI Ethics principles of accountability, responsibility and transparency.
We continue to pursue ways to inspire, empower and connect the creative community and support live, interactive tutorials with creators. Additionally, with Adobe GenStudio and Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing, a generative AI-first product that natively integrates Digital Media and Digital Experience offerings, we help enterprises to quickly create on-brand content variations and accelerate their marketing workflows. Further descriptions of our Digital Media products are included below under “Principal Products, Services and Solutions.”
In our Creative Cloud business, we employ our product-led growth strategy to minimize the friction of customer interactions and drive positive product experiences, which results in increasing adoption, usage, conversion, expansion and loyalty. We also continue to employ a pricing strategy, as appropriate, to migrate our customers to higher-value offerings as well as attract past customers and potential customers to try out our products and ultimately subscribe. We use a data-driven operating model and our Adobe Experience Cloud solutions to drive and optimize customer awareness, engagement and licensing of our creative products and services at every stop of the customer journey through our website and across other channels. Adobe.com is the central destination where we engage individual and small business customers to sign up for and renew Creative Cloud subscriptions. Our customers have the flexibility to subscribe to over twenty of our Creative Cloud products through a single subscription or, for many of our Apps, through various collections of our individual subscriptions to point products. To better serve our current users and potential users, we offer free and premium levels for certain Apps and targeted packages and suites. Further, our generative AI capabilities are increasing the value of our existing subscription products, expanding our potential customer base and increasing engagement and retention through Generative Credits—credits that provide users and subscribers the ability to generate content with Adobe Firefly. The collaboration features across many of our products help us to further expand our universe of customers beyond creative professionals to