proof-of-concept evaluation cycles and engage in more extensive contract negotiations. In addition, our enterprise customers often demand more complex configurations and additional integration services and product features. Adverse macroeconomic conditions have caused, and may continue to cause, additional spend scrutiny and delays in our enterprise customers’ purchasing decisions. Due to these factors, we often must devote greater sales support to certain enterprise customers, which increases our costs and time required to complete a sale, without assurance that potential customers will ultimately purchase our solutions. We also may be required to devote more services resources to implementation, which increases our costs, without assurance that customers receiving these services will renew or renew at the same level. Since the sales cycles for our enterprise offerings are multi-phased and complex, it is often unpredictable when a given sales cycle will close. Our revenue from enterprise customers may be affected by longer-than-expected sales, contract negotiation and implementation cycles, extended collection cycles, potential deferral of revenue and alternative licensing arrangements. Additionally, our enterprise sales pattern has historically been, and is expected to remain, uneven, where a higher percentage of a quarter’s total sales occur during the final weeks of each quarter, which is common in our industry.
If we are unable to recruit and retain key personnel, our business may be harmed, and our hybrid work model may present challenges, which could adversely impact our business.
Much of our future success depends on the continued service, availability and performance of our senior management and highly skilled personnel across all levels of our organization. Our senior management has acquired specialized knowledge and skills with respect to our business, and the loss of any of these individuals could harm our business, especially if we are not successful in developing adequate succession plans. Our efforts to attract, develop, integrate and retain highly skilled employees may be compounded by intensified restrictions on immigration or the availability of work visas. The technology industry has been and may continue to be subject to substantial and continuous competition for talent, particularly with AI and cybersecurity backgrounds, and demand for cutting-edge or unique skill sets may continue to be highly competitive, both of which are heightened with hybrid or remote working arrangements. Our hybrid work environment may also present operational, security and workplace culture challenges, which could negatively affect our ability to execute against our business objectives and retain and recruit personnel.
We have experienced, and may continue to experience, higher compensation costs to retain and recruit senior management or highly skilled personnel that may not be offset by innovation, improved productivity or increased sales. We