referred the case to the Department of Justice (the “DOJ”), and on June 17, 2024, the DOJ filed a civil complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, naming Adobe and certain of our employees as defendants. The complaint alleges that Adobe failed to clearly and conspicuously disclose material terms, failed to obtain express informed consent and failed to provide a simple cancellation mechanism regarding our disclosure and subscription cancellation practices in violation of ROSCA and the FTC Act. The DOJ is seeking injunctive relief, civil penalties, equitable monetary relief and other relief. On October 7, 2024, we filed a motion to dismiss the DOJ’s civil complaint, and that motion was fully briefed as of December 23, 2024. The defense or resolution of this matter could involve significant monetary costs or penalties and have a significant impact on our financial results and operations. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in negotiating a favorable settlement or in litigation. Any remedies or compliance requirements could adversely affect our ability to operate our business or have a materially adverse impact on our financial results. At this stage, we are unable to estimate a reasonably possible financial loss or range of any potential financial loss, if any, as a result of this litigation.
On October 20, 2023, a securities class action captioned Pembroke Pines Firefighters & Police Officers Pension Fund et al v. Adobe, Inc. et al, renamed as In Re Adobe Inc. Securities Litigation, Case No. 1:23-cv-09260, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (the “Securities Action”) naming Adobe and certain of our current and former officers as defendants. The Securities Action purports to be brought on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s stock between July 23, 2021 and September 22, 2022 (the “Class Period”). The complaint, which was amended on February 23, 2024, alleges that certain public statements made by Adobe during the Class Period related to competition from Figma and the adequacy of Adobe’s existing offerings to counter harms Adobe may have faced due to Figma’s growing market position were materially false and misleading. The Securities Action seeks unspecified compensatory damages, attorneys’ fees and costs, and extraordinary equitable and/or injunctive relief. We filed a motion to dismiss the Securities Action, which was fully briefed as of May 23, 2024.
On November 16, 2023, a shareholder derivative action captioned Shah v. Narayen et al, Case No. 1:23-cv-01315, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware (the “Shah Action”), purportedly on behalf of Adobe. On January 3, 2024, a second shareholder derivative action captioned Gervat v. Narayen et al, Case No. 1:24-cv-00006, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware (the “Gervat Action”), purportedly on behalf of Adobe. On January 24, 2024, the Court