authority to repurchase up to $25 billion in our common stock through March 14, 2028.
During the three months ended February 28, 2025, we entered into stock repurchase arrangements with a large financial institution and made payments totaling $3.25 billion to repurchase shares. Subsequent to February 28, 2025, as part of the March 2024 stock repurchase authority, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement (“ASR”) with a large financial institution whereupon we provided them with a prepayment of $3.5 billion. Upon completion of this $3.5 billion ASR, $10.9 billion remains under our March 2024 stock repurchase authority.
See Note 1
0
of our notes to condensed consolidated financial statements for further details regarding our stock repurchase program.
35
Table of Contents
Indemnifications
In the ordinary course of business, we provide indemnifications of varying scope to our customers and channel partners against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third parties arising from the use of our products and from time to time, we are subject to claims by our customers under these indemnification provisions. Historically, costs related to these indemnification provisions have not been significant and we are unable to estimate the maximum potential impact of these indemnification provisions on our future results of operations.
To the extent permitted under Delaware law, we have agreements whereby we indemnify our officers and directors for certain events or occurrences while the officer or director is or was serving at our request in such capacity. The indemnification period covers all pertinent events and occurrences during the officer’s or director’s lifetime. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, we have director and officer insurance coverage that reduces our exposure and enables us to recover a portion of any future amounts paid.
ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Interest Rate Risk
Senior Notes
In January 2025, we entered into interest rate swaps related to certain of our senior notes that effectively convert the fixed interest rates to floating interest rates based on SOFR OIS plus a fixed number of basis points through their respective par call dates. Accordingly, our exposure to fluctuations in market interest rates is on the hedged fixed-rate debt of $1.20 billion. As of February 28, 2025, an immediate hypothetical 50 basis point increase or decrease in market interest rates would not have a significant impact on our results of operations.
There have been no other material changes in our market risk exposures for the three months ended February 28, 2025, as compared to those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 29, 2024.
ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Based on their evaluation as of February 28, 2025, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief