include Generative Fill, Generative Expand, Generate Similar and Generate Background, which allow our customers to use text prompts to quickly create, add to, remove, duplicate or replace images, or expand the borders of an existing image with AI-generated content without leaving Adobe Photoshop; the Adjustment Brush Tool, which combines the traditional workflow of selecting, masking, and applying an adjustment into one step, simplifying the way of making local adjustments; and Distraction Removal smart technology to help remove people, wires, poles and other distractions from images. Adobe Lightroom is our cloud-based photo App that allows subscribers to edit, organize, store and share photos across desktop, tablet, mobile devices and the web. Features include Lens Blur to blur the background or foreground by making a depth map of the photo using AI; the Denoise feature to remove noise in RAW photos; People Masking features to automatically select and edit facial hair and clothing; and Generative Remove, which uses Adobe Firefly to remove unwanted objects and distractions in a photo. In addition to individual subscriptions to Photoshop and Lightroom, we offer a Photography Plan, which is a more limited cloud-based offering than Creative Cloud, targeted at photographers and photo enthusiasts and includes Photoshop, Lightroom and Lightroom Classic.
10
Table of Contents
Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Fresco
Adobe Illustrator is our industry-standard vector graphics App for desktop and iPad used worldwide by designers of all types who want to create digital graphics and illustrations for all kinds of media—print, web, interactive, video and mobile—from web and mobile graphics to product packaging to book illustrations and billboards. Features include Adobe Firefly-powered Generative Recolor, which enables users to generate different color palettes using text prompts and apply them to their illustrations; Objects on Path to empower users to quickly attach, arrange and move an object along any path of their art board; and Enhanced Image Trace to make it easier and faster to convert images to vectors. Adobe Fresco is our free illustration App, available on various surfaces, that brings together the world’s largest collection of vector and raster brushes and AI-powered Live Brushes to deliver a natural painting and drawing experience.
Adobe Premiere Pro
Adobe Premiere Pro is a nonlinear video editing App used by filmmakers, TV editors, YouTubers and videographers. Our customers can import and combine various types of media, from video shot on a mobile device to 8K to virtual reality, and then edit in its native format without transcoding. Automated tools and workflows for color, graphics, audio and immersive 360/VR make the editing process more efficient. Premiere Pro offers Text-Based Editing, which allows our customers to review transcripts or search for keywords to find and edit the right content faster and AI-powered Enhance Speech to remove noise and