our products for Data Insights and Audiences.
Adobe Analytics
Adobe Analytics helps our customers create a holistic view of their business by turning their customer interactions into actionable insights. Driven by AI and machine learning, Adobe Analytics collects, organizes and structures vast streams of data from virtually any channel, including streaming web data, to deliver real-time insights that are easy for our customers to process, analyze and share to quickly identify problems and opportunities and to drive conversion and relevant customer experiences. Our customers can use these analytics to continuously improve marketing activities and better direct their marketing spend. Our Analysis Workspace features a drag-and-drop interface that allows our customers to craft an analysis, add visualizations so they can bring data to life, curate a dataset and share and schedule projects across their organization, among other features.
Adobe Customer Journey Analytics
Adobe Customer Journey Analytics brings a powerful set of analytics tools that allow our customers to interactively explore and visualize the end-to-end customer journey across multiple channels and utilize AI-powered insights, while making such analytics more accessible across their organization, to ensure that customer journeys flow seamlessly regardless of channel.
Adobe Product Analytics
Adobe Product Analytics enables product teams to self-serve data and insights about their product experience through guided analysis workflows built on cross-channel data from Adobe Customer Journey Analytics. This cross-functional analytics suite allows product teams to partner closely with their marketing and customer experience counterparts to coordinate and deliver more personalized customer experiences across all channels using a single source of data, audience, and metrics. Adobe Product Analytics has native integrations across Adobe Experience Platform, including integrations with Adobe Journey Optimizer and Adobe Real-Time Customer Data Platform that allow product owners to act immediately by publishing real-time audiences for activation.
Adobe Mix Modeler
Adobe Mix Modeler is a self-serve, AI-powered solution that helps organizations measure, optimize, and plan marketing investments. Adobe Mix Modeler applies machine learning models that provide insights via cross-channel, summary datasets in Adobe Experience Platform on the historic and future impact of marketing investments on key business goals. This holistic understanding of the top-to-bottom impact of campaigns enables marketers to measure, plan, monitor, and adjust all marketing campaigns in a single App.
Adobe Real-Time Customer Data Platform
Adobe Real-Time Customer Data Platform is an App service that delivers real-time personalization at scale to enable our customers to bring together and securely collaborate on their first-party customer data to activate in real-time their customer and account profiles that allow for B2B and B2C