and OEMs. We also perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’ financial condition and require letters of credit or other guarantees, whenever deemed necessary. The credit limit given to the customer is based on our risk assessment of their ability to pay, country risk and other factors and is not contingent on the resale of the product or on the collection of payments from their customers. Certain contracts with advertising agencies contain sequential liability provisions, under which the agency is not required to pay until payment is received from the agency’s customers. In these circumstances, we evaluate the credit-worthiness of the agency’s customers in addition to the agency itself. If we license our software or provide SaaS services to a customer where we have a reason to believe the customer’s ability and intention to pay is not probable, the arrangement is not considered to be a revenue contract. Accordingly, we will not recognize any consideration received as revenue until termination or substantive completion of the services.
64
Table of Contents
ADOBE INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Effective
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the “FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting, which expands annual and interim disclosure requirements for reportable segments, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The updated standard is effective for our annual periods beginning in fiscal 2025 and interim periods beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2026. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the updated standard will have on our financial statement disclosures.
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes, which prescribes standardized categories and disaggregation of information in the reconciliation of provision for income taxes, requires disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, and modifies other income tax-related disclosure requirements. The updated standard is effective for us beginning with our fiscal year 2026 annual reporting period. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the updated standard will have on our financial statement disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures, which requires additional disclosure of certain costs and expenses within the notes to the financial statements. The updated standard is effective for our annual periods beginning in fiscal 2028 and interim periods beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2029. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the updated standard will have on our financial statement disclosures.
There have been no other recent accounting pronouncements, changes in accounting pronouncements or