our products, services and solutions, including unauthorized use of accounts through stolen credentials, use of stolen credit cards or other payment vehicles, failure to pay for services accessed, or other activities that
40
Table of Contents
violate our terms of service. While we actively combat such fraudulent activities, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, impacts to our revenue from such activities.
Maintaining the security of our products, services and solutions is a critical issue for us and our customers. We devote significant resources to address security vulnerabilities through various methods, including, but not limited to, engineering more secure products, enhancing security and reliability features in our products and systems, regularly reviewing our service providers’ security controls, and continually assessing and improving, as appropriate, our incident response process. However, it is impossible to accurately predict the extent, frequency or impact cybersecurity issues may have on us, and our security measures do not provide full effective protection from all such events. The costs to prevent, eliminate, mitigate or remediate cybersecurity or other security problems and vulnerabilities are significant and may reduce our margins. Breaches of our security measures and the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unauthorized dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive, personal or confidential data about us, our employees, our customers or their end users, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data have in the past, and could in the future, expose us, our employees, our customers or other individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information. Further, our efforts to address these problems, including notifying affected third parties when appropriate, have in the past been, and may in the future be, unsuccessful or delayed, which could result in business interruptions, cessation of service, loss of existing or potential customers and reputational harm. Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities or incidents have resulted in, and may result in additional, claims or litigation and liability or fines, costly and time-intensive notice requirements, governmental inquiry or oversight or a loss of customer confidence, any of which could harm our business and damage our brand and reputation. Our customers may also adopt security measures to protect their computer systems and their instances of our software from attack and may suffer a cybersecurity breach on their own systems, unrelated to our systems. Even if such breach is unrelated to our security systems, solutions or programs, such breach could cause us reputational harm and require us to incur significant economic and operational consequences to adequately assess and respond to their breach, and to implement additional safeguards designed to protect against future breaches.
While we maintain insurance to cover