impact our estimates. We do not estimate variable consideration for our sales and usage-based license royalty agreements, consistent with the associated exception for sales and usage-based royalties for the license of intellectual property under the revenue recognition standard.
Property and Equipment
We record property and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Property and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, generally as follows:
3
to
20
years for computers and other equipment, which includes our corporate jet,
5
years for furniture and fixtures,
15
years for building improvements and
35
years for buildings. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the lesser of the remaining respective lease term or estimated useful life of the asset.
Leases
We determine if an arrangement is or contains a lease at contract inception. In certain of our lease arrangements, primarily those related to our data center arrangements, judgment is required in determining if a contract contains a lease. For these arrangements, there is judgment in evaluating if the arrangement involves an identified asset that is physically distinct or whether we have the right to substantially all of the capacity of an identified asset that is not physically distinct. In arrangements that involve an identified asset, there is also judgment in evaluating if we have the right to direct the use of that asset.
We do not have any finance leases. Operating leases are recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are measured at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the remaining lease payments over the lease term, determined using the discount rate for the lease at the commencement date. Because the rate implicit in our leases is not readily determinable, we use our incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate, which approximates the interest rate at which we could borrow on a collateralized basis with similar terms and payments and in similar economic environments. Our lease terms include optional periods to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. We generally account for lease and non-lease components, principally common area maintenance for our facilities leases, as a single lease component for our facilities and data center leases.
In accordance with accounting requirements, leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are recorded on the balance sheet, with lease expense for these leases recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Goodwill, Intangibles and Other Long-Lived Assets
Goodwill is assigned to one or more reporting units on the date of acquisition. We review our goodwill for impairment annually during our second quarter of each fiscal year and