which could adversely impact our business.
Much of our future success depends on the continued service, availability and performance of our senior management and highly skilled personnel across all levels of our organization. Our senior management has acquired specialized knowledge and skills with respect to our business, and the loss of any of these individuals could harm our business, especially if we are not successful in developing adequate succession plans. Our efforts to attract, develop, integrate and retain highly skilled employees may be compounded by intensified restrictions on immigration or the availability of work visas. The technology industry has been and may continue to be subject to substantial and continuous competition for talent, particularly with AI and cybersecurity backgrounds, and demand for cutting-edge or unique skill sets may continue to be highly competitive, both of which are heightened with hybrid or remote working arrangements. Our hybrid work environment may also present operational, security and workplace culture challenges, which could negatively affect our ability to execute against our business objectives and retain and recruit personnel. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, higher compensation costs to retain and recruit senior management or highly skilled personnel that may not be offset by innovation, improved productivity or increased sales. We continue to hire personnel in countries where exceptional technical knowledge and other expertise are offered at lower costs, which increases the efficiency of our global workforce structure and reduces our personnel-related expenditures. Nonetheless, as globalization continues, competition for talent in those countries has increased, which may impact our ability to retain these employees and increase our compensation-related expenses.
Risks Related to Laws and Regulations
We are, and may in the future become, subject to litigation, regulatory inquiries and other claims, which could result in an unfavorable outcome and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows.
We are, and may in the future become, subject to various legal proceedings (including class action lawsuits), claims, negotiations and regulatory inquiries and additional claims, enforcement actions and inquiries may arise in the future, such as those relating to antitrust, data privacy and security, consumer protection, product liability and the validity or alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, including patent rights, among others. Such activity has increased over time with evolving regulatory landscapes and as our products, services and solutions have become more available to, and used by, more enterprises and consumers. For example, there is an increase in enforcement activity in connection with federal and state consumer protection laws, including some suits which seek civil penalties. Any proceedings,