estimated; or (c) such estimate is immaterial.
All legal costs associated with litigation are expensed as incurred. Litigation is inherently unpredictable. However, we believe that we have valid defenses with respect to the legal matters pending against us. It is possible, nevertheless, that our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be negatively affected by an unfavorable resolution of one or more of such proceedings, claims or investigations.
Since June 2022, we have been cooperating with the Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”) staff in response to a Civil Investigative Demand seeking information regarding our disclosure and subscription cancellation practices relative to the Restore Online Shoppers’ Confidence Act (“ROSCA”). In November 2023, the FTC staff asserted that they had the authority to enter into consent negotiations to determine if a settlement regarding their investigation of these issues could be reached. On March 20, 2024, we were informed that the FTC had voted to authorize a filing of the case. The FTC then referred the case to the Department of Justice (the “DOJ”), and on June 17, 2024, the DOJ filed a civil complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, naming Adobe and certain of our employees as defendants. The complaint alleges that Adobe failed to clearly and conspicuously disclose material terms, failed to obtain express informed consent and failed to provide a simple cancellation mechanism regarding our disclosure and subscription cancellation practices in violation of ROSCA and the FTC Act. The DOJ is seeking injunctive relief, civil penalties, equitable monetary relief and other relief. On October 7, 2024, we filed a motion to dismiss the DOJ’s civil complaint, and that motion was fully briefed as of December 23, 2024. The defense or resolution of this matter could involve significant monetary costs or penalties and have a significant impact on our financial results and operations. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in negotiating a favorable settlement or in litigation. Any remedies or compliance requirements could adversely affect our ability to operate our business or have a materially adverse impact on our financial results. At this stage, we are unable to estimate a reasonably possible financial loss or range of any potential financial loss, if any, as a result of this litigation.
86
Table of Contents
ADOBE INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
On October 20, 2023, a securities class action captioned Pembroke Pines Firefighters & Police Officers Pension Fund et al v. Adobe, Inc. et al, renamed as In Re Adobe Inc. Securities Litigation, Case No. 1:23-cv-09260, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (the “Securities Action”) naming Adobe and certain of our current and former officers as defendants. The Securities Action purports to be brought on behalf of