provide incentives for employees, officers and directors, and to align stockholder and employee interests. We have the following stock-based compensation plans and programs:
Restricted Stock Units and Performance Share Programs
We grant restricted stock units and performance share awards to eligible employees under our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (“2019 Plan”). Restricted stock units generally vest over
four years
. Certain grants have other vesting periods approved by the Executive Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors (the “ECC”).
As of November 29, 2024, we had reserved
69.0
million shares of our common stock for issuance under our 2019 Plan and had
34.3
million shares available for grant.
Our Performance Share Programs aim to help focus key employees on building stockholder value, provide significant award potential for achieving outstanding company performance and enhance our ability to attract and retain highly talented and competent individuals. The ECC approves the terms of each of our Performance Share Programs, including the award calculation methodology. In January 2024, the ECC approved the 2024 Performance Share Program.
Shares outstanding under our 2024, 2023 and 2022 Performance Share Programs may be earned based on the achievement of (i) an objective relative total stockholder return measured over a
three-year
performance period, as well as (ii) revenue-based financial metrics measured over
three
one-year
performance periods. Each type of performance goal is weighted
50
% and achievement of each performance goal is determined independently of the other. Shares associated with each performance goal are not awarded until the corresponding performance targets are defined.
Performance share awards in each of our 2024, 2023 and 2022 Performance Share Programs will cliff-vest upon the later of (i) the
three
-year anniversary of the earliest vesting commencement date in the respective Performance Share Program, or (ii) the ECC's certification of the level of achievement of the final performance period in the respective Performance Share Program, contingent upon the participant’s continued service. Participants can earn between
0
% and
200
% of the target number of performance shares.
As of November 29, 2024, the shares awarded under our 2024, 2023 and 2022 Performance Share Programs remained outstanding and unvested.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) allows eligible employee participants to purchase shares of our common stock at a discount through payroll deductions. The ESPP consists of
twenty-four
-month offering periods with
four
six
-month purchase periods in each offering period. Employees purchase shares in each purchase period at
85
% of the market value of our common stock at either the beginning of the offering period or the end of the purchase period, whichever price is lower. If the market value of our common stock at the end of a purchase period is lower than the market value at