and include AI-driven insights, allowing a brand to deliver the right customer experiences across channels and deliver true one-to-one personalization. This open architecture offers scalability with a wide variety of supporting products and services and empowers businesses to quickly develop innovative Apps to interact with their customers and enables a broad industry ecosystem.
To drive growth of Adobe Experience Cloud, we focus on delivering on-brand, customer engagement, growth within existing customer accounts, product differentiation and the best customer experience management solutions for B2B and B2C buyers across enterprise and mid-market segments. We intend to pursue growth through a scaled go-to-market approach focused on C-suite partnerships, transformational accounts, continued customer acquisition, customer value realization and solution expansion. We utilize a direct sales force to market and license our Experience Cloud solutions, as well as an extensive ecosystem of partners, including marketing agencies, systems integrators and independent software vendors that help license and deploy our solutions to their customers. We also maintain several strategic partnerships with other technology companies that allow us to increase our market reach. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all these routes to market and believe these investments will result in continued growth in revenue in our Digital Experience segment in fiscal 2025 and beyond.
Publishing and Advertising
Our Publishing and Advertising segment contains legacy products and services that address diverse market opportunities including eLearning solutions, technical document publishing, web conferencing, document and forms platform, web App development, high-end printing and our Adobe Advertising offerings. Graphics professionals and professional publishers continue to require quality, reliability and efficiency in production printing, and our Adobe PostScript and Adobe PDF printing technologies provide advanced functionality to meet the sophisticated requirements of this marketplace. As high-end printing systems evolve and transition to fully digital, composite workflows, we believe we are well positioned to be a supplier of software and technology based on the Adobe PostScript and Adobe PDF standards for this industry.
Adobe Advertising delivers an end-to-end, demand-side platform for managing advertising across digital formats and simplifies the delivery of video, display and search advertising across channels and screens.
We generate revenue in our legacy Publishing products and services by licensing our technology to original equipment manufacturers that manufacture workflow software, printers and other output devices, and we generally generate revenue in Advertising through usage-based offerings.
COMPETITION
Overview
We participate in a rapidly evolving, highly competitive global environment, where our competitors vary by industry and range