shares at contract inception representing a portion of the prepayment. Upon final settlement of this ASR in September 2024, we received an incremental delivery of 1.0 million shares of our common stock. Under this ASR, we repurchased a total of 4.6 million shares at an average price of $546.30.
(3)
In September 2024, we entered into an ASR with a large financial institution whereupon we provided them with a prepayment of $2.5 billion and received an initial delivery of 3.6 million shares of our common stock at contract inception, representing a portion of the prepayment. Subsequent to November 29, 2024, this ASR was settled which resulted in total repurchases of 5.0 million shares at an average price of $501.37.
ITEM 6.  [RESERVED]
37
Table of Contents
ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto. Discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 is included in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 1, 2023, filed with the SEC on January 17, 2024.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
In preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, we make assumptions, judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our assumptions, judgments and estimates on historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We evaluate our assumptions, judgments and estimates on a regular basis. We also discuss our critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
We believe that the assumptions, judgments and estimates involved in the accounting for revenue recognition and income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. These areas are key components of our results of operations and are based on complex rules requiring us to make judgments and estimates, and consequently, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies. Historically, our assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to our critical accounting policies have not differed materially from actual results.
Revenue Recognition
Our contracts with customers may include multiple goods and services. For example, some of our offerings include both on-premise and/or on-device software licenses and cloud services. Determining whether the software licenses and the cloud services are distinct from each other, and therefore performance