first, task-based creativity with Adobe Express; enabling seamless collaboration across all stakeholders; inspiring the creative community through sharing and monetization; and expanding the user base of our tools through the infusion of AI into our products, services and solutions to enable users of any skill level to easily and efficiently create content.
Our Digital Media segment includes our Adobe Document Cloud business, a unified, cloud-based document services platform that integrates Adobe’s pioneering PDF technology with our Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Scan and Adobe Acrobat Sign Apps to deliver fully digital document workflows across all surfaces. We have the opportunity to continue to accelerate document productivity with Adobe Document Cloud and transform how people view, share, collaborate, and engage with documents. Trillions of PDF documents are created every year, reflecting the important role PDF plays globally. There are hundreds of millions of users who engage with PDF files on a daily basis in industries such as legal, financial services, and publishing, as well as a broad array of communicators and Adobe Acrobat Reader customers who use the expanded capabilities provided by our Acrobat Apps and the document services platform in Adobe Document Cloud.
4
Table of Contents
Strategy
Our goal for our Digital Media business is to be a leading platform for creativity and digital document solutions, where we offer a range of products and services that allow anyone to design and deliver content seamlessly. We aim to achieve this goal by using data-driven customer engagement, driving product-led growth to allow our customers to create content and interact with documents in ways that are more frictionless, efficient and accessible, and meeting our customers’ needs holistically to increase the value they derive from our services.
We are redefining the creative process with Adobe Creative Cloud to unleash everyone’s ability to imagine and express ideas. We are empowering enterprises and users beyond creative professionals, such as novice content creators and communicators, to create, edit, schedule and share content quickly and easily using Adobe Express, which makes select capabilities from products like Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Premiere Pro and Adobe Acrobat easy to use for users at any level. With Adobe Acrobat Pro, subscribers have full convert and edit capabilities, advanced e-signature features including bulk send and custom branding, advanced protection and additional PDF features. We continue to add collaboration capabilities into our flagship products, Apps and workflows, and to infuse AI into our creative Apps to help our customers and users work faster and smarter, with new models for images and vector graphics, and AI-powered video features natively integrated into our flagship products. We are building our own foundation models in areas where we have domain expertise and which we believe are most relevant to our customers, and