actions, claims or inquiries initiated by or against us, whether successful or not, may be highly time consuming; result in costly litigation, damage awards, consent decrees, injunctive relief or increased costs of business; require us to change our business practices or products; result in negative publicity; require significant amounts of management time; result in the diversion of significant operational resources; or otherwise harm our business and financial results.
Disputes and litigation can be complex and are typically costly and can be disruptive to our business operations by diverting the attention of management and key personnel. For example, third-party intellectual property disputes, including those initiated by patent assertion entities, could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable terms, prevent us from offering certain products, services or solutions, subject us to injunctions restricting our sales, cause severe disruptions to our operations or the markets in which we compete, or require us to satisfy
29
Table of Contents
indemnification commitments with our customers, including contractual provisions under various license arrangements and service agreements. In addition, we have incurred, and may in the future incur, significant costs in acquiring the necessary third-party intellectual property rights for use in our products, in some cases to fulfill contractual obligations with our customers. Any of these occurrences could significantly harm our business.
We have not prevailed, and may not in the future prevail, in every lawsuit or dispute.
F
or further information about specific litigation and proceedings, see the section titled “Legal Proceedings” contained in Part II, Item 8, Note
16
of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this report.
We are subject to risks associated with compliance with laws and regulations globally, which may harm our business.
We are a global company subject to varied and complex laws, regulations and customs, both domestically and internationally. These local, state, federal and international laws and regulations relate to a number of aspects of our business, including trade laws such as import and export controls, anti-boycott, economic sanctions and embargoes, data and transaction processing security, payment card industry data security standards, consumer protection, records management, user-generated content hosted on websites we operate, privacy practices, data residency, AI regulations, corporate governance, antitrust and competition, employee and third-party complaints, anti-corruption, conflicts of interest, securities regulations and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment. The application of these laws and regulations to our business is often unclear and evolving, and may at times conflict. Further, we are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption and