subject to applicable cure periods, any outstanding debt may be declared immediately due and payable.
In addition, changes by any rating agency to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities, as well as the potential costs associated with a refinancing of our debt. Under certain circumstances, if our credit ratings are downgraded or other negative action is taken, the interest rate payable by us under our revolving credit agreement could increase. Downgrades in our credit ratings could also restrict our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and affect the terms of any such financing.
General Risk Factors
Catastrophic events, including events associated with climate change, may disrupt our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
Our business relies on our network infrastructure and enterprise Apps, internal technology systems and websites. A disruption, infiltration or failure of our systems, data centers or operations, or those of our third-party service providers due to a major earthquake, other natural disasters, including climate-related events (such as drought, water security, heat waves, cold waves, wildfires and poor air quality), power shutoff or loss, telecommunications failure, epidemic, pandemic, war, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event, could cause interruptions to our systems and business operations, damage to critical infrastructure, loss of intellectual property, data security breaches and data loss. Our corporate headquarters, significant research and development activity, certain of our data centers and other critical business operations are in the San Francisco Bay Area and the Salt Lake Valley Area, both of which are near major earthquake faults. Climate-related catastrophic events that may harm our business are also increasing in frequency and severity. A catastrophic event, particularly one that may disrupt our data centers or our critical activities, could prevent us from conducting normal business operations and providing our products, services and solutions, which could adversely affect our business. A catastrophic event could negatively impact a country or region in which we sell and, in turn, decrease demand for our products, services and solutions, which could negatively impact our business.
47
Table of Contents
Laws, regulations, executive orders and policies relating to environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) matters are expanding globally. We may be subject to additional climate-related regulations and reporting requirements in the future, as well as changing market dynamics and stakeholder expectations regarding climate change and our environmental impacts. Compliance with such regulations and investments in our ESG commitments may involve significant costs and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, we may be subject to legal