of $2.48 billion for the three months ended February 28, 2025 was primarily comprised of net income adjusted for the net effect of non-cash items. Working capital sources of cash included increases in deferred revenue, offset by increases in prepaid expenses and other assets.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Net cash used for investing activities of $484 million for the three months ended February 28, 2025 was primarily due to purchases of short-term investments, net of proceeds from the maturities and sales of short-term investments.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Net cash used for financing activities of $2.84 billion for the three months ended February 28, 2025 was primarily due to payments for our common stock repurchases and repayment of our 1.90% 2025 Notes and 3.25% 2025 Notes. These uses of cash were offset in part by proceeds from the issuance of senior notes.
See the sections titled “Senior Notes” and “Stock Repurchase Program” below.
Liquidity and Capital Resources Considerations
Our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances may fluctuate during fiscal 2025 due to changes in our planned cash outlay.
Cash from operations could also be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, risks detailed in the section titled “Risk Factors” in titled Part II, Item 1A of this report. Based on our current business plan and revenue prospects, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances, our anticipated cash flows from operations and our available revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital, operating resource expenditure and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months and for the foreseeable future.
Our cash equivalent and short-term investment portfolio as of February 28, 2025 consisted of money market funds, corporate debt securities, U.S. Treasury securities, time deposits, U.S. agency securities and asset-backed securities. We use professional investment management firms to manage a large portion of our invested cash.
34
Table of Contents
We expect to continue our investing activities, including short-term and long-term investments, purchases of computer and server hardware to operate our network infrastructure, sales and marketing, product support and administrative staff. Furthermore, cash reserves may be used to repurchase stock under our stock repurchase program and to strategically acquire companies, products or technologies that are complementary to our business.
Revolving Credit Agreement
We have a $1.5 billion senior unsecured revolving credit agreement (the “Revolving Credit Agreement”) with a syndicate of lenders, providing for loans to us and certain of our subsidiaries through June 30, 2027. Subject to the agreement of lenders, we may obtain up to an additional $500 million in commitments, for a maximum aggregate commitment of $2 billion. As of February 28, 2025, there were no outstanding borrowings under