services. Non-cancellable and non-refundable committed funds related to these agreements comprised approximately
4
% of the total deferred revenue.
As of November 29, 2024, the balance of deferred revenue was $
6.26
billion. During the three months ended February 28, 2025, approximately $
2.88
billion of revenue, respectively, was recognized that was included in the balance of deferred revenue as of November 29, 2024.
Transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. As of February 28, 2025, remaining performance obligations were approximately $
19.69
billion. Non-cancellable and non-refundable funds related to some of our enterprise customer agreements referred to above comprised approximately
4
% of the total remaining performance obligations. Approximately
67
% of the remaining performance obligations, excluding the aforementioned enterprise customer agreements, are expected to be recognized over the next 12 months with the remainder recognized thereafter.
Incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer are capitalized if we expect the benefit of those costs to be longer than one year and primarily relate to sales commissions paid to our sales force personnel. Capitalized contract acquisition costs are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets for the current portion and other assets for the long-term portion on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Capitalized contract acquisition costs were $
715
million and $
717
million as of February 28, 2025 and November 29, 2024, respectively.
We record refund liabilities for amounts that may be subject to future refunds, which include sales returns reserves and customer rebates and credits. Refund liabilities are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Refund liabilities were $
117
million and $
141
million as of February 28, 2025 and November 29, 2024, respectively.
10
Table of Contents
ADOBE INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Unaudited)
NOTE 3.
CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS
Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid marketable securities with remaining maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase. We classify our investments in marketable debt securities as “available-for-sale.” We carry these investments at fair value, based on quoted market prices or other readily available market information. Unrealized gains and unrealized non-credit-related losses of marketable debt securities are included in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of taxes, in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized credit-related losses are recorded to other income (expense), net in our condensed consolidated statements of income with a corresponding allowance for