reviewed. Undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document, except as required by law.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Adobe is a global technology company with a mission to change the world through personalized digital experiences. For over four decades, Adobe’s innovations have transformed how individuals, teams, businesses, enterprises, institutions, and governments engage and interact across all types of media. Our products, services and solutions are used around the world to imagine, create, manage, deliver, measure, optimize and engage with content across surfaces and fuel digital experiences. We have a diverse user base that includes consumers, communicators, creative professionals, developers, students, small and medium businesses and enterprises. We are also empowering creators by putting the power of artificial intelligence (“AI”) in their hands, and doing so in ways we believe are responsible. Our products and services help unleash creativity, accelerate document productivity and power businesses in a digital world. We have operations in the Americas; Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”); and Asia-Pacific (“APAC”).
OPERATIONS OVERVIEW
For our first quarter of fiscal 2025, we experienced strong demand across our Digital Media and Digital Experience offerings, driven by customer-focused product innovation. As we execute on our long-term growth initiatives, with emphasis on delivering value through AI-powered and highly differentiated solutions to meet the needs of our diverse and expanding customer base, we have continued to experience growth in software-based subscription revenue across our portfolio of offerings.
Digital Media
Our Digital Media products, services and solutions help users create, design and publish rich content and 3D experiences, and improve productivity by transforming how they view, share and collaborate on documents and content. These offerings include our Creative Cloud flagship applications (“apps”) such as Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Lightroom, Adobe Premiere Pro and Adobe Stock; as well as Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Express, Adobe Firefly and many more products, which are available across surfaces and platforms as desktop tools, web and mobile apps and cloud-based services. Adobe Express is our web and mobile app designed to enable a broad spectrum of users, including novice content creators and communicators, to create, edit and customize content quickly and easily with content first, task-based solutions. In addition, Adobe Firefly-powered generative AI features are available across Digital Media apps including Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Express. Our Adobe Acrobat offerings, with a set of integrated mobile apps and cloud-based document services, enable users to