objectives, our compensation programs for all employees include base pay, short-term incentives and opportunities for long-term incentives. We believe this alignment, whether through equity awards issued by Adobe or participation in our employee stock purchase plan, makes employee shareholders more deeply connected to Adobe and engaged in contributing to our long-term success.
Our benefit programs focus on four key wellbeing pillars: physical, emotional, financial and work and life. We offer a wide array of benefits including comprehensive health and welfare insurance, ergonomic support, employee assistance programs, wellbeing support programs, retirement, financial coaches and generous time-off and leave. In addition, we provide educational tools and resources, such as the global wellbeing speaker series, to help employees reach their personal wellbeing goals. We also strive to build community by bringing together our employees through onsite events, discussion groups, messaging forums and our Employee Networks as we believe that a sense of belonging contributes to our employees’ overall wellbeing.
Growth and Development
We provide employees with opportunities to build and develop a meaningful career. The Global Talent Development team creates programs to grow leaders and continually enhance the skills of our employee base. In addition to the content and experiences created in house, employees also have access to on-demand content via several industry-leading learning platforms. Through Adobe’s Learning Fund, employees are eligible to receive up to $11,000 per year toward university and short-term learning opportunities.
We are committed to enabling a culture that celebrates talent sharing, career development and agility across Adobe. We post all roles internally first before sharing them externally and provide resources to make the internal job search easier for employees. We also provide forums for managers and employees to have regular conversations about their career and contributions throughout the year.
Diversity and Inclusion
Adobe for All is our vision to advance diversity, equity and inclusion across Adobe. We recognize that when people feel respected and included, they can be more creative, innovative and successful. As of November 29, 2024, women represented 35.4% of our global employees, and underrepresented minorities (“URMs,” defined as those who identify as Black/African American, Hispanic/Latinx, Native American, Pacific Islander and/or two or more races) represented 11.6% of our U.S. employees.
19
Table of Contents
We have a three-pillar strategy to grow the diversity and inclusion of our workforce over time, on which we have continued to drive progress during fiscal 2024:
•
Workforce
: We take action to improve the hiring, retention and promotion of a more diverse workforce that reflects Adobe’s global footprint. We invest in partnerships and events to grow our pipeline and engage candidates across underrepresented communities.