vector graphics using a text description. Firefly AI models include a version of the Firefly Image Model that generates high-quality images from text prompts, a Firefly Vector Model that generates fully editable vector graphics, a Firefly Design Model that generates fully editable design templates, and a Firefly Video Model (public beta) that generates video from text or image prompts. Firefly supports text prompts in more than 100 languages. In addition, with Adobe Firefly for Enterprise, certain businesses are eligible to obtain an intellectual property indemnification for AI-generated content generated by most Firefly-
11
Table of Contents
powered workflows. Firefly-powered generative AI features are also available in a number of our products including Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Express, Adobe Acrobat and Adobe Stock. Firefly is available for free with a limited number of Generative Credits per month. Once that limit is reached, users and subscribers can buy additional Generative Credits through a Firefly paid subscription plan.
Also available for enterprises are Adobe Firefly Services and Custom Models. Firefly Services provides enterprises with APIs, tools and services for content generation, editing and assembly, to automate the production of content while maintaining quality and control. Custom Models enable enterprises to train generative AI models based on their intellectual property, product and brand styles across a wide variety of use cases such as localization or merchandising for e-commerce, maintaining and propagating brand consistency at scale across their organizations.
Adobe Firefly-generated content is designed to be commercially safe. The Firefly generative AI model is trained on data Adobe has the rights to use. Every asset created using Firefly includes Content Credentials, a digital “nutrition label”, to indicate that generative AI was used, bringing more trust and transparency to digital content.
Adobe Stock
Adobe Stock provides designers and businesses with access to millions of high-quality, curated, royalty-free photos, vectors, illustrations, videos, templates, audio and 3D assets, for all their creative projects. Adobe Stock is built into our Creative Cloud Apps, including Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign and Adobe Express, enabling users to search, browse and add assets to their Creative Cloud Libraries and instantly access them across all connected surfaces. Adobe Stock assets include free and paid collections and may be licensed directly within Adobe’s Apps, through stock.adobe.com or as a multi-asset subscription.
Frame.io
Frame.io is our cloud-native creative collaboration platform that streamlines the production of creative assets by enabling creative professionals and key project stakeholders to collaborate with real-time upload, review and approval, frame-accurate commenting, annotations and more. Frame.io includes support for video beyond post-production workflows including