expenses including payroll and related benefits costs, income taxes, marketing and third-party hosting services, as well as our stock repurchase program as described below. Other customary uses of cash include purchases of property and equipment and payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards.
This data should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
A summary of our cash flows for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
48
Table of Contents
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
For fiscal 2024, net cash provided by operating activities of $8.06 billion was primarily comprised of net income adjusted for the net effect of non-cash items. Payment of the $1 billion Figma termination fee during fiscal 2024 had an adverse impact on net income and cash flows from operations.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
For fiscal 2024, net cash provided by investing activities of $149 million was primarily due to maturities of short-term investments, partially offset by ongoing capital expenditures and purchases of long-term and short-term investments.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
For fiscal 2024, net cash used for financing activities of $7.72 billion was primarily due to payments for our common stock repurchases, partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of senior notes.
See the sections titled “Senior Notes” and “Stock Repurchase Program” below.
Liquidity and Capital Resources Considerations
Our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances may fluctuate during fiscal 2025 due to changes in our planned cash outlay.
Cash from operations could also be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, risks detailed in the section titled “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this report. Based on our current business plan and revenue prospects, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances, our anticipated cash flows from operations and our available credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital, operating resource expenditure and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months and for the foreseeable future.
Our cash equivalent and short-term investment portfolio as of November 29, 2024 consisted of money market funds, corporate debt securities, U.S. Treasury securities, time deposits, U.S. agency securities and asset-backed securities. We use professional investment management firms to manage a large portion of our invested cash.
We expect to continue our investing activities, including short-term and long-term investments, purchases of computer and server hardware to operate our network infrastructure, sales and marketing, product support and administrative staff. Furthermore, cash reserves may be used to repurchase stock under our stock repurchase program and to strategically acquire companies, products or technologies that are complementary to our business.
Revolving Credit Agreement
We have a