exposures involving tax positions that could be challenged by tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and associated reserves. To the extent that the final
38
Table of Contents
determination of any of these examinations is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which such determination is made.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 of our
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements that are of significance or potential significance to us.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Overview of 2024
For our fiscal 2024, we experienced strong demand across our Digital Media and Digital Experience offerings, driven by our innovative product roadmap. As we execute on our long-term growth initiatives, with focus on delivering product innovation and driving adoption and usage of our AI-powered solutions, we have continued to experience growth in software-based subscription revenue across our portfolio of offerings.
Digital Media
In our Digital Media segment, we are a market leader with Creative Cloud, our subscription-based offering which provides desktop tools, mobile applications (“apps”) and cloud-based services for designing, creating and publishing rich content and immersive 3D experiences. Creative Cloud offers Adobe Acrobat Pro, our comprehensive PDF solution, integral to creative workflows and used by creators worldwide as part of our Creative Cloud All Apps subscription and on a standalone basis. In addition, Adobe Express is our web and mobile app designed to enable a broad spectrum of users, including novice content creators, communicators and creative professionals, to create, edit and customize content quickly and easily with content-first, task-based solutions. Creative Cloud also includes Adobe Firefly, a group of creative generative AI models designed to generate high quality images and text effects. Adobe Firefly-powered generative AI features are also available across Creative Cloud apps including Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Express. Creative Cloud delivers value with deep, cross-product integration, frequent product updates and feature enhancements, cloud-enabled services including storage and syncing of files across users’ devices, machine learning and artificial intelligence, access to marketplace, social and community-based features with our Adobe Stock and Behance services, app creation capabilities, tools which assist with enterprise deployments and team collaboration, and affordable pricing for cost-sensitive customers.
We offer Creative Cloud for individuals, students, teams and enterprises. We expect Creative Cloud will drive sustained long-term revenue growth through a continued expansion of our customer base by attracting new users with new features and products like