Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21% primarily due to the net tax benefits from effects of non-U.S. operations and the U.S. federal research tax credit, partially offset by the impacts of the Figma acquisition termination fee and state taxes.
We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that we believe these assets are more likely than not to be realized based on evaluation of all available positive and negative evidence. On the basis of this evaluation, we continue to maintain a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount realizable. The total valuation allowance was $725 million as of November 29, 2024, primarily related to certain state credits and federal capital loss carryforwards.
We are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple domestic and foreign tax jurisdictions. The current U.S. tax law subjects the earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries to U.S. tax and generally allows an exemption from taxation for distributions from foreign subsidiaries.
In the current global tax policy environment, the domestic and foreign governing bodies continue to consider, and in some cases introduce, changes in regulations applicable to corporate multinationals such as Adobe. As regulations are issued, we account for finalized regulations in the period of enactment.
The provision from the U.S. Tax Act which requires us to capitalize and amortize research and development costs became effective in fiscal 2023. This requirement continues to have an adverse impact on our effective rates for income taxes paid, which is partially offset by a benefit to our effective tax rates from the increase in the foreign-derived intangible income deduction.
Several countries have enacted, or have committed to enact, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s 15% global minimum tax regime effective for our fiscal 2025. The currently enacted legislation is not expected to have a material impact on our provision for income taxes, however we continue to monitor developments and evaluate impacts, if any, of these provisions on our results of operations and cash flows.
See Note 10 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding our provision for income taxes.
Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes
The gross liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits excluding interest and penalties were $683 million and $501 million at the end of fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. If the total unrecognized tax benefits as of November 29, 2024 and December 1, 2023 were recognized, $519 million and $356 million would decrease the respective effective tax rates.
As of November 29, 2024 and December 1, 2023, the combined amounts of accrued interest and penalties included in long-term income taxes payable related to tax positions taken on our tax returns were not material.
47
Table of Contents
The timing of the resolution of income tax