generative AI-powered conversational engine, gives our users the power to work more productively with their documents with its ability to summarize and answer questions about documents, provide intelligent citations and quickly generate and format content for sharing. Acrobat AI Assistant is offered as an add-on to Acrobat Pro, Acrobat Standard and Acrobat Reader. We also offer Acrobat subscription plans for teams and enterprises. Adobe Acrobat Sign is included in Adobe Acrobat subscriptions for individuals and teams. Document Cloud for enterprise includes Acrobat, Acrobat Sign, and APIs including third-party partner integrations. Acrobat Reader and Adobe Scan are also separately available as free downloads.
Adobe Acrobat
At the heart of Adobe Document Cloud is Adobe Acrobat, our comprehensive PDF solution with a full set of tools to convert, edit, share and sign PDFs across various surfaces and platforms. Acrobat enables automated, collaborative workflows with a rich set of commenting, editing and sharing tools and direct integration with Adobe Acrobat Sign. Acrobat’s unified Share button combines sharing a link, sending the file by email, and sharing a file with others into one streamlined action, simplifying the sharing and review experience. Our Acrobat Chrome and Edge extensions allow users to access our Acrobat tools without leaving the web browser.
Adobe Acrobat Reader
Adobe Acrobat Reader, our free software for reliable viewing, annotating and printing of PDF documents on a variety of surfaces and platforms, offers features to create, edit, export, combine, share and collaborate on PDF documents, including the “Liquid Mode” feature that automatically reformats PDFs for quick navigation and consumption on mobile devices. Users of both Acrobat and Acrobat Reader can also access, edit and save changes to their PDF files stored in Adobe Document Cloud, or other third-party cloud storage services.
Adobe Scan
Adobe Scan can be used for free on mobile devices to provide scanning capabilities in the pocket of every person. It captures paper documents as images and transforms them into full-featured and versatile PDFs via Adobe Document Cloud services for instant sharing with others. Optical character recognition allows users to convert scanned documents into editable, searchable PDF files instantly.
Adobe Acrobat Sign
Our cloud-based e-signature service, Adobe Acrobat Sign, allows users securely to send any document electronically for signature across surfaces. Through web and mobile Apps, Acrobat Sign enables users to e-sign documents and forms, send them for signature, track responses in real time and obtain instant signatures with in-person signing. Acrobat Sign also integrates with users’ enterprise systems through a comprehensive set of APIs and Adobe Experience Manager Forms and Advanced Workflows for Acrobat Sign, to create forms and provide seamless experiences to our customers across web and mobile sites.
Digital Experience Offerings