other stakeholders who use our products for review and approval, copywriting, social media marketing or other social content creation. We utilize channel partners to target mid-size creative customers with our Creative Cloud for Teams offering. Our direct sales force is focused on building relationships with our largest customers and driving adoption of our Creative Cloud for Enterprise offering. Overall, our strategy with Creative Cloud is designed to enable us to deliver customer value, increase our revenue with existing customers, attract new customers and grow a recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably.
In our Adobe Document Cloud business, we expect to drive sustained long-term revenue growth through an expansion of our customer base by continuing to employ our product-led growth strategy; deliver the best PDF experience on and across every platform; improve Acrobat web’s functionality and ease of use; and expand the number of digital document and workflow-based actions in Acrobat. We are driving innovation with Acrobat AI Assistant, our generative AI-powered tool in Adobe Acrobat Pro, Acrobat Standard and Acrobat Reader, that allows users to better and more quickly understand their documents with quick answers and generative AI summaries, and Adobe Sensei, our cross-platform AI and machine learning technology to make documents more intelligent and responsive. Additionally, with the integration of Adobe Firefly in Acrobat, our customers can easily generate and edit visuals directly in PDFs. We are unlocking business workflows through PDF and Adobe Acrobat Sign Application Programming Interfaces (“APIs”); accelerating Document Cloud adoption through digital and
5
Table of Contents
direct sales; and deploying diversified go-to-market motions to reach all industries and businesses of all sizes. With over 100 million online searches for PDF-related actions per month, we intend to harness that demand and attract new users and customers to our Document Cloud services through Acrobat web, which allows anyone to quickly access tools to create, edit, convert, sign and compress PDFs through their web browser. As with our Creative Cloud strategy, we utilize a data-driven operating model to market our Document Cloud solutions and optimize our subscription-based pricing for individuals as well as small and medium businesses, large enterprises, students and education users, and government institutions around the world. We utilize our corporate and volume licensing programs to increase our reach in our key markets and are continuing to focus on marketing and licensing Acrobat in targeted vertical markets such as education, financial services, telecommunications and government, and on expanding into emerging markets. We will continue to engage in strategic partnerships to help expand our distribution reach and drive the enterprise business.
As our Document Cloud customers increasingly expect business processes to be seamless