next 12 months.
Our future effective tax rates may be materially affected by changes in the tax rates in jurisdictions where our income is earned, changes in jurisdictions in which our profits are determined to be earned and taxed, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in or interpretation of tax rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business, or unexpected changes in business and market conditions that could reduce certain tax benefits.
In addition, tax laws in the United States as well as other countries and jurisdictions in which we conduct business are subject to change as new laws are passed and/or new interpretations are made available. These countries, governmental bodies, such as the European Commission of the European Union, and intergovernmental economic organizations, such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, have made or could make unprecedented assertions about how taxation is determined and, in some cases, have proposed or enacted new laws that are contrary to the way in which rules and regulations have historically been interpreted and applied. Changes in our operating landscape, such as changes in laws and/or interpretations of tax rules, could adversely affect our effective tax rates and/or cause us to respond by making changes to our business structure which could adversely affect our operations and financial results.
Moreover, we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by domestic and foreign tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and have reserved for potential adjustments that may result from these examinations. Our policy is to record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. While we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, we cannot provide assurance that the final determination of any of these examinations will not have an adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.
33
Table of Contents
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
Cash Flows
Our primary source of cash is receipts from revenue. Other customary sources of cash include proceeds from maturities and sales of short-term investments and issuance of debt instruments. Our primary uses of cash are general business expenses including payroll and related benefits costs, income taxes, marketing and third-party hosting services, as well as our stock repurchase program as described below. Other customary uses of cash include purchases of short-term investments, property and equipment, payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards, and repayment of debt instruments.
This data should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.
A summary of our cash flows is as follows:
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Net cash provided by operating activities