We aim to give individuals from nontraditional backgrounds new skills and opportunities to enter technology and design careers through Adobe Digital Academy, in partnership with our educational partners.
•
Workplace
: We believe a sense of inclusion propels high performance resulting in creativity and innovation for Adobe. Consequently, we advance our vision of Adobe for All by building an inclusive environment that inspires a sense of belonging. Our annual Adobe for All event provides a unifying experience for employees to celebrate progress, be inspired by employee and guest speakers’ stories, and have a greater appreciation for how diversity, equity and inclusion positively impacts our people, purpose, and product efforts. We offer family-friendly benefits, support our employee resource groups to create community for employees from underrepresented groups and offer employees learning opportunities to strengthen their allyship.
•
Ecosystem
: Our employees, our customers and the communities we serve care deeply about diversity, equity, and inclusion. As result, we actively align our commitments to our products, partnerships and community engagement to amplify our reach and impact. We collaborate with industry peers to advance diversity across multiple dimensions, including through product equity and accessibility, as well as efforts to address harm and bias in our products. Through the Adobe Foundation, we continue to invest in our Equity and Advancement Initiative and in our partnerships with minority-serving institutions to support their students and faculties and the communities they serve.
Additional information on our diversity and inclusion programs can be found on our website at adobe.com/corporate-responsibility.
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
Our website address is adobe.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our Investor Relations website at www.adobe.com/adbe as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information posted to our website and contents of the websites referred to above are not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website (www.adobe.com/adbe), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels, including our website and social media, to communicate with our investors and the general public about us, our products, services and solutions and other issues, and to comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. It is possible that the information that we make available on our website or social media could be deemed to be material information.