in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risk as a result of, an acquisition;
•
incurrence of additional debt to finance an acquisition, which will increase our interest expense and leverage, and/or issuance of equity securities to finance acquisitions, which will dilute current shareholders’ percentage ownership and earnings per share; and
•
failure to identify significant problems, liabilities or other challenges during due diligence.
Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments or integrate acquired businesses effectively may also be impaired by adverse economic and political events, including trade tensions, and increased global scrutiny and evolving regulatory expectations relating to acquisitions and strategic investments. We may not be able to complete acquisitions or other strategic transactions to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or transactions on favorable terms, or at all, including as a result of challenges in obtaining regulatory approvals, and may incur additional costs. For example, we have experienced difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals, resulting in the termination of a previously announced acquisition and the incurrence of additional costs. Any of these factors may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
25
Table of Contents
Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business
Service interruptions or failures of our or third-party information technology systems may impair the availability of our products, services and solutions, which may expose us to liability, damage our reputation and harm our future financial results.
Much of our business, including our online store at adobe.com and our cloud solutions, relies on hardware and services that are hosted, managed and controlled directly by us or third-party service providers to be available to our customers and users without disruption. We do not have redundancy for all our systems, many of our critical applications (“Apps”) reside in only one of our data centers, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. If any critical third-party service provider of hosting or content delivery services is negatively affected or becomes unavailable to us for any reason, we may not be able to deliver the corresponding products, services or solutions to our customers and users. Failure of our systems or those of our third-party service providers could cause large, system-wide failures, disrupt our business operations and those of our customers, subject us to reputational harm, require costly and time-intensive notifications, and cause us to lose customers, users and future business. Occasionally, we migrate data among data centers and to third-party hosted environments. If a transition among data centers or to third-party service providers encounters unexpected interruptions, unforeseen complexity or unplanned disruptions despite precautions undertaken