transaction.
We offer limited rights of return, rebates and price protection of our products under various policies and programs with our distributors, resellers and/or end-user customers. We estimate and record reserves for these programs as variable consideration when estimating transaction price. Returns, rebates and other offsets to transaction price are estimated at contract inception on a portfolio basis and assessed for reasonableness each reporting period when additional information becomes available.
General Contract Provisions
We maintain revenue reserves for rebates, rights of return and other limited price adjustments. Distributors are allowed limited rights of return of products purchased during the previous quarter. In addition, distributors are allowed to return products that have reached the end of their lives, as defined by us, and for products that are being replaced by new versions. We offer rebates to our distributors, resellers and/or end-user customers. Transaction price is reduced for these amounts based on actual performance against objectives set forth by us for a particular reporting period, such as volume and timely reporting.
On a quarterly basis, the amount of revenue that is reserved is calculated based on our historical trends and data specific to each reporting period. The primary method of establishing these reserves is to review historical data from prior periods as a percent of revenue to determine a historical reserve rate. We then apply the historical rate to the current period revenue as a basis for estimating future returns. When necessary, we also provide a specific reserve in excess of portfolio-level estimated requirements. This estimate can be affected by the amount of a particular product in the channel, the rate of sell-through, product plans and other factors.
61
Table of Contents
ADOBE INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Although our subscription contracts are generally non-cancellable, a limited number of customers have the right to cancel their contracts by providing prior written notice to us of their intent to cancel the remainder of the contract term and consumers have a period of time to terminate certain agreements without penalty. In the event a customer cancels their contract, they are generally not entitled to a refund for prior services we have provided to them. Contracts that include termination rights without substantive penalty are accounted for as contracts only for the committed period. Periods of time after the right of termination are accounted for as optional purchases when they do not represent material rights. For certain of our usage-based license agreements, typically in our royalty and OEM businesses, reporting may be received after the end of a fiscal period. In such instances, we estimate and accrue license revenue. We base our estimates on multiple factors, including historical sales information, seasonality and other business information which may