differ materially from these estimates.
Reclassifications
Certain prior year amounts, which are not material, have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation in the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.
Significant Accounting Policies
There have been no material changes to our significant accounting policies as compared to the significant accounting policies described in our Annual Report.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Effective
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the “FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting, which expands annual and interim disclosure requirements for reportable segments, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The updated standard is effective for our annual periods beginning in fiscal 2025 and interim periods beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2026. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the updated standard will have on our financial statement disclosures.
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes, which prescribes standardized categories and disaggregation of information in the reconciliation of provision for income taxes, requires disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, and modifies other income tax-related disclosure requirements. The updated standard is effective for us beginning with our fiscal year 2026 annual reporting period. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the updated standard will have on our financial statement disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures, which requires additional disclosure of certain costs and expenses within the notes to the financial statements. The updated standard is effective for our annual periods beginning in fiscal 2028 and interim periods beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2029. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that the updated standard will have on our financial statement disclosures.
There have been no other recent accounting pronouncements or changes in accounting pronouncements during the three months ended February 28, 2025, as compared to the recent accounting pronouncements described in our Annual Report, that are of significance or potential significance to us.
8
Table of Contents
ADOBE INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Unaudited)
NOTE 2.
REVENUE
Segment Information
Our segment results for the three months ended February 28, 2025 and March 1, 2024 were as follows:
Revenue by geographic area for the three months ended February 28, 2025 and March 1, 2024 were as follows:
Subscription revenue by segment for the three months ended February 28, 2025 and March 1, 2024 were as follows:
Digital Media and Digital Experience subscription revenue by customer group