uses may require significant, additional investment to develop models and proprietary datasets, responsible-use frameworks and new approaches and processes to attribute or compensate content creators. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, challenges accessing AI models, datasets or hardware. Developing, testing and deploying AI systems may also increase the cost of our offerings, including due to the nature of the computing costs
23
Table of Contents
involved in such systems. These costs could adversely impact our margins as we continue to make significant investments in AI development, add AI capabilities to our offerings and scale our AI offerings without assurance that our customers and users will adopt them. Further, as with any new offerings based on new technologies, consumer reception and monetization pathways are uncertain, our strategies may not be successful and our business and financial results could be adversely impacted. New AI offerings and technologies could modify workforce needs, result in negative publicity about AI and decrease demand for our existing products, services and solutions, all of which could adversely impact our business.
We participate in rapidly evolving and intensely competitive markets, and, if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could suffer.
The markets for our products, services and solutions are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. We expect competition to continue to intensify. Our numerous competitors range in size from diversified global companies with significant sales and research and development resources, broad brand awareness, long operating histories or access to large customer bases to small companies whose specialized focuses may allow them to more easily and effectively deploy technical, marketing and financial resources. Our competitors may develop or acquire products, services or solutions that are similar to ours or that achieve greater or faster acceptance, may undertake more far-reaching and successful product development efforts or marketing campaigns or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. As a result, current and potential customers may select the products, services or solutions of our competitors. Further, our future success depends on our continued ability to effectively appeal to businesses and consumers. New industry standards, evolving distribution models, limited barriers to entry, short product life cycles, customer price sensitivity, global market conditions and the frequent entry of new products or competitors may increase downward pressure on pricing and gross margins and adversely affect our renewal, upsell and cross-sell rates as well as our ability to attract new customers. In addition, we expect to face more competition as AI continues to advance and be integrated into the markets in which we compete. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their offerings more successfully and efficiently than we do and