thresholds. Collateral posted is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and collateral received is included in accrued expenses on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Cash Flow Hedges
In countries outside the United States, we transact business in U.S. Dollars and in various other currencies. We may use foreign exchange forward contracts and option contracts to hedge a portion of our forecasted foreign currency denominated revenue and expenses. These foreign exchange contracts, carried at fair value, have maturities of up to
24
months. As of November 29, 2024 and December 1, 2023, total notional amounts of outstanding cash flow hedges were $
5.51
billion and $
2.83
billion, respectively, hedging exposures denominated in Euros, Japanese Yen, British Pounds, Indian Rupees, Australian Dollars and Canadian Dollars.
In June 2019, we entered into Treasury lock agreements with large financial institutions which fixed benchmark U.S. Treasury rates for an aggregate notional amount of $
1
billion of our future debt issuance. These derivative instruments hedged the impact of changes in the benchmark interest rate to future interest payments and were settled upon debt issuance in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. We incurred a loss related to the settlement of the instruments which is amortized to interest expense over the term of our debt due February 1, 2030.
See Note 17 for further details regarding our debt.
As of November 29, 2024, we had net derivative gains on our foreign currency cash flow hedges expected to be recognized within the next
36
months, of which $
64
million of net gains are expected to be recognized into revenue within the next 12 months and $
1
million of net losses are expected to be recognized into operating expenses within the next 12 months. We also had net derivative losses on our Treasury lock agreements, of which $
3
million is expected to be recognized into interest expense within the next 12 months.
To receive hedge accounting treatment, all hedging relationships are formally documented at the inception of the hedge, and the hedges must be highly effective in offsetting changes to future cash flows on hedged transactions. We record changes in fair value of these cash flow hedges in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, until the forecasted transaction occurs. When the forecasted transaction affects earnings, we reclassify the related gain or loss on the foreign currency revenue, foreign currency expense or Treasury lock cash flow hedge to revenue, operating expense or interest expense, as applicable. In the event the underlying forecasted transaction does not occur, or it becomes probable that it will not occur, we reclassify the gain or loss on the related cash flow hedge from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to the same income statement line item as the hedged item. We evaluate hedge effectiveness at the inception of the hedge prospectively, and on an