to grant liens on assets and to enter into sale and leaseback transactions, subject to significant allowances.
Revolving Credit Agreement
In June 2022, we entered into a credit agreement (the “Revolving Credit Agreement”), providing for a
five-year
$
1.5
billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility. The Revolving Credit Agreement provides for loans to Adobe and certain of its subsidiaries that may be designated from time to time as additional borrowers. Pursuant to the terms of the Revolving Credit Agreement, we may, subject to the agreement of lenders to provide additional commitments, obtain up to an additional $
500
million in commitments, for a maximum aggregate commitment of $
2
billion. As of February 28, 2025, there were
no
outstanding borrowings under this Revolving Credit Agreement.
Commercial Paper Program
In September 2023, we established a commercial paper program under which we may issue unsecured commercial paper up to a total of $
3
billion outstanding at any time, with maturities of up to
397
days from the date of issue. The net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, stock repurchases, refinancing indebtedness or any other general corporate purposes. As of February 28, 2025, there were
no
outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program.
24
Table of Contents
ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
In addition to historical information, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding product plans, future growth, market opportunities, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, strategic investments, industry positioning, customer acquisition and retention, the amount of annualized recurring revenue and revenue growth. In addition, when used in this report, the words “will,” “expects,” “could,” “would,” “may,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “targets,” “estimates,” “looks for,” “looks to,” “continues” and similar expressions, as well as statements regarding our focus for the future, are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Each of the forward-looking statements we make in this report involves risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors” in Part II, Item 1A of this report. The risks described herein and in other documents we file from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2024, should be carefully