this long-term investment exposure totaled an absolute notional equivalent of $1.19 billion and $1.03 billion, respectively. At this time, we do not hedge these long-term investment exposures.
We do not use foreign exchange contracts for speculative trading purposes, nor do we hedge our foreign currency exposure in a manner that entirely offsets the effects of changes in foreign exchange rates. We regularly review our hedging program and assess the need to utilize financial instruments to hedge currency exposures on an ongoing basis.
Cash Flow Hedges of Forecasted Foreign Currency Revenue and Expenses
We may use foreign exchange purchased forward contracts or option contracts to hedge foreign currency revenue denominated in Euros, Japanese Yen, British Pounds, Australian Dollars and Canadian Dollars, or foreign currency expenses in Indian Rupees. We hedge these cash flow exposures to reduce the risk that our earnings and cash flows will be adversely affected by changes in exchange rates. These foreign exchange contracts, carried at fair value, have maturities of up to 24 months. We enter into these foreign exchange contracts to hedge forecasted revenue and expenses in the normal course of business and accordingly, they are not speculative in nature.
We record changes in fair value of these cash flow hedges of foreign currency denominated revenue and expenses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, until the forecasted transaction occurs. When the forecasted transaction affects earnings, we reclassify the related gain or loss on the cash flow hedge to revenue or operating expenses, as applicable. In the event the underlying forecasted transaction does not occur, or it becomes probable that
51
Table of Contents
it will not occur, we reclassify the gain or loss on the related cash flow hedge from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to revenue or operating expenses, as applicable. For the fiscal year ended November 29, 2024, there were no net gains or losses recognized in revenue or operating expenses relating to hedges of forecasted transactions that did not occur.
Non-Designated Hedges of Foreign Currency Assets and Liabilities
Our derivatives not designated as hedging instruments consist of foreign currency forward contracts that we primarily use to hedge monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies to reduce the risk that our earnings and cash flows will be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These foreign exchange contracts are carried at fair value with changes in fair value of these contracts recorded to other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statements of Income. These contracts reduce the impact of currency exchange rate movements on our assets and liabilities. At November 29, 2024, the outstanding balance sheet hedging derivatives had maturities of 180 days or less.
See Note 6 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial