for additional information regarding our purchase obligations.
We lease certain facilities and data centers under non-cancellable operating lease arrangements that expire at various dates through 2034. As of November 29, 2024, the value of our obligations under operating leases was $463 million.
S
ee Note 18 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our lease obligations
.
Stock Repurchase Program
To facilitate our stock repurchase program, designed to return value to our stockholders and minimize dilution from stock issuances, we may repurchase our shares in the open market or enter into structured repurchase agreements with third parties. In December 2020, our Board of Directors granted authority to repurchase up to $15 billion in our common stock, which became fully utilized during fiscal 2024. In March 2024, our Board of Directors granted additional authority to repurchase up to $25 billion in our common stock through March 14, 2028.
During fiscal 2024, we entered into accelerated share repurchase agreements (“ASRs”) with large financial institutions whereupon we provided them with prepayments totaling $9.5 billion. Subsequent to November 29, 2024, as part of the March 2024 stock repurchase authority, we entered into stock repurchase arrangements with a large financial institution which totaled $3.25 billion, including a $2.75 billion ASR and a trading plan under which we may execute up to $500 million in open market repurchases.
See section titled
“
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
”
in Part II, Item 5 of this report for stock repurchases during the quarter ended
November 29, 2024
and Note 14 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details regarding our stock repurchase program.
Indemnifications
In the ordinary course of business, we provide indemnifications of varying scope to our customers and channel partners against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third parties arising from the use of our products and from time to time, we are subject to claims by our customers under these indemnification provisions. Historically, costs related to these indemnification provisions have not been significant and we are unable to estimate the maximum potential impact of these indemnification provisions on our future results of operations.
To the extent permitted under Delaware law, we have agreements whereby we indemnify our officers and directors for certain events or occurrences while the officer or director is or was serving at our request in such capacity. The indemnification period covers all pertinent events and occurrences during the officer’s or director’s lifetime. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, we have director and officer insurance coverage that reduces our exposure and enables us