marketers to deliver timely, relevant experiences across channels. Real-Time Customer Data Platform does this by activating a business’ unified customer profiles on Adobe Experience Platform across channels to leverage intelligent decision making throughout the customer journey and deliver hyper-personalized experiences across all known channels and surfaces. Real-Time Customer Data Platform utilizes an open and extensible architecture that
14
Table of Contents
allows integration with a variety of data sources and activation touchpoints and provides continuous data refreshes to keep their customer profiles updated in near real time.
Content, Commerce and Workflows
Our Content, Commerce and Workflows solutions help our customers manage, deliver, personalize and optimize on-brand content across web, mobile and App interfaces, as well as enable shopping experiences that scale from mid-market to enterprise businesses, across surfaces and channels. The following is a brief description of our products for Content, Commerce and Workflows.
Adobe Experience Manager
Adobe Experience Manager combines digital asset management with a content management system and an end-to-end digital document solution. Adobe Experience Manager Sites provides a marketer and developer-friendly content management system built on a scalable, cloud-native foundation to create and deploy personalized experiences across every channel. Adobe Experience Manager Assets offers cloud-native digital asset management to create, manage, deliver and optimize personalized experiences at scale. Adobe Experience Manager is also available in GenStudio for Performance Marketing, allowing marketers to retrieve generated assets and associated metadata for generating campaign assets. Adobe Experience Manager Forms provides a cloud-native and scalable solution for personalized end-to-end digital customer onboarding and enrollment, enabling our customers to create, manage, publish and approve forms and documents.
Adobe Experience Manager Screens allows our customers to connect online and in-venue experiences through digital signage. Adobe Developer App Builder provides a set of tools and services for our customers’ developers to extend Experience Manager to their existing infrastructure and apply unique parameters to make the UI look and feel unique for their businesses.
Adobe Commerce
Adobe Commerce offers a highly customizable, end-to-end e-commerce platform to manage, personalize and optimize the commerce experience for physical and digital goods across every touchpoint by bringing together digital commerce, order management and predictive intelligence to enable engaging shopping experiences across B2B, B2C and direct-to-consumer. Based on an open-source ecosystem with thousands of third-party extensions, Adobe Commerce extends beyond the online shopping cart to shoppable experiences, with actionable data analysis and automated back-end workflows, native integrations with other Adobe products,