offerings, which entitle customers, partners and developers to receive desktop product upgrades and enhancements or technical support, depending on the offering, are generally recognized ratably over the term of the arrangement. Transaction-based advertising revenue is recognized on a usage basis as we satisfy the performance obligations to our customers.
Segments
In fiscal 2024, we categorized our products into the following reportable segments:
•
Digital Media
—Our Digital Media segment provides products and services that enable individuals, teams, businesses, and enterprises to create, publish and promote their content anywhere and accelerate their productivity by transforming how they view, share, engage with and collaborate on documents and creative content. Our customers include creative professionals, including photographers, video editors, graphic and experience designers and game developers; communicators, including content creators, students, marketers and knowledge workers; and consumers.
•
Digital Experience
—Our Digital Experience segment provides an integrated platform and set of products, services and solutions that enable businesses to create, manage, execute, measure, monetize and optimize customer
42
Table of Contents
experiences that span from analytics to commerce. Our customers include marketers, advertisers, agencies, publishers, merchandisers, merchants, web analysts, data scientists, developers and executives across the C-suite.
•
Publishing and Advertising
—Our Publishing and Advertising segment contains legacy products and services that address diverse market opportunities, including eLearning solutions, technical document publishing, web conferencing, document and forms platform, web app development, high-end printing and our Adobe Advertising offerings.
Segment Information
Digital Media
Revenue by major offerings in our Digital Media reportable segment for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:
Revenue from Digital Media increased $1.65 billion during fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023, driven by increases in revenue associated with our Creative and Document Cloud subscription offerings due to continued demand amid an increasingly digital environment, strong engagement across customer segments and migrating our customers to higher valued subscription offerings with increased revenue per subscription.
Digital Experience
Revenue from Digital Experience increased $473 million during fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023 driven by subscription revenue growth across our offerings.
Geographical Information
Overall revenue during fiscal 2024 increased in all geographic regions as compared to fiscal 2023. Within each geographic region, the fluctuations in revenue by reportable segment were attributable to the factors noted in the segment information above.
43
Table of Contents
Included in the overall change in revenue for fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023 were impacts associated with foreign currency and our