federal statutory tax rate of 21% primarily due to the net tax benefits from effects of non-U.S. operations and the U.S. federal research tax credit, partially offset by state taxes.
We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that we believe these assets are more likely than not to be realized based on evaluation of all available positive and negative evidence. On the basis of this evaluation, we continue to maintain a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount realizable. The total valuation allowance was $762 million as of February 28, 2025, primarily related to certain state credits and capital loss carryforwards.
We are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple domestic and foreign tax jurisdictions. The current U.S. tax law subjects the earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries to U.S. tax and generally allows an exemption from taxation for distributions from foreign subsidiaries.
32
Table of Contents
In the current global tax policy environment, the domestic and foreign governing bodies continue to consider, and in some cases introduce, changes in regulations applicable to corporate multinationals such as Adobe. As regulations are issued, we account for finalized regulations in the period of enactment.
Several countries have enacted, or have committed to enact, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s 15% global minimum tax regime effective for our fiscal 2025. The currently enacted legislation is not expected to have a material impact on our provision for income taxes, however we continue to monitor developments and evaluate impacts, if any, of these provisions on our results of operations and cash flows.
Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes
The gross liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits excluding interest and penalties were $657 million and $666 million as of February 28, 2025 and March 1, 2024, respectively. If the total unrecognized tax benefits as of February 28, 2025 and March 1, 2024 were recognized, $492 million and $502 million would decrease the respective effective tax rates.
As of February 28, 2025 and March 1, 2024, the combined amounts of accrued interest and penalties included in long-term income taxes payable related to tax positions taken on our tax returns were not material.
The timing of the resolution of income tax examinations is highly uncertain as are the amounts and timing of tax payments that are part of any audit settlement process. These events could cause large fluctuations in the balance sheet classification of our tax assets and liabilities. We believe that within the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that either certain audits will conclude or statutes of limitations on certain income tax examination periods will expire, or both. Although the timing of resolution, settlement and closing of audits is not certain, it is reasonably possible that the underlying unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by up to $55 million over the