management with a comprehensive financial view of our key businesses. Our segments are aligned around our two strategic growth opportunities further described below, and our legacy products, services and solutions are contained within the third segment, Publishing and Advertising.
MARKET OVERVIEW
This overview provides an explanation of our markets and a discussion of strategic opportunities in fiscal 2025 and beyond for each of our segments.
See the section titled
“Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
and
Note 2 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statement
s
of this report for further segment information.
Digital Media
Opportunity
In today’s digital world, content and digital documents are fueling the global economy, and productivity, design and creativity have never been more relevant, providing a significant market opportunity for Adobe in digital media. Everyone has a story to tell and needs products and services at their fingertips to tell those stories on an ever-increasing number of canvases. AI- and generative AI-powered technologies are increasing this opportunity by growing the demand for and production of content. This shift is changing how creative professionals work by accelerating their processes, increasing their productivity, and allowing them to explore and create in new fields, while empowering new creators by dramatically lowering barriers to creativity. At the same time, creativity is increasingly a team effort that is redefining productivity, making quick and easy collaboration even more critical to every company’s success. Adobe is driving innovation to shape these trends, democratize creativity, empower individuals to create wherever inspiration strikes and enable more effective collaboration between creators and stakeholders.
The flagship of our Digital Media business is Adobe Creative Cloud, a subscription service that allows subscribers to use our creative products and applications (“Apps”) integrated with cloud-delivered services across various surfaces and platforms. We believe in creativity for all, and Creative Cloud addresses the needs of all content creators, from creative professionals, such as artists, designers, developers, students, and administrators, to knowledge workers, marketers, educators, enthusiasts, communicators, and consumers. Our customers rely on our products for content creation, photo editing, design, video and animation production, mobile App and gaming development, and more. Our customers can choose between products optimized for different platforms and capabilities, from the speed and ease of use offered by Adobe Express, our AI-first, task-based web and mobile App, to the greater power and precision of our flagship Creative Cloud Apps. We believe we have significant opportunities to grow our Digital Media business by advancing every creative category across all surfaces; expanding content-