Campaign enables businesses to orchestrate the entire customer journey and use their customer data to create, coordinate and deliver dynamic, personalized experiences that are synchronized across channels, including email, mobile and offline, and determined by their consumers’ behaviors and preferences. Adobe Campaign’s features also include AI-powered email management, multidimensional targeting, in-App messaging and dynamic, customizable reports to analyze success.
Adobe Target
Adobe Target is an AI- and machine learning-driven personalization engine that lets our customers test, target and optimize content across channels. With Adobe Target, our customers have the tools they need to create omnichannel personalized experiences and create A/B and multivariate tests, done at scale through AI-powered automation so they can quickly discover the best experience for their customers and deliver that experience across all touchpoints.
Adobe Journey Optimizer
Adobe Journey Optimizer is a scalable App built on Adobe Experience Platform that allows businesses to orchestrate and deliver personalized, connected customer journeys across any App, surface, screen, or channel across B2B and B2C. With this solution, brands can manage inbound customer engagement with outbound omnichannel campaigns and offer personalized content based on real-time profiles, data-driven insights, cloud-native scalability and API extensibility, all within a single App, and, for our B2B customers, build buying groups aligned to their organization’s product portfolio. Businesses can trigger individual consumer journeys and use real-time insights to personalize that journey, as well as visually map individual journeys across systems in an intuitive, workflow-based interface. Adobe Journey Optimizer also allows our customers to track detailed performance of executed journeys and how individuals are progressing in real time, with data automatically sent to Adobe Experience Platform to allow full-funnel analysis.
Other Products, Services and Solutions
We also offer a broad range of other enterprise and digital media products, services and solutions. Information about other products, services and solutions not referenced here can be found on our corporate website, adobe.com.
OPERATIONS
Marketing and Sales
We market our products, services and solutions directly to enterprise customers through our sales force and local field offices and directly to businesses and consumers. We license our products to end-user customers through App stores and our own website at adobe.com. We offer many of our products via a SaaS model or a managed services model (both of which are referred to as hosted or cloud-based) as well as through term subscription and pay-per-use models. Our subscriptions and free plans include a monthly plan-specific number of Generative Credits for generative AI creation with Adobe Firefly. We market and distribute our products through sales channels, which include distributors,