across surfaces and the web, we are expanding our Document Cloud capabilities to meet this need. Adobe Acrobat is available on the web, delivering quick results for common PDF actions with a single click. Users can ask questions using voice commands with Acrobat AI Assistant on mobile devices. Adobe Scan powers mobile devices with scanning capabilities, transforming paper documents into full-featured PDFs. Adobe Acrobat Sign provides a green alternative to costly, paper-based solutions and offers a convenient solution for our customers to digitally manage their documents, automate processes and contract workflows, and is integrated into Acrobat across all surfaces. Acrobat Reader is available on mobile devices, and features AI-powered “Liquid Mode” to automatically reformat PDFs for quick navigation and easier consumption on smaller screens. With features offered by AI Assistant and Adobe Firefly as well as new capabilities to Acrobat, Adobe Scan and Acrobat Sign, we help our customers and users continue to migrate away from paper-based processes and adopt our solutions for personalized, digital document experiences, growing our revenue with this business in the process.
Digital Experience
Opportunity
Consumers today buy experiences, not just products, and they demand personalized digital experiences that are relevant, engaging, seamless and secure across an ever-expanding range of channels and surfaces. Businesses increasingly have the same expectations, driving business-to-business (“B2B”) companies to deliver equally engaging and seamless experiences as business-to-consumer (“B2C”) companies. With AI-powered automation and personalization, people and brands will increasingly stand out through unique creative expression, and the future of experiences across industries and everyday life will become increasingly personalized. Delivering the best, personalized experience at a given moment requires the right combination of data, insights and content across multiple channels in real time and at scale. We have a strategic opportunity to provide solutions that enable real-time personalization at scale and accelerate our customers’ content supply chain, with a streamlined and coordinated process from content ideation through deployment, measurement and optimization. Marketing is also increasingly evolving from a centralized discipline to a multi-practitioner, cross-functional, collaborative field, and marketing and IT teams are looking for a return on investment to demonstrate the business impact of their transformation initiatives.
Adobe Experience Cloud is powering businesses by helping them provide exceptional personalized experiences to their customers via a comprehensive suite of solutions. Addressing the challenges of customer experience management is a large and growing opportunity and we are in position to help businesses and enterprises invest in solutions that aid their goals to transform how they engage with their customers and constituents