Therefore, we encourage investors and others interested in Adobe to review the information we make available on our website and the social media channels listed on our website.
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Adobe’s executive officers as of January 13, 2025 are as follows:
20
Table of Contents
21
Table of Contents
22
Table of Contents
ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS
As previously discussed, our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Below we discuss some of the factors that could cause these differences. The occurrence of these and many other factors described in this report, and factors that we do not presently know or that we currently believe to be immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our operations, performance and financial condition. Many factors affect more than one category and the factors are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories.
Risks Related to Our Ability to Grow Our Business
We may be unsuccessful at innovating in response to rapid technological or industry changes to meet customer needs, which could cause our operating results to suffer.
We operate in rapidly evolving industries and expect the pace of innovation to continue to accelerate. We must continually introduce new, and enhance existing, products, services and solutions to retain customers and attract new customers. Developing new products, services and solutions is complex, requires significant investment and operational costs and may not be profitable, and our investments in new technologies are speculative and may not yield the expected business or financial benefits. The commercial success of new or enhanced products, services and solutions depends on a number of factors, including timely and successful development; effective distribution and marketing; market acceptance; compatibility with existing and emerging standards, platforms, software delivery methods and technologies; accurately predicting and anticipating customer needs and expectations and the direction of technological change; identifying and innovating in the right technologies; and differentiation from other products, services and solutions. If we fail to anticipate or identify technological, creative or marketing trends or fail to devote appropriate resources to adapt to such trends, our business could be harmed. For example, generative artificial intelligence technologies enable users of all skill levels to create and provide new ways of marketing, creating content and interacting with documents, which could significantly disrupt industries in which we operate and our existing products, services and solutions and our business may be harmed if we fail to invest or adapt. While we have released new generative artificial intelligence products, such as Adobe Firefly, and are focused on enhancing the artificial intelligence (“AI”) capabilities of our products and incorporating AI across existing