Adobe Experience Cloud is a comprehensive collection of best-in-class products, services and solutions to manage the customer experience, all integrated into a cloud platform, along with service, support and an open ecosystem. Adobe Sensei uses AI and machine learning technology to analyze large amounts of data and make intelligent in-App recommendations, automate repetitive tasks, and drive real-time decisions within our products. Adobe Sensei GenAI allows customer experience and marketing teams to use natively embedded generative AI to deliver more accurate and personal customer journeys.
Experience Cloud is comprised of the following sets of solutions for our customers: Adobe Experience Platform; Data Insights and Audiences; Content, Commerce and Workflows; and Customer Journeys, which are each described below.
Adobe Experience Platform
Adobe Experience Platform is a purpose-built platform for customer experience management that helps businesses collect, connect and activate their known and unknown customer data from every interaction across sources and channels in real time to create unified customer profiles. Adobe Experience Platform standardizes data for intelligence and profile creation and provides an open and extensible cloud infrastructure, real-time updates, and AI-driven insights and scalability. Federated Audience Composition allows our customers of Adobe Real-Time Customer Data Platform and Adobe Journey Optimizer to use data from their data partners directly to enrich existing high-value audiences and attributes all in one system. Adobe
13
Table of Contents
Experience Platform also offers Query Service and Data Science Workspace, which enable businesses to gain deeper insights from stored datasets and customer journey intelligence. These tools leverage predefined data-driven operational best practices, AI and business intelligence to enable and optimize real-time decisions, actions and business processes. Our customers can leverage Adobe Experience Platform to activate AI-driven insights across all Adobe Experience Cloud Apps in near real time. Adobe Experience Platform AI Assistant is a generative AI-powered conversational interface that answers technical questions, automates tasks, simulates outcomes and generates new audiences and journeys across applications such as Adobe Real-Time Customer Data Platform, Adobe Journey Optimizer and Adobe Customer Journey Analytics. Adobe Experience Platform AI Assistant uses a collection of experience models designed to address the context of each use case and allows for quick data navigation as needed.
Data Insights and Audiences
Our Data Insights and Audiences solutions enable our customers to stitch together their data from across the consumer journey into a single view to provide insights based on every interaction in real time, easily share data and analyses across teams and organizations and use AI and machine learning to optimize personalization. The following is a brief description of