FORM 10-K
TABLE OF CONTENTS
2
Table of Contents
Forward-Looking Statements
In addition to historical information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including statements related to our product development plans and new or enhanced offerings; our business, artificial intelligence and innovation momentum; our strategy, market opportunity and future growth; market trends; current macroeconomic conditions; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; strategic investments; industry positioning; and customer acquisition and retention. In addition, when used in this report, the words “will,” “expects,” “could,” “would,” “may,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “targets,” “estimates,” “looks for,” “looks to,” “continues” and similar expressions, as well as statements regarding our focus for the future, are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Each of the forward-looking statements we make in this report involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions based on information available to us as of the date of this report. Such risks and uncertainties, many of which relate to matters beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this report and elsewhere herein. The risks described herein and in Adobe’s other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q to be filed in fiscal 2025, should be carefully reviewed. Undue reliance should not be placed on the financial information set forth in this report, which reflects estimates based on information available as of the date of this report. Adobe assumes no obligation to, and does not currently intend to, update these forward-looking statements.
PART I
ITEM 1.  BUSINESS
OVERVIEW
Adobe is a global technology company with a mission to change the world through personalized digital experiences. For over four decades, Adobe’s innovations have transformed how individuals, teams, businesses, enterprises, institutions, and governments engage and interact across all types of media. Our products, services and solutions are used around the world to imagine, create, manage, deliver, measure, optimize and engage with content across surfaces and fuel digital experiences. We have a diverse user base that includes consumers, communicators, creative professionals, developers, students, small and medium businesses and enterprises. We are also empowering creators by putting the power of artificial intelligence (“AI”) in their hands, and doing so in ways we believe are responsible. Our products and services help unleash creativity, accelerate document productivity and power businesses in a digital