investment and operational costs and may not be profitable, and our investments in new technologies are speculative and may not yield the expected business or financial benefits. The commercial success of new or enhanced products, services and solutions depends on a number of factors, including timely and successful development; effective distribution and marketing; market acceptance; compatibility with existing and emerging standards, platforms, software delivery methods and technologies; accurately predicting and anticipating customer needs and expectations and the direction of technological change; identifying and innovating in the right technologies; and differentiation from other products, services and solutions. If we fail to anticipate or identify technological, creative or marketing trends or fail to devote appropriate resources to adapt to such trends, our business could be harmed. For example, generative artificial intelligence technologies enable users of all skill levels to create and provide new ways of marketing, creating content and interacting with documents, which could significantly disrupt industries in which we operate and our existing products, services and solutions and our business may be harmed if we fail to invest or adapt. While we have released new generative artificial intelligence products, such as Adobe Firefly, and are focused on enhancing the artificial intelligence (“AI”) capabilities of our products and incorporating AI across existing products, services and solutions, there can be no assurance that our new or enhanced products and AI innovations will be successful, adopted or monetizable or that we will innovate effectively to keep pace with the rapid evolution of AI across our offerings. If we do not successfully innovate, adapt to rapid technological or industry changes and meet customer needs, our business and our financial results may be harmed.
Issues relating to the development and use of AI, including generative AI, in our offerings may result in reputational harm, liability and adverse financial results.
Social, ethical and operational issues relating to the use of AI, including generative AI, in our offerings may result in reputational harm, liability and additional costs. We are increasingly incorporating AI technologies, developed by us and by third parties, into many of our offerings. If our AI development, deployment, content labeling or governance is ineffective or inadequate, it may result in incidents that impair the public acceptance of AI solutions or cause harm to individuals, customers or society, or result in our offerings not working as intended or producing unexpected outcomes.
Jurisdictions around the world are developing and passing new regulations that apply specifically to the use of AI. For example, the EU AI Act was adopted in 2024 and will be implemented in phases through 2030, and other jurisdictions are considering similarly focused legislation. These regulations and the evolving