competitors range in size from diversified global companies with significant sales and research and development resources, broad brand awareness, long operating histories or access to large customer bases to small companies whose specialized focuses may allow them to more easily and effectively deploy technical, marketing and financial resources. Our competitors may develop or acquire products, services or solutions that are similar to ours or that achieve greater or faster acceptance, may undertake more far-reaching and successful product development efforts or marketing campaigns or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. As a result, current and potential customers may select the products, services or solutions of our competitors. Further, our future success depends on our continued ability to effectively appeal to businesses and consumers. New industry standards, evolving distribution models, limited barriers to entry, short product life cycles, customer price sensitivity, global market conditions and the frequent entry of new products or competitors may increase downward pressure on pricing and gross margins and adversely affect our renewal, upsell and cross-sell rates as well as our ability to attract new customers. In addition, we expect to face more competition as AI continues to advance and be integrated into the markets in which we compete. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their offerings more successfully and efficiently than we do and achieve greater and faster adoption, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our business and financial results. Other companies have, or in the future may obtain, proprietary rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use or sell our AI offerings. Further, we expect AI offerings to be highly competitive and rapidly evolving. For example, we face increasing competition from companies offering generative AI capabilities, including text-to-image, text-to-video and multi-modal offerings that compete directly with our creative offerings. If we are not able to provide products, services and solutions that compete effectively, we could experience reduced sales and our business could be adversely affected.
For additional information regarding our competition and the risks arising out of the competitive environment in which we operate, see the section titled “Competition” contained in Part I, Item 1 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K.
If our reputation or our brands are damaged, our business and financial results may be adversely affected.
We believe our reputation and brands have been, and we expect them to continue to be, important to our business and financial results. Maintaining and enhancing our brands may require us to make substantial investments and these investments may not be successful. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, reputational harm from, among other things, the introduction of