desktop software and mobile Apps to users and customers under ‘click through’ or signed license agreements containing restrictions on duplication, disclosure and transfer. Similarly, cloud products and services are provided to users and customers under ‘click through’ or signed agreements containing restrictions on access and use. Our enterprise customers license our hosted offerings as SaaS or Managed Services via agreements based on our enterprise licensing terms.
Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technology and our intellectual property rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or obtain and use our technology to develop Apps with the same functionality as our Apps. Policing unauthorized use of our technology and intellectual property rights is difficult. We believe that our subscription-based business model combined with the increased focus on cloud-based computing has and may continue to improve our efforts to combat the pirating of our products.
18
Table of Contents
HUMAN CAPITAL
Our culture is built on the foundation that our people and the way we treat one another promote creativity, innovation and performance, which spur our success. We are continually investing in our global workforce to provide fair and market-competitive pay and benefits to support our employees’ wellbeing, foster their growth and development, and to further drive diversity and inclusion. As of November 29, 2024, we employed 30,709 people, of which 50% were in the United States and 50% were in our international locations. During fiscal 2024, our total attrition rate was 7.8%. We have not experienced work stoppages and believe our employee relations are good. Understanding employee sentiment and listening to employee feedback is important to Adobe. We utilize a variety of feedback mechanisms throughout an employee lifecycle to gather insights that help inform our decision-making regarding employee programs, talent risks, management opportunities, employee networks and more. In fiscal 2024, 81% of our employees participated in our most recent engagement survey.
Digital transformation has fundamentally changed how people work, and we continue to lean into digital-first workflows, tools and resources to enable us to be productive, wherever we are. We also believe in the value of people being together—fostering trust, relationships and collaboration and innovation. We have evolved into a hybrid model, in which employees who are assigned to an office can divide their work between the office and home about half the time. We continue to pilot, test and iterate our approach to support new ways of working and evolving the employee experience.
We encourage you to visit our website for more detailed information regarding our Human Capital programs and initiatives.
Compensation, Benefits and Wellbeing
Adobe offers fair, competitive compensation and benefits that support our employees’ overall wellbeing. To ensure alignment with our short- and long-term