purchasers of the Company’s stock between July 23, 2021 and September 22, 2022 (the “Class Period”). The complaint, which was amended on February 23, 2024, alleges that certain public statements made by Adobe during the Class Period related to competition from Figma and the adequacy of Adobe’s existing offerings to counter harms Adobe may have faced due to Figma’s growing market position were materially false and misleading. The Securities Action seeks unspecified compensatory damages, attorneys’ fees and costs, and extraordinary equitable and/or injunctive relief. We filed a motion to dismiss the Securities Action, which was fully briefed as of May 23, 2024.
On November 16, 2023, a shareholder derivative action captioned Shah v. Narayen et al, Case No. 1:23-cv-01315, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware (the “Shah Action”), purportedly on behalf of Adobe. On January 3, 2024, a second shareholder derivative action captioned Gervat v. Narayen et al, Case No. 1:24-cv-00006, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware (the “Gervat Action”), purportedly on behalf of Adobe. On January 24, 2024, the Court consolidated the Shah and Gervat Actions (together, the “Consolidated Derivative Action”). On January 18, 2024, a shareholder derivative action captioned Sbriglio v. Narayen et al., Case No. 24-cv-429458, was filed in California Superior Court (the “Sbriglio Action”), purportedly on behalf of Adobe. On January 29, 2024, a shareholder derivative action captioned Roy v. Narayen et al., No. 1:24-cv-00633, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, (the “Roy Action,” and together with the Consolidated Derivative Action and the Sbriglio Action, the “Derivative Actions”), purportedly on behalf of Adobe. The Derivative Actions are based largely on the same alleged facts and circumstances as the Securities Action, and name certain of our current and former officers and members of our Board of Directors as defendants and Adobe as a nominal defendant. The Derivative Actions together allege claims for breach of fiduciary duty and/or aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, waste of corporate assets, abuse of control, and violations of Section 10(b) (and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder), Section 20(a), and/or Section 21D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and seek recovery of unspecified damages, restitution, and attorney’s fees and costs, as well as disgorgement of profits and certain payments and benefits, in the case of the Gervat Action, and improvements to Adobe’s corporate governance and internal procedures, in the case of the Shah Action, on behalf of Adobe. The Derivative Actions are presently stayed pending the final resolution of the motion to dismiss in the Securities Action.
We dispute the allegations of wrongdoing in the Securities Action and the Derivative Actions and intend to vigorously defend ourselves in these matters.