such as Adobe Analytics, Adobe Target and Adobe Experience Manager, and the capability to be scalable and extensible.
Adobe Workfront
Adobe Workfront provides a unified work management App to enable teams to work more efficiently, with tools to strategize, plan, execute, review and deliver on complex workflows. Integrations with Adobe Creative Cloud and Adobe Experience Manager Assets allow our enterprise customers to scale content production with greater speed and efficiency. Adobe Workfront Planning, offered within Adobe Workfront, streamlines enterprise planning by delivering a comprehensive view of all marketing activities in an organization and enabling teams to be more strategic in planning and execution with full visibility into day-to-day marketing operations.
Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing
Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing is a generative AI-first product within Adobe GenStudio that enables marketing teams to use generative AI to quickly create on-brand advertisements and emails to deliver relevant and personalized experiences to their customers, while allowing brand and creative teams to retain oversight and strategic direction with brand guardrails. Businesses can import content performance data from third party platforms into Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing to understand campaign impact and optimize campaign performance. Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing natively integrates Digital Media and Digital Experience offerings, including Adobe Express and Adobe Experience Manager Assets, to optimize the process of planning, creating, managing, activating and measuring content for marketing campaigns and personalized customer experiences.
Customer Journeys
Our Customer Journeys solutions enable our customers to manage and orchestrate individual cross-channel campaigns that encourage meaningful customer experiences, personalize content and deliver optimized experiences at scale that are important to each of their customers and plan, orchestrate and measure engagement with their prospects and consumers at every stage of the customer journey. The following is a brief description of our products for Customer Journeys.
15
Table of Contents
Adobe Marketo Engage
Adobe Marketo Engage is a customer experience management solution optimized for B2B, cross-channel campaigns by bringing together planning, engagement and measurement capabilities into an integrated marketing platform. Capabilities include lead nurturing and management; predictive account profiling for creating account-based experiences; integrated sales App; and integrations with third-party marketing Apps and Adobe Experience Cloud. Adobe Marketo Engage simplifies how companies plan, orchestrate and measure engagement at each stage of the customer experience, and allows companies to better align marketing and sales to engage high priority accounts.
Adobe Campaign
Adobe Campaign is optimized for managing B2C cross-channel marketing campaigns. Adobe