consolidated the Shah and Gervat Actions (together, the “Consolidated Derivative Action”). On January 18, 2024, a shareholder derivative action captioned Sbriglio v. Narayen et al., Case No. 24-cv-429458, was filed in California Superior Court (the “Sbriglio Action”), purportedly on behalf of Adobe. On January 29, 2024, a shareholder derivative action captioned Roy v. Narayen et al., No. 1:24-cv-00633, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, (the “Roy Action,” and together with the Consolidated Derivative Action and the Sbriglio Action, the “Derivative Actions”), purportedly on behalf of Adobe. The Derivative Actions are based largely on the same alleged facts and circumstances as the Securities
21
Table of Contents
ADOBE INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Unaudited)
Action, and name certain of our current and former officers and members of our Board of Directors as defendants and Adobe as a nominal defendant. The Derivative Actions together allege claims for breach of fiduciary duty and/or aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, waste of corporate assets, abuse of control, and violations of Section 10(b) (and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder), Section 20(a), and/or Section 21D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and seek recovery of unspecified damages, restitution, and attorney’s fees and costs, as well as disgorgement of profits and certain payments and benefits, in the case of the Gervat Action, and improvements to Adobe’s corporate governance and internal procedures, in the case of the Shah Action, on behalf of Adobe. The Derivative Actions are presently stayed pending the final resolution of the motion to dismiss in the Securities Action.
We dispute the allegations of wrongdoing in the Securities Action and the Derivative Actions and intend to vigorously defend ourselves in these matters. In view of the complexity and ongoing and uncertain nature of the outstanding proceedings and inquiries, at this time we are unable to estimate a reasonably possible financial loss or range of financial loss, if any, that we may incur to resolve or settle the Securities Action and the Derivative Actions.
In connection with disputes relating to the validity or alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, including patent rights, we have been, are currently and may in the future be subject to claims, negotiations or complex, protracted litigation. Intellectual property disputes and litigation may be very costly and can be disruptive to our business operations by diverting the attention and energies of management and key technical personnel. Although we have successfully defended or resolved past litigation and disputes, we may not prevail in any ongoing or future litigation and disputes. Third-party intellectual property disputes could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into royalty and licensing