arrangements on unfavorable terms, prevent us from licensing certain of our products or offering certain of our services, subject us to injunctions restricting our sale of products or services, cause severe disruptions to our operations or the markets in which we compete, or require us to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers including contractual provisions under various license arrangements and service agreements.
22
Table of Contents
ADOBE INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Unaudited)
NOTE 13.
DEBT
The carrying value of our borrowings as of February 28, 2025 and November 29, 2024 were as follows:
Senior Notes
In January 2025, we issued $
800
million of senior notes due January 17, 2028, $
700
million of senior notes due January 17, 2030 and $
500
million of senior notes due January 17, 2035. Our total proceeds were approximately $
1.99
billion, net of an issuance discount of $
3
million and total issuance costs of $
9
million.
In February 2025, $
1.5
billion of senior notes became due and were repaid.
Discounts and issuance costs on our senior notes are amortized to interest expense over the terms of the respective notes using the effective interest method. Interest on the notes issued in February 2020 is payable semi-annually, in arrears, on February 1 and August 1. Interest on the notes issued in April 2024 is payable semi-annually, in arrears, on April 4 and October 4. Interest on the notes issued in January 2025 is payable semi-annually, in arrears, on January 17 and July 17.
During the three months ended February 28, 2025, we entered into interest rate swaps related to certain of our senior notes. The interest rate swaps effectively convert the fixed interest rates on the notes to floating interest rates based on the SOFR OIS. Under the terms of the swaps, we will pay quarterly interest at the daily compounded SOFR OIS plus a fixed number of basis points on the notional amount through the respective par call dates for the notes. In exchange, we will receive the fixed rate interest on the notes from the swap counterparties on a semi-annual basis. The fair value of the interest rate swaps is included in the carrying value of our debt in the condensed consolidated balance sheets.
See Note
5
for further details regarding our interest rate swap derivatives
.
Our senior notes rank equally with our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, and do not contain financial covenants. We may redeem the notes at any time, subject to a make-whole premium.
23
Table of Contents
ADOBE INC.
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Unaudited)
For the senior notes issued in February 2020, upon the occurrence of certain change of control triggering events, we may be required to repurchase the notes, at a price equal to
101
% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. In addition, these notes include covenants that limit our ability