create, collaborate, review, approve, sign and track documents regardless of platform or application source type. These Acrobat offerings enhance the way people manage critical documents at home, in the office and across devices. Last year, we introduced Acrobat AI Assistant, a generative AI-powered product designed to deliver insights and enhance productivity through interactive document experiences, which is available as an add-on subscription to our Adobe Acrobat Pro and Standard and Adobe Acrobat Reader products. Our Digital Media customers include business professionals, consumers, creative professionals, creators and marketers.
Annualized Recurring Revenue (“ARR”) is currently the key performance metric our management uses to assess the health and trajectory of our overall Digital Media segment. ARR should be viewed independently of revenue, deferred revenue
25
Table of Contents
and remaining performance obligations as ARR is a performance metric and is not intended to be combined with any of these items. Digital Media ARR continues to be calculated as the sum of the annual value of Digital Media subscriptions and services and the annual value of Digital Media Enterprise Term License Agreements. We adjust our reported ARR on an annual basis to reflect any exchange rate changes. Our reported ARR results in the current fiscal year are based on currency rates set at the beginning of the year and held constant throughout the year for measurement purposes. Prior year ARR balances are also revalued at the new currency rates for comparative purposes.
Digital Media ARR grew to $17.63 billion at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2025, representing 12.6% year-over-year growth. Our success in driving growth in ARR has positively affected our revenue growth. Digital Media segment revenue grew to $4.23 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2025, up from $3.82 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, representing 11% year-over-year growth.
Digital Experience
Our Digital Experience apps and services are designed to manage customer journeys, enable personalized experiences at scale and supply intelligence for businesses of any size in any industry. Digital Experience is comprised of solutions to deliver actionable data, with products such as Adobe Analytics and Adobe Real-Time Customer Data Platform; optimize content delivery, with products such as Adobe Experience Manager, Adobe Commerce and Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing; and manage customer journeys, with products such as Adobe Marketo Engage and Adobe Campaign. Our differentiation and competitive advantage are strengthened by our ability to use the Adobe Experience Platform to integrate our comprehensive set of solutions and our ability to embed AI into our product portfolio, such as with our Adobe Experience Platform AI Assistant, a generative AI-powered conversational interface designed to help customers automate workflows and generate new audiences and journeys. Our Digital