management team, including recruitment or departure of key personnel;
•
variations in our or our competitors’ results of operations, changes in the competitive landscape generally and developments in our industry;
•
general economic, political or market conditions; and
•
other events, such as significant litigation and regulatory actions and media and social media scrutiny.
In addition, the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general has experienced, and may in the future experience, extreme fluctuations, which has caused, and may in the future cause, our stock price to decline for reasons unrelated to our financial performance. Volatility in our stock price has increased, and may continue to increase, our susceptibility to securities class action litigation, which could result in substantial costs and divert management’s attention and resources, which may adversely affect our business.
ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
34
Table of Contents
ITEM 1C.  CYBERSECURITY
Risk Management and Strategy
Adobe has certain security processes, infrastructure, systems, policies and practices for assessing, identifying and managing risks from cybersecurity threats. We maintain an information security risk management framework for managing cybersecurity risks, priorities and projects for our products, services, infrastructure and corporate resources.
As part of our framework, a cybersecurity risk steering committee meets regularly to review newly identified risks and progress on remediating existing risks.
We conduct regular security reviews, simulations and testing, including internal and external penetration testing, vulnerability assessments and regular scans on our hosts and network devices. We review available threat intelligence, including information from industry groups and our security vendor.
We consult with third parties, including cybersecurity consultants, as part of our cybersecurity threat and risk management strategy.
Depending on the environment, our risk mitigation strategies include a variety of technical, physical and operational measures designed to manage and mitigate material risks from cybersecurity threats to our systems and data.
We require employees annually to complete a general security awareness training, and additional engineering and security specific training may also be required for certain positions. Further, we maintain a vendor security review program, which is designed to provide an assessment of the security practices of those third-party vendors that process Adobe non-public data or connect to our networks. We maintain an information security incident response plan designed to monitor, analyze, address, escalate and report cybersecurity incidents, and escalate certain cybersecurity incidents to members of management depending on the circumstances, including our Chief Security Officer (“CSO”), Chief Cybersecurity Legal and Privacy Officer (“CCPO”), Chief Financial Officer, Chief People Officer,