the senior notes due February 1, 2025 as current debt in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of November 29, 2024, the carrying value of our current debt was $
1.50
billion, net of the related discount and issuance costs.
Our senior notes rank equally with our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, and do not contain financial covenants. We may redeem the notes at any time, subject to a make-whole premium.
For the senior notes issued in January 2015 and February 2020, upon the occurrence of certain change of control triggering events, we may be required to repurchase the notes, at a price equal to
101
% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. In addition, these notes include covenants that limit our ability to grant liens on assets and to enter into sale and leaseback transactions, subject to significant allowances.
88
Table of Contents
ADOBE INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
Revolving Credit Agreement
In June 2022, we entered into a credit agreement (the “Revolving Credit Agreement”), providing for a
five-year
$
1.5
billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which replaced our previous
five-year
$
1
billion senior unsecured revolving credit agreement entered into in October 2018. The Revolving Credit Agreement provides for loans to Adobe and certain of its subsidiaries that may be designated from time to time as additional borrowers. Pursuant to the terms of the Revolving Credit Agreement, we may, subject to the agreement of lenders to provide additional commitments, obtain up to an additional $
500
million in commitments, for a maximum aggregate commitment of $
2
billion. At our election, loans under the Revolving Credit Agreement will bear interest at either (i) term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), plus a margin, (ii) adjusted daily SOFR, plus a margin, (iii) alternative currency rate, plus a margin, or (iv) base rate, which is defined as the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus
0.50
%, (b) the agent’s prime rate, or (c) term SOFR plus
1.00
%. The margin for term SOFR, adjusted daily SOFR and alternative currency rate loans is based on our debt ratings, and ranges from
0.460
% to
0.900
%. In addition, facility fees determined according to our debt ratings are payable on the aggregate commitments, regardless of usage, quarterly in an amount ranging from
0.040
% to
0.100
% per annum. We are permitted to permanently reduce the aggregate commitment under the Revolving Credit Agreement at any time. Subject to certain conditions stated in the Revolving Credit Agreement, Adobe and any of its subsidiaries designated as additional borrowers may borrow, prepay and re-borrow amounts at any time during the term of the Revolving Credit Agreement.
The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, including events of default and indemnification provisions in favor of the lenders. The