that of our third-party service providers, by malicious third parties, acting alone or in groups, or by more sophisticated organizations, including nation-states and state-sponsored organizations. Such risks may be elevated in connection with geopolitical tensions, including the Russia-Ukraine war and the conflict in the Middle East. Certain unauthorized parties have in the past managed, and may in the future manage, to overcome our security measures and those of our third-party service providers to access and misuse systems and software by exploiting defects in design or manufacture, including bugs, vulnerabilities and other problems that unexpectedly compromise the security or operation of a product or system. Further, unauthorized parties may also gain physical access to our facilities and infiltrate our information systems or attempt to gain logical access to our products, services or information systems to access content and data and may result in computer viruses, worms, ransomware or other malware. Malicious third parties have in the past, and may in the future, fraudulently induce our employees or users of our products, services or solutions to disclose sensitive, personal or confidential information via illegal electronic spamming, phishing, social engineering or other tactics, and this risk is heightened in our current hybrid model working environment. Malicious actors may also engage in fraudulent or abusive activities through our products, services and solutions, including unauthorized use of accounts through stolen credentials, use of stolen credit cards or other payment vehicles, failure to pay for services accessed, or other activities that
26
Table of Contents
violate our terms of service. While we actively combat such fraudulent activities, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, impacts to our revenue from such activities.
Maintaining the security of our products, services and solutions is a critical issue for us and our customers. We devote significant resources to address security vulnerabilities through various methods, including, but not limited to, engineering more secure products, enhancing security and reliability features in our products and systems, regularly reviewing our service providers’ security controls, and continually assessing and improving, as appropriate, our incident response process. However, it is impossible to accurately predict the extent, frequency or impact cybersecurity issues may have on us, and our security measures do not provide full effective protection from all such events. The costs to prevent, eliminate, mitigate or remediate cybersecurity or other security problems and vulnerabilities are significant and may reduce our margins. Breaches of our security measures and the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unauthorized dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive, personal or confidential data about us, our employees, our customers or their end users, including