world.
OFFERINGS
We deliver a wide range of products, services and solutions to empower our customers and users to imagine and express ideas, create content and bring any digital experience to life. We focus our strategic investments in two areas of growth:
Digital Media.
We provide products, services and solutions that enable individuals, teams, businesses, enterprises, institutions, and governments to create, publish and promote their content anywhere, and accelerate their productivity by transforming how they view, share, engage with and collaborate on documents and content creation. Our Digital Media segment is centered around Adobe Creative Cloud and Adobe Document Cloud, which include Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Lightroom, Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Acrobat Sign, Adobe Express, Adobe Firefly and many more products, offering a variety of tools for creative professionals (like photographers, graphic designers, video editors and game developers), communicators and other consumers. This is the core of what we have delivered to customers and users for decades, and we have continually evolved and expanded our Digital Media business model to provide our customers and users with a range of flexible solutions to help them reach their full creative potential.
Digital Experience.
We provide an integrated platform and set of products, services and solutions through Adobe Experience Cloud that enable businesses to create, manage, execute, measure, monetize and optimize customer experiences. Our customers include marketers, advertisers, agencies, publishers, merchandisers, merchants, web analysts, data scientists, developers and executives across the C-suite. The foundation of our offering is Adobe Experience Platform, which provides businesses with an open and extensible system for customer experience management that transforms customer data into robust customer profiles that update in real time and uses insights to deliver personalized digital experiences across various channels.
We offer a comprehensive suite of products, services and solutions to our customers in our Digital Media business and Digital Experience business. With Adobe GenStudio, our cross-cloud, end-to-end solution that packages offerings across Digital Experience and Digital Media, enterprises can automate, optimize and accelerate their content supply chains for
3
Table of Contents
marketing campaigns and personalized customer experiences. We believe we are well positioned to deliver value in both the Digital Media and Digital Experience strategic areas where our mission to change the world through personalized digital experiences has never been more relevant as people seek new ways to create, collaborate and communicate and businesses continue to invest in digital transformation.
SEGMENTS
Our business is organized into three reportable segments:
•
Digital Media;
•
Digital Experience; and
•
Publishing and Advertising.
These segments provide Adobe’s senior