constraint.
Remaining performance obligations were approximately $
19.96
billion as of November 29, 2024. Non-cancellable and non-refundable committed funds related to some of our enterprise customer agreements referred to in the paragraph above comprised approximately
4
% of the total remaining performance obligations. Approximately
67
% of the remaining performance obligations, excluding the aforementioned enterprise customer agreements, are expected to be recognized over the next 12 months with the remainder recognized thereafter.
Contract Acquisition Costs
We recognize an asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if we expect the benefit of those costs to be longer than one year. We have determined that certain sales incentive programs meet the requirements to be capitalized.
The costs capitalized are primarily sales commissions paid to our sales force personnel. Capitalized costs may also include portions of fringe benefits and payroll taxes associated with compensation for incremental costs to acquire customer contracts and incentive payments to partners.
Capitalized costs to obtain a contract are amortized over the expected period of benefit, which we have determined, based on analysis, to be
5
years. Amortization of capitalized costs are included in sales and marketing expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income. During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, we amortized $
272
million, $
254
million and $
238
million of capitalized contract acquisition costs into sales and marketing expense, respectively. We did not incur any impairment losses for all periods presented.
Capitalized contract acquisition costs were $
717
million and $
656
million as of November 29, 2024 and December 1, 2023, of which $
464
million and $
422
million was long-term and included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. The remaining balance of the capitalized costs to obtain contracts was current and included in prepaid expenses and other current assets.
Refund Liabilities
We record refund liabilities for amounts that may be subject to future refunds, which include sales returns reserves and customer rebates and credits. Refund liabilities are included in accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refund liabilities were $
141
million and $
111
million as of November 29, 2024 and December 1, 2023, respectively.
Significant Customers
For all periods presented, there were no customers that represented at least 10% of net revenue or that were responsible for over 10% of our trade receivables.
68
Table of Contents
ADOBE INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 3.
ACQUISITIONS
Figma
On September 15, 2022, we entered into a definitive merger agreement under which we intended to acquire Figma, Inc. (“Figma”) for approximately $
20
billion, comprised of approximately half cash and half stock.
On December 17, 2023, we entered into a mutual termination agreement with Figma to terminate the