achieve greater and faster adoption, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our business and financial results. Other companies have, or in the future may obtain, proprietary rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use or sell our AI offerings. Further, we expect AI offerings to be highly competitive and rapidly evolving. For example, we face increasing competition from companies offering generative AI capabilities, including text-to-image, text-to-video and multi-modal offerings that compete directly with our creative offerings. If we are not able to provide products, services and solutions that compete effectively, we could experience reduced sales and our business could be adversely affected.
For additional information regarding our competition and the risks arising out of the competitive environment in which we operate, see the section titled “Competition” contained in Part I, Item 1 of this report.
If our reputation or our brands are damaged, our business and financial results may be adversely affected.
We believe our reputation and brands have been, and we expect them to continue to be, important to our business and financial results. Maintaining and enhancing our brands may require us to make substantial investments and these investments may not be successful. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, reputational harm from, among other things, the introduction of new products, features, services, or terms that do not meet customer expectations; our position on or approach to new and evolving technologies, including AI; backlash from customers, the creative community, government entities or other stakeholders that disagree with our product offering decisions or public policy, ethical or political positions; significant litigation or regulatory actions that negatively reflect on our business practices; data security breaches or compliance failures; and public scrutiny or negative publicity, including being the target of media and social media campaigns, criticizing our actual or perceived actions or inactions, policies, terms, agreements, handling of user privacy, data practices or content. Further, our brands may be negatively affected by uses of our products, services or solutions, particularly our AI offerings, in ways that are out of our control, such as to create or disseminate content that is deemed to be misleading, deceptive or intended to manipulate public opinion, or for illicit, objectionable or illegal ends, or by our failure to respond appropriately and in a timely manner to such uses. Such uses may result in controversy or claims related to defamation, rights of publicity, illegal content, intellectual property infringement, harmful content, misinformation and disinformation, harmful bias, misappropriation, data privacy, derivative uses of third-party AI and personal injury torts. If we fail to appropriately respond to objectionable content