greatly from the combination of Adobe technology and the deep customer context that our partners represent.
Customer Success Account Management
Adobe Customer Solutions provides Customer Success Managers, who work with our enterprise and commercial customers on an ongoing basis to understand their current and future business needs, promote faster solution adoption and align product capabilities to our customers’ business objectives to maximize the return on their investment in Adobe’s offerings. We share innovative best practices, relevant industry and vertical knowledge and proven success strategies based on our extensive engagements with leading marketers and brands. The performance of these teams is directly associated with our customer-focused outcomes.
Technical Support
Adobe provides enterprise maintenance and support services to our subscription customers as part of the subscription entitlement and to our perpetual license customers via annual fee-based maintenance and support programs. These offerings provide our customers with:
•
technical support on the products our customers have purchased from Adobe;
•
“how to” help in using our products; and
•
product upgrades and enhancements during the term of the maintenance and support or subscription period, which is typically one to three years.
We provide product support through our support organization that includes several regional and global support centers, supplemented with outsourced vendors for specific services. Our customers can seek help through multiple channels including phone, chat, web, social media and email, allowing quick and easy access to the information they need. These teams are responsible for providing timely, high-quality technical expertise on all our products.
Certain consumers are eligible to receive Getting Started support, to assist with easy adoption of their products. Support for some products and in some countries may vary. For our enterprise customers with greater support needs, we offer personalized service options through premium support offerings, delivered by global support centers and technical account managers who can also provide proactive risk mitigation services and on-site support services for those with business-critical deployments.
We also offer delivery assurance, technical support and enablement services to partners and developer organizations. We provide developers with high-quality tools, software development kits, information and services.
17
Table of Contents
Digital Learning Services
Adobe Customer Solutions offers a comprehensive portfolio of learning and enablement services to assist our customer and partner teams in the use of our products, including those within Digital Experience, Digital Media and other legacy products, services and solutions. Our training portfolio includes a large number of free online self-service learning options on learning.adobe.com. Adobe Digital Learning Services also has an extensive portfolio of fee-based