limitations on certain income tax examination periods will expire, or both. Although the timing of resolution, settlement and closing of audits is not certain, it is reasonably possible that the underlying unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by up to $
50
million over the next 12 months.
NOTE 11.
BENEFIT PLANS
Retirement Savings Plan
The Adobe Inc. 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, qualified under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, is a retirement savings plan covering substantially all of our U.S. employees. Under the plan, eligible employees may contribute up to
65
% of their pretax or after-tax salary, subject to the IRS annual contribution limits. In fiscal 2024, we matched
50
% of the first
6
% of the employee’s eligible compensation. We contributed $
91
million, $
85
million and $
76
million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We are under no obligation to continue matching future employee contributions and, at our discretion, may change our practices at any time.
Deferred Compensation Plan
The Adobe Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan is an unfunded, non-qualified, deferred compensation arrangement under which certain executives are able to defer a portion of their annual compensation. Participants may elect to contribute up to
75
% of their base salary and
100
% of other specified compensation, including commissions and bonuses. Members of the Board of Directors are also eligible to participate and are able to defer their directors’ fees and elect cash benefit distributions in the same manner as executives. Additionally, members of the Board are permitted to defer equity awards. Participants are able to elect the payment of benefits to begin on a specified date at least three years after the end of the plan year in which election is made or, with respect to equity awards, vests. For cash benefit elections, distributions are made in cash in the form of a lump sum, or
79
Table of Contents
ADOBE INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
five, ten, or fifteen-year annual installments. For equity award elections, distributions are made in stock in the form of a lump sum payment only.
Certain deferred compensation is invested in money market and other mutual funds and subsequently recorded as other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, with corresponding unrealized holding gains and losses recorded as investment gains (losses) in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Undistributed deferred compensation is recorded as other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
As of November 29, 2024 and December 1, 2023, the invested amounts under the plan totaled $
283
million and $
206
million, respectively. As of November 29, 2024 and December 1, 2023, undistributed deferred compensation due to participants totaled $
297
million and $
222
million, respectively.
NOTE 12.
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
Our stock-based compensation programs are long-term retention programs that are intended to attract, retain and