Supplemental cash flow information for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 related to operating leases was as follows:
The weighted-average remaining lease term and weighted-average discount rate for our operating lease liabilities as of November 29, 2024 were
6
years and
2.69
%, respectively.
As of November 29, 2024, the maturities of lease liabilities under operating leases were as follows:
NOTE 19.
NON-OPERATING INCOME (EXPENSE)
Non-operating income (expense) for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 included the following:
90
Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
Adobe Inc.:
Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Adobe Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of November 29, 2024 and December 1, 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three fiscal year period ended November 29, 2024, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of November 29, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of November 29, 2024 and December 1, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three fiscal year period ended November 29, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of November 29, 2024 based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Basis for Opinions
The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange