casting, location scouting, footage reviews, and marketing campaign management, as well as still images, design files and PDFs. Frame.io is directly integrated with Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe After Effects, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Lightroom and Adobe Workfront to allow video creators to request and receive streamlined frame-specific comments directly in those Apps. Frame.io’s Camera to Cloud functionality allows creators to automatically upload footage from cameras and other recording devices on set directly into Frame.io for review, with integrations for still image cameras that can connect natively to the platform. Frame.io, along with Adobe Express and Adobe Firefly Services, are available in Adobe GenStudio to enable content production at scale.
Adobe Substance 3D Collection
Adobe Substance 3D is an ecosystem of desktop Apps, including Substance 3D Stager, Substance 3D Painter, Substance 3D Sampler, Substance 3D Designer and Substance 3D Modeler. Our customers can build and assemble 3D scenes with Stager, use tools in Painter to texture 3D assets, from advanced brushes to Smart Materials that automatically adapt to your model and use Sampler to digitize and enrich assets. Substance 3D Assets is a 3D materials library from which users can import professional quality 3D textures into their projects and generate infinite texture variations. Substance 3D Modeler, which is available on desktop and certain VR headsets, interprets spatial input from the physical world, allowing the user to sculpt a model as if in a real workshop, using natural, fluid gestures of the artistic flow, and switch between VR and desktop, at every project stage.
Behance
Behance is a social community for creators to showcase and discover creative work online and live-stream their skills and creations from Creative Cloud Apps. Adobe Portfolio allows users to quickly and simply build a fully customizable and hosted website that seamlessly syncs with Behance.
Adobe Document Cloud
Adobe Document Cloud is a cloud-based subscription offering that enables complete, reliable and automated digital document and signature workflows across desktop, mobile, web and third-party enterprise Apps to drive business productivity for individuals, teams, small businesses and enterprises. With Document Cloud, users can create, review, approve, sign and track documents and store them in the cloud for easy access and sharing across surfaces. Document Cloud includes Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Acrobat Sign, Adobe Scan and other Apps and API services that work standalone or integrate with users’ existing productivity Apps, processes and systems.
12
Table of Contents
All the Apps listed below are available through a subscription to Adobe Acrobat. With the Acrobat Standard plan, subscribers can convert, edit, request signatures, and protect PDFs. The Acrobat Pro plan, available through both our Creative Cloud and Document Cloud businesses, offers additional advanced PDF features. Acrobat AI Assistant, our