Performance Marketing.
•
Customer journeys
. Our products help businesses manage, test, target and personalize customer journeys delivered as campaigns across B2B and B2C use cases, including through Adobe Marketo Engage, Adobe Campaign, Adobe Target and Adobe Journey Optimizer.
In addition to chief marketing officers, chief revenue officers and digital marketers, users of our Digital Experience solutions include advertisers, campaign managers, publishers, data analysts, content managers, social marketers, marketing executives and information management and technology executives. These customers often are involved in workflows that integrate other Adobe products, such as our Digital Media offerings. By combining the creativity of our Digital Media business
40
Table of Contents
with the science of our Digital Experience business, such as with our Adobe GenStudio solution, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop.
We utilize a direct sales force to market and license our Digital Experience solutions, as well as an extensive ecosystem of partners, including marketing agencies, systems integrators and independent software vendors that help license and deploy our solutions to their customers. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments and our experience-led growth strategy.
Digital Experience revenue was $5.37 billion in fiscal 2024, up from $4.89 billion in fiscal 2023, representing 10% year-over-year growth. Subscription revenue grew to $4.86 billion in fiscal 2024, up from $4.33 billion in fiscal 2023, representing 12% year-over-year growth.
Macroeconomic Conditions
As a corporation with an extensive global footprint, we are subject to risks and exposures from the evolving macroeconomic environment, including the effects of increased global inflationary pressures and interest rates, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, potential economic slowdowns or recessions and geopolitical pressures, including the unknown impacts of current and future trade regulations. We continuously monitor the direct and indirect impacts of these circumstances on our business and financial results.
While our revenue and earnings are relatively predictable as a result of our subscription-based business model, the broader implications of these macroeconomic events on our business, results of operations and overall financial position, particularly in the long term, remain uncertain.
See the section titled “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this report for further discussion of the possible impact of these macroeconomic issues on our business.
Financial Performance Summary for Fiscal 2024
•
Total Digital Media ARR of approximately $17.33 billion as of November 29, 2024 increased by $2.00 billion, or