retailers, software developers, mobile App stores, systems integrators, independent software vendors and value-added resellers, as well as through original equipment manufacturers and hardware manufacturers.
Our local field offices include locations in Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, Denmark, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Republic of Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, the United Kingdom and the United States.
We sell most of our products through a software subscription model where our customers purchase access to a product for a specific period during which they always have rights to use the most recent version of that product. We also license perpetual versions of certain products with maintenance and support, which includes rights to upgrades, when and if available, support, updates and enhancements.
16
Table of Contents
Services and Support
We provide expert consulting, customer success management, technical support and learning services across all our customer segments, which include enterprises, small and medium businesses, creative professionals and consumers. With a focus on ensuring sustained customer success and realized value, this comprehensive portfolio of services is designed to help our customers and partners maximize the return on their investments in our cloud solutions and licensed products.
Consulting Services
We have a global professional services team dedicated to designing and implementing solutions for our largest customers. Our professional services team uses a comprehensive, customer-focused methodology that has been refined over years of capturing and analyzing best practices from numerous customer engagements across a diverse mix of solutions, industries and customer segments. Our customers continually seek to integrate across Adobe’s products and cloud solutions and engage our professional services teams for their expertise in leading our customers’ digital strategies, multi-solution integrations and in running our customers’ platforms. Using our methodology, our professional services teams can accelerate our customers’ time to value and maximize their return on investment in Adobe solutions.
Another key component of Adobe’s strategy is developing a large partner ecosystem to expand the availability of Adobe solutions in the global marketplace. To assist partners in building their respective digital practices, Adobe Global Services provides a comprehensive set of deliverables through Adobe’s Solution Partner Program. The breadth of services offered in the program provides systems integrators, agencies and regional partners the tools required to develop core capabilities for positioning and building with Adobe technology, as well as implementing and running our customers’ platforms. We believe that through these programmatic services and support, our joint customers benefit