President of Digital Media, President of Digital Experience, General Counsel and Chief Executive Officer.
For a description of the risks from cybersecurity threats that may materially affect us, see the risks described in the section titled
“Risk Factors” contained in Part
I
, Item IA
of this report, including under the headings “Security incidents, improper access to or disclosure of our customers’ data or other cybersecurity incidents may harm our reputation and materially and adversely affect our business.”
Governance
Our Board of Directors (the “Board”) addresses cybersecurity risk management as part of its general oversight function.
The Audit Committee of the Board (the “Audit Committee”) has oversight of enterprise risks, including risks related to cybersecurity.
In this regard, the Audit Committee reviews and discusses with management the adequacy and effectiveness of our information security, technology and privacy policies and the internal controls regarding these areas.
Our Audit Committee receives regular cybersecurity updates about general cybersecurity risks from our CSO and updates about the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents from our CSO and CCPO. Cybersecurity updates presented to the Audit Committee are reported to the Board by the
Audit Committee Chair
. We also have a Cyber Disclosure Committee, comprised of cross-functional leaders including finance, risk, operations and investor relations and led by the CSO and CCPO, that meets to assess certain incidents and makes determinations regarding materiality. Additionally, our CSO and CCPO identify certain cybersecurity risks that are reviewed as part of the enterprise risk management framework and presented to the Board and the Audit Committee on an annual basis.
Our cybersecurity risk assessment and management processes are implemented and maintained by certain management members, including our
CSO and CCPO
,
whom each has extensive cybersecurity experience in their respective areas of responsibility and expertise.
Our CSO, who reports to the Chief Financial Officer, has primary responsibility for hiring appropriate information security personnel and managing workloads of information security personnel, engaging and overseeing third-party cybersecurity consultants, approving budgets and cybersecurity processes, preparing for incident response, reviewing security assessments and other security-related reports, communicating key priorities to relevant personnel, including the security incident response team, assessing and managing Adobe’s overall cybersecurity strategy, standards, risk management (in consultation with the cybersecurity risk steering committee) and processes. Our CCPO, who reports to the General Counsel, has primary responsibility for the legal aspects of the cybersecurity program, including assessing and providing advice on our cybersecurity strategy, standards, risk management, policies, processes and legal obligations.