reverse repurchase agreements which were fully paid in early July 2024. Details of the reverse repurchase agreements are as follows:
We vary the maturities of our committed credit facilities to limit the refinancing risk of any one facility. We have a $4.55 billion, 364-day credit agreement that matures in June 2025 with a one year term-out option. In addition, we have a five-year $2.25 billion credit facility and a five-year $3.5 billion credit facility maturing in June 2028 and June 2029, respectively, each with an accordion feature under which the aggregate commitment can be increased by $500 million, subject to the availability of additional commitments. The primary uses of the credit facilities are to provide liquidity to the commercial paper program and funding for general corporate purposes, if necessary. We had no borrowings through March 31, 2025 under the credit facilities. We believe that we currently meet all conditions set forth in the revolving credit agreements to borrow thereunder and we are not aware of any conditions that would prevent us from borrowing part or all of the $10.3 billion available to us under the revolving credit agreements. See Note 10 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our short-term financing, including credit facilities.
Our investment portfolio does not contain any asset-backed securities with underlying collateral of sub-prime mortgages, alternative-A mortgages, sub-prime auto loans or sub-prime home equity loans, collateralized debt obligations, collateralized loan obligations, credit default swaps, derivatives, auction rate securities, structured investment vehicles or non-investment grade fixed-income securities. We own AAA-rated senior tranches of primarily fixed rate auto loan, credit card, and equipment lease receivables, secured predominantly by prime collateral. All collateral on asset-backed securities has performed as expected through March 31, 2025. In addition, we own U.S. government securities which primarily include debt directly issued by Federal Farm Credit Banks and Federal Home Loan Banks. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years (in the case of the extended portfolio) and out to ten years (in the case of the long portfolio). This investment strategy is supported by our short-term financing arrangements necessary to satisfy short-term funding requirements relating to client funds obligations. See Note 7 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our corporate investments and funds held for clients.
Capital expenditures for the nine months ended March 31, 2025 were $139.9 million,
as compared to
$151.6 million
for
the nine months ended March 31, 2024. We expect capital expenditures in fiscal 2025 to be between $180.0 million and $200.0 million, as compared to $211.7 million in fiscal 2024.
37
QUANTITATIVE AND