that relate to the performance of our services and products. We do not expect any material losses related to such representations and warranties.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Our overall investment portfolio is comprised of corporate investments (cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities) and client funds assets (funds that have been collected from clients but have not yet been remitted to the applicable tax authorities, client employees or other payees).
Our corporate investments are invested in cash and cash equivalents and highly liquid, investment-grade marketable securities. These assets are available for our regular quarterly dividends, share repurchases, capital expenditures and/or acquisitions, as well as other corporate operating purposes. All of our fixed-income securities are classified as available-for-sale securities.
38
Our client funds assets are invested with safety of principal, liquidity, and diversification as the primary objectives. Consistent with those objectives, we also seek to maximize interest income and to minimize the volatility of interest income.  Client funds assets are invested in highly liquid, investment-grade marketable securities, with a maximum maturity of 10 years at the time of purchase, and money market securities and other cash equivalents.
We utilize a strategy by which we extend the maturities of our investment portfolio for funds held for clients and employ short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years (in the case of the extended portfolio) and out to ten years (in the case of the long portfolio). As part of our client funds investment strategy, we use the daily collection of funds from our clients to satisfy other unrelated client funds obligations, rather than liquidating previously-collected client funds that have already been invested in available-for-sale securities. In circumstances where we experience a reduction in employment levels due to a slowdown in the economy, we may make tactical decisions to sell certain securities in order to reduce the size of the funds held for clients to correspond to client funds obligations. We attempt to minimize the risk of not having funds collected from a client available at the time such client’s obligation becomes due by generally impounding the client’s funds by the time we pay such client’s obligation. When we don’t impound client funds in advance of paying such client obligations, we are at risk of not recovering such funds or experiencing a material delay in such recovery. Through our clients funds investment strategy and client impounding processes, we have consistently maintained the required level of liquidity to satisfy all of our obligations.
There are inherent risks