in-class HCM technology by launching ADP Assist, our cross-platform solution powered by generative AI ("GenAI") that empowers employees and HR professionals through smart, user-centric solutions. To lean into our unmatched expertise, we provided our service and implementation associates with new GenAI capabilities to help them deliver even better client experiences. Finally, we leveraged our global scale by extending our global footprint and deepening our partnerships with other leading technology providers to simplify HCM processes for our clients.
Highlights from the year ended June 30, 2024 include:
•
Revenue growth of 7% to $19,202.6 million; 6% organic constant currency
•
Earnings before income taxes margin expansion of 70 bps, and adjusted EBIT margin expansion of 70 bps
•
Diluted and adjusted diluted earnings per share ("EPS") growth of 11% and 12%, to $9.10 and $9.18, respectively
•
Cash returned via shareholder friendly actions of $3.4B, including $2.2B of dividends and $1.2B of share repurchases
For fiscal 2024, we delivered solid revenue growth of 7%, 6% on organic constant currency. Our pays per control metric, which represents the number of employees on ADP clients' payrolls in the United States when measured on a same-store-sales basis for a subset of clients ranging from small to large businesses, grew 2% for the year ended June 30, 2024 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2023. PEO average worksite employees increased 2% for the year ended June 30, 2024, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2023. Additionally, our strong ES new business bookings performance resulted in growth of 7% in fiscal 2024, and ES client revenue retention was 92% driven by continued improvement in our client satisfaction scores. We believe these results are largely attributable to improvements made to our platforms and service over multiple years.
We have a strong business model, generating significant cash flows with low capital intensity, and offer a suite of products that provide critical support to our clients’ HCM functions. We generate sufficient free cash flow to satisfy our cash dividend and our modest debt obligations, which enables us to absorb the impact of downturns and remain steadfast in our long term strategy and commitments to shareholder friendly actions. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate.
Our financial condition remains solid at June 30, 2024 and we remain well positioned to support our associates and our clients.
29
RESULTS AND ANALYSIS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS
Total Revenues
For the year ended June 30, respectively:
Revenues in fiscal 2024 increased due to new business started from New Business Bookings, an increase in zero-margin benefits pass-throughs, an increase in our pays per control, continued strong client retention, an increase in interest on funds held for