terms, where appropriate, in our contracts with third-party service providers that require third parties to maintain security controls to protect our data and notify us in the event of a cybersecurity incident.
•
Security Awareness and Training Program
.  Our security training and awareness program is a continuous, dynamic initiative, designed to develop and maintain a security-focused culture and empower our associates to make responsible, secure decisions. As part of this awareness program, we communicate to our associates on a regular basis regarding key security topics and current events, best practices for addressing such cybersecurity threats, and
24
gamification to reinforce effective behaviors. All associates are also required to take an annual, interactive security training program that includes an overview of key security topics, policies and responsibilities.
We have also integrated cybersecurity related risks into our enterprise risk management program, which is designed to identify, prioritize, assess, monitor and mitigate the various risks confronting ADP, including cybersecurity risks. Our enterprise risk management team conducts a range of activities, including an annual enterprise risk management assessment.
We have been, and continue to be, the subject of cybersecurity attacks, including unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption, and denial of service. Although we believe that we maintain a robust program of information security and controls and none of the cybersecurity incidents that we have identified to date have materially affected us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition, we cannot provide assurances that a cybersecurity incident will not materially affect us, or our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition in the future. For additional information on cybersecurity related risks, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Governance
A cross-functional, enterprise-wide management program operates to evaluate our global cybersecurity program’s effectiveness and members of the company’s executive committee, through an executive security council, routinely review strategy, policy, program effectiveness, standards enforcement and cyber issue management.
Our chief information security officer (“CISO”) leads our global cybersecurity program and oversees the global cybersecurity services team, which is responsible for monitoring, identifying, assessing and managing cybersecurity threats across ADP. Our CISO reports to our chief security officer (“CSO”), who leads our global security organization and is responsible for cybersecurity, fraud prevention, operational risk management, client security management, and workforce protection. Our CSO has over 20 years of experience in a range of security roles, including serving as a chief security officer at another public company, and participates in various cyber