information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms.
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
It is the responsibility of Automatic Data Processing, Inc.'s (“ADP”) management to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to ADP's management and board of directors regarding the preparation of reliable financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
ADP's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of ADP; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of ADP are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of ADP; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of ADP's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements of ADP.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
Management has performed an assessment of the effectiveness of ADP’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024 based upon criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  Based on this assessment, management determined that ADP’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2024.
Deloitte & Touche LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited and reported on the consolidated financial statements of ADP included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the operating effectiveness of ADP's internal control over financial reporting. The Deloitte & Touche LLP attestation report is set forth below.
Roseland, New Jersey
August 7, 2024
79
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in ADP's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, ADP's internal control over financial reporting.
80
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors