ADP Indemnity recorded a pre-tax benefit of approximately $3 million in fiscal 2024 and a pre-tax benefit of approximately $73 million in fiscal 2023, which were primarily the results of less favorable actuarial loss development in workers’ compensation reserves. ADP Indemnity paid a premium of $276 million in July 2024, to enter into a reinsurance agreement with Chubb to cover substantially all losses incurred by ADP Indemnity for fiscal 2025 policy year on terms substantially similar to the fiscal 2024 reinsurance policy.
Other
The primary components of “Other” are certain corporate overhead charges and expenses that have not been allocated to the reportable segments, including corporate functions, costs related to our transformation office, severance costs, non-recurring gains and losses, the elimination of intercompany transactions, and all other interest income and expense.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In addition to our GAAP results, we use the adjusted results and other non-GAAP metrics set forth in the table below to evaluate our operating performance in the absence of certain items and for planning and forecasting of future periods:
We believe that the exclusion of the identified items helps us reflect the fundamentals of our underlying business model and analyze results against our expectations and against prior periods, and to plan for future periods by focusing on our underlying operations. We believe that the adjusted results provide relevant and useful information for investors because it allows investors to view performance in a manner similar to the method used by management and improves their ability to understand and assess our operating performance.  The nature of these exclusions is for specific items that are not fundamental to our underlying business operations.  Since these adjusted financial measures and other non-GAAP metrics are not measures of performance calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, they should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or superior to their corresponding U.S. GAAP measures, and they may not be comparable to similarly titled measures at other companies.
34
(a) In adjusted EBIT, we include the interest income earned on investments associated with our client funds extended investment strategy and interest expense on borrowings related to our client funds extended investment strategy as we believe these amounts to be fundamental to the underlying operations of our business model. The adjustments in the table above represent the interest income and interest expense that are not related to our client funds extended investment strategy and are labeled as “All other interest expense” and “All other interest income.”
(b) In fiscal 2024, the charges include consulting costs relating to our company-wide transformation initiatives.
(c) Represents reserve reversal of a legal matter from fiscal 2023.
(d) The charges relating to workforce optimization represent severance charges. Severance