overtime, staffing and benefit costs, and have their ADP HR expert help tailor recommendations to continue to drive their business forward. A payroll specialist is also available to clients to help them ensure their workers are paid correctly, on time and compliantly.
ADP Comprehensive Services.
ADP Comprehensive Services combines personalized, high-touch support with our market-leading ADP Workforce Now platform to offer a managed services solution tailored to the specific needs of businesses of all sizes. Our committed team of professionals provides expertise, guidance, and tools across HR, talent, payroll, and benefits administration leveraging proven expertise, deep experience, and best practices. We take the time to understand our clients’ businesses to offer the right support, enabling a flexible partnership that can cover one, some, or all areas of HR and payroll.
Our service is designed
to act as an extension of our client’s
in-house resources, providing outsourced execution that effectively combines processes and technology. With ADP Comprehensive Services, our clients can confidently execute their HCM operations, knowing they have the robust support of our team behind them.
ADP Comprehensive Outsourcing Services (ADP COS).
ADP COS is designed for large enterprise outsourcing for payroll. With ADP COS, the day-to-day payroll process becomes our responsibility, freeing up clients to address critical issues like employee engagement and retention. The combination of technology, deep expertise and data-driven insights that ADP COS offers is powerful, allowing clients to focus on strategy and results.
ADP Recruitment Process Outsourcing Services (ADP RPO
®
).
ADP RPO provides deep talent insights to help drive targeted recruitment strategies for attracting top talent. With global, customizable recruitment services, ADP RPO enables organizations to find and hire the best candidates for hourly, professional or executive positions. In addition, we also deliver market analytics, sourcing strategies, candidate screening, selection and on-boarding solutions to help organizations connect their talent strategy to their business’s priorities.
Global Solutions
Our premier global solutions consist of multi-country and local in-country solutions for employers of any type or size. We partner with clients to help them navigate the most complex HR and payroll scenarios using tailored and scalable technology supported by our deep compliance expertise.
ADP Global Payroll is a solution for multinational organizations of all sizes, empowering them to harmonize
11
HCM strategies in over 140 countries globally. This improves visibility, control and operational efficiency, giving organizations the insight and confidence to adapt to changing local needs, while helping to drive overall organizational agility and engagement.
We also offer comprehensive, country-specific HCM solutions that combine innovative technology with deep local expertise. By operating a