statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.
☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b).
☐
The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of the last business day of the Registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately $
95,597,065,890
. On August 2, 2024 there were
407,795,203
shares of Common Stock outstanding.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Table of Contents
2
Part I
Item 1. Business
CORPORATE BACKGROUND
General
In 1949, our founders established ADP to shape the world of work with a simple, innovative idea: help clients focus on their business by solving their payroll challenges. Today, we are one of the world’s leading global technology companies providing comprehensive cloud-based human capital management (HCM) solutions that unite HR, payroll, talent, time, tax and benefits administration. Our unmatched experience, expertise, insights and cutting-edge technology have transformed HCM from an administrative challenge to a strategic business advantage. Tailored to meet the needs of businesses of all sizes, we help them work smarter today so they can have more success tomorrow. We serve over 1.1 million clients and pay over 42 million workers in over 140 countries and territories. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market® under the symbol “ADP.”
When we refer to “we,” “us,” “our,” “ADP,” or the “Company” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we mean Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
3
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
ADP’s Mission
Our mission is to power organizations with insightful Human Capital Management (HCM) solutions that meet the changing needs of our clients and their workers.
Data, digital technology, artificial intelligence, globalization, new business models and other significant events and disruptions continuously reshape the way people work. Our HCM technology, industry and compliance expertise and data insights deliver measurable results and peace-of-mind, and contribute to an engaged, productive workforce. Our leading technology and commitment to service excellence are at the core of our relationship with each one of our clients, whether it's a small, mid-sized or large organization operating in one or multiple countries around the world. We are always designing better ways to work through cutting-edge products, premium services and exceptional experiences that enable people to reach their full potential.
ADP
’
s Business Pillars
Our business is organized around three pillars which represent our core growth areas.
U.S. HCM Solutions
: In the United States, we provide cloud-based HCM software