of available-for-sale securities at March 31, 2025 are as follows:
Note 8.
Leases
The Company records leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets, records the current portion of operating lease liabilities within
accrued expenses and other current liabilities
and, separately, records long-term operating lease liabilities. The difference between total ROU assets and total lease liabilities is primarily attributable to prepayments of our obligations and the recognition of various lease incentives.
The Company has entered into operating lease agreements for facilities and equipment. The Company's leases have remaining lease terms of up to approximately
eleven years
.
The components of operating lease expense were as follows:
The following table provides supplemental cash flow information related to the Company's leases:
Other information related to our operating lease liabilities is as follows:
15
As of March 31, 2025, maturities of operating lease liabilities are as follows:
Note 9.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net
Changes in goodwill for the nine months ended March 31, 2025 are as follows:
Components of intangible assets, net, are as follows:
Other intangibles consist primarily of purchased rights, trademarks and trade names (acquired directly or through acquisitions). All intangible assets have finite lives and, as such, are subject to amortization. The weighted average remaining useful life of the intangible assets is
6
years (
6
years for software and software licenses,
5
years for customer contracts and lists, and
4
years for other intangibles). Amortization of intangible assets was $
96.3
million and $
94.9
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and $
286.0
million and $
285.1
million for the nine months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
16
Estimated future amortization expenses of the Company's existing intangible assets are as follows:
Note 10.
Short-term Financing
The Company has a $
4.55
billion,
364
-day credit agreement that matures in June 2025 with a
one year
term-out option. The Company also has a $
2.25
billion,
five year
credit facility that matures in June 2028 that contains an accordion feature under which the aggregate commitment can be increased by $
500
million, subject to the availability of additional commitments. In addition, the Company also has a
five year
, $
3.5
billion credit facility maturing in June 2029 that contains an accordion feature under which the aggregate commitment can be increased by $
500
million, subject to the availability of additional commitments. The interest rate applicable to committed borrowings is tied to SOFR, the effective federal funds rate, or the prime rate depending on the notification provided by the Company to the syndicated financial institutions prior to borrowing. The Company is also required to pay facility fees on the credit agreements. The primary uses of the credit facilities are to