(including due to the use of AI). We may fail to anticipate or detect these techniques and/or incidents for long periods of time and, even when we do so, we may be unable or fail to implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our ability to address data or cybersecurity incidents may also depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. Hardware, software, applications or services that we develop or procure from third parties, or are required by third parties such as foreign governments to install on our systems, may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could (or, in respect of third-party software, may be designed to) compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data or our systems. Unauthorized parties have also attempted to gain (and in certain cases have gained), and will continue to attempt to gain, access to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, trickery, or other methods of deceiving these third parties or our personnel, including phishing and other social engineering techniques whereby attackers use end-user behaviors to distribute computer viruses and malware into our systems or otherwise
compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data or our systems. As these threats continue to evolve and increase (including due to the use of AI), we continue to invest significant resources, and may be required to invest significant additional resources, to modify and enhance our cybersecurity controls and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. In addition, while our operating environments are designed to safeguard and protect confidential personal and business information, we may not have the ability to monitor the implementation or effectiveness of any safeguards by our clients, vendors or partners and, in any event, third parties may be able to circumvent those security measures. Information or system access obtained by malevolent parties (which could include our personnel) resulting from successful attacks against our clients, vendors, partners or other third parties may, in turn, be used to attack our information technology systems. Further, while we perform due diligence prior to acquisitions and take actions to safeguard the businesses that we acquire, these businesses may not have invested as significantly as we do in security and technology and may be more susceptible to cybersecurity incidents, which may make us more vulnerable to cybersecurity incidents as well.
We have been, and expect we will continue to be, the subject of cybersecurity attacks, including unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption, denial of service, corruption of data, ransomware attack, and theft of sensitive information (including our intellectual property). Although none of the cybersecurity incidents that we