the ensuing twelve-month period ending June 30, 2025. A hypothetical change in only short-term interest rates of 25 basis points applied to the estimated average short-term investment balances and any related short-term borrowings would result in approximately an $7 million impact to earnings before income taxes over the ensuing twelve-month period ending June 30, 2025.
We are exposed to credit risk in connection with our available-for-sale securities through the possible inability of the borrowers to meet the terms of the securities. We limit credit risk by investing in investment-grade securities, primarily AAA-rated and AA- rated securities, as rated by Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s, DBRS for Canadian dollar denominated securities, and Fitch for asset-backed and commercial-mortgage-backed securities. In addition, we limit amounts that can be invested in any security other than U.S. government and government agency, Canadian government, and United Kingdom government securities.
We operate and transact business in various foreign jurisdictions and are therefore exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates that could impact our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We manage our exposure to these market risks through our regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. We may use derivative financial instruments as risk management tools and not for trading purposes.
RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
See Note 1, Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements, of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
Our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and other comprehensive income. We continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information.
The estimates are based on historical experience and assumptions believed to be reasonable under current facts and circumstances. These estimates require levels of subjectivity and judgment, which could result in actual results differing from our estimates. The Company believes the following are its critical accounting estimates:
Deferred Costs - Assets Recognized from the Costs to Obtain and Fulfill Contracts
Description
Incremental costs of obtaining a contract (e.g., sales commissions) and cost incurred to implement clients on our solutions (e.g., direct labor) that are expected to be recovered are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the client retention period, depending on the business