951.8
million and $
473.6
million, respectively. U.S. government agency securities represent senior, unsecured, non-callable debt that primarily carry ratings of Aaa by Moody's and AA+ by Standard & Poor's, with maturities ranging from July 2024 through March 2034.
At June 30, 2024, U.S. government agency commercial mortgage-backed securities of $
500.8
million include those issued by Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation and Federal National Mortgage Association.
At June 30, 2024, other securities primarily include municipal bonds, diversified with a variety of issuers, with credit ratings of A and above, with fair values of $
529.3
million, AA-rated United Kingdom Gilt securities of $
400.3
million and AAA-rated supranational bonds of $
209.8
million.
Classification of corporate investments on the Consolidated Balance Sheets is as follows:
(a) - Short-term marketable securities are included within Other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
(b) - Long-term marketable securities are included within Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Funds held for clients represent assets that, based upon the Company's intent, are restricted for use solely for the purposes of satisfying the obligations to remit funds relating to the Company’s payroll and payroll tax filing services, which are classified as client funds obligations on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Funds held for clients have been invested in the following categories:
Client funds obligations represent the Company's contractual obligations to remit funds to satisfy clients' payroll, tax and other payee payment obligations and are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the time that the Company impounds funds from clients. The client funds obligations represent liabilities that will be repaid within
one year
of the balance sheet date. The Company has reported client funds obligations as a current liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets totaling $
39,503.9
million and $
38,538.6
million as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company has classified funds held for clients as a current asset since these funds are held solely for the purposes of satisfying the client funds obligations. Of the Company’s funds held for clients at June 30, 2024, $
34,940.0
million are held in the grantor trust. The liabilities held within the trust are intercompany liabilities to other Company subsidiaries and eliminate in consolidation.
The Company has reported the cash flows related to the purchases of corporate and client funds marketable securities and related to the proceeds from the sales and maturities of corporate and client funds marketable securities on a gross basis in the investing section of the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. The Company has reported the cash and cash equivalents related to client funds investments with original maturities of
ninety days
or less, within the beginning and ending balances of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and