Indemnity and operating efficiencies for costs of servicing and implementing our clients on growing revenue, offset by an increase in zero-margin benefits pass-through costs, operating costs related to workers' compensation and state unemployment insurance, and selling and marketing expenses.
PEO Services' margin decreased for the nine months ended March 31, 2025, due to increases in zero-margin benefits pass-through costs, operating costs related to workers' compensation and state unemployment insurance, and selling and marketing expenses.
32
ADP Indemnity provides workers’ compensation and employer’s liability deductible reimbursement insurance protection for PEO Services’ worksite employees up to $1 million per occurrence. PEO Services has secured a workers’ compensation and employer’s liability insurance policy that caps the exposure for each claim at $1 million per occurrence and has also secured  aggregate stop loss insurance that caps aggregate losses at a certain level in fiscal years 2012 and prior from an admitted and licensed insurance company of AIG. We utilize historical loss experience and actuarial judgment to determine the estimated claim liability, and changes in estimated ultimate incurred losses are included in the PEO segment.
Additionally, starting in fiscal year 2013, ADP Indemnity paid premiums to enter into reinsurance arrangements with ACE American Insurance Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chubb Limited (“Chubb”), to cover substantially all losses incurred by the Company up to the $1 million per occurrence related to the workers' compensation and employer's liability deductible reimbursement insurance protection for PEO Services' worksite employees. Each of these reinsurance arrangements limits our overall exposure incurred up to a certain limit. The Company believes the likelihood of ultimate losses exceeding this limit is remote.
ADP Indemnity recorded a pre-tax benefit of approximately $5.6 million and $9.7 million for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2025, respectively, as compared to approximately $1.6 million and $6.1 million for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2024, respectively. The pre-tax benefit for the three months and nine months ended March 31, 2025 was primarily a result of more favorable actuarial loss development in workers’ compensation reserves as compared to the three and nine months ended March 31, 2024. In July 2024,
ADP Indemnity paid a premium of
$276 million
t
o enter into a reinsurance arrangement with Chubb to cover substantially all losses incurred by ADP Indemnity for the
fiscal 2025 policy year on terms substantially similar to the fiscal 2024 reinsurance policy.
Other
The primary components of “Other” are certain corporate overhead charges and expenses that have not been allocated to the reportable segments, including corporate functions, costs related to our transformation office, severance costs, non-recurring gains and losses, the elimination of intercompany