March 31, 2026. A hypothetical change in only short-term interest rates of 25 basis points applied to the estimated average short-term investment balances and any related short-term borrowings would result in approximately a $9 million impact to earnings before income taxes over the ensuing twelve-month period ending March 31, 2026.
We are exposed to credit risk in connection with our available-for-sale securities through the possible inability of the borrowers to meet the terms of the securities. We limit credit risk by investing in investment-grade securities, primarily AAA-rated and AA- rated securities, as rated by Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s, DBRS for Canadian dollar denominated securities, and Fitch for asset-backed and commercial-mortgage-backed securities. In addition, we limit amounts that can be invested in any security other than U.S. government and government agency, Canadian government, and United Kingdom government securities.
We operate and transact business in various foreign jurisdictions and are therefore exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates that could impact our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We manage our exposure to these market risks through our regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. We may use derivative financial instruments as risk management tools and not for trading purposes.
39
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and other comprehensive income. We continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements. The estimates are based on historical experience and assumptions believed to be reasonable under current facts and circumstances. Actual amounts and results could differ from these estimates made by management.  Refer to Note 2 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for changes to our accounting policies effective for the fiscal 2025.
NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
See Note 2, New Accounting Pronouncements, of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.
Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
The information called for by this item is provided under the caption “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” under Item 2 – Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Item 4.  Controls and Procedures
The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's