for internal use when the preliminary development efforts are successfully completed, management has authorized and committed to funding the project, and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used as intended.  Capitalization ceases when a computer software project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use.
The Company's policy provides for the capitalization of external direct costs of materials and services associated with developing or obtaining internal use computer software.  In addition, the Company also capitalizes certain payroll and payroll-related costs for employees who are directly associated with internal use computer software projects.  The amount of capitalizable payroll costs with respect to these employees is limited to the time directly spent on such projects.  Costs associated with preliminary project stage activities, training, maintenance, and all other post-implementation stage activities are expensed as incurred.  The Company also expenses internal costs related to minor upgrades and enhancements, as it is impractical to separate these costs from normal maintenance activities.
Fees related to cloud-based subscriptions for which the Company has the right to take possession of the software at any time during the hosting period (without significant penalty) and can run the software on internal hardware, or through contract with a third party vendor to host the software, is recognized as an intangible asset and capitalized following the Internal Use Software guidance under ASC 350-40. Subscriptions where the Company accesses the software through the cloud but cannot take
55
possession of the software during the hosting period is treated as a service contract, and as such hosting fees are treated as expense.
Q.
Acquisitions.
Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations are recorded on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of the respective acquisition dates based upon their estimated fair values at such dates. The results of operations of businesses acquired by the Company are included in the Statements of Consolidated Earnings since their respective dates of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed is allocated to goodwill. In certain circumstances, the allocations of the excess purchase price are based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions and subject to revision when the Company receives final information, including appraisals and other analysis. Accordingly, the measurement period for such purchase price allocations will end when the information, or the facts and circumstances, becomes available, but will not exceed twelve months.
R.
Income Taxes.
The objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of