management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “evaluation”).  Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  Based on the evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31, 2025 in ensuring that (i) information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and (ii) such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms.
There was no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended March 31, 2025 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION
Except as noted below, all other items are either inapplicable or would result in negative responses and, therefore, have been omitted.
Item 1.  Legal Proceedings
In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to various claims and litigation.  While the outcome of any litigation is inherently unpredictable, the Company believes it has valid defenses with respect to the legal matters pending against it and the Company believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse impact on its financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
With respect to the disclosure of administrative or judicial proceedings arising under any Federal, State, or local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or that are primarily for the purpose of protecting the environment, the Company has determined that the following threshold is reasonably designed to result in disclosure of any such proceeding that is material to its business or financial condition:  any proceeding when the potential monetary sanctions exceed $1 million.
40
Item 1A.  Risk Factors
There have been no material changes in our risk factors disclosed in Part 1, Item 1A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for