equivalents are not paid on cash-settled units.
•
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units.
Performance-based restricted stock units generally vest over a
one
to
three-year
performance period and a subsequent service period of up to
38
months. Under these programs, the Company communicates “target awards” at the beginning of the performance period with possible payouts at the end of the performance period ranging from
0
% to
200
% of the “target awards.” Awards are generally forfeited if the employee ceases to be employed by the Company prior to vesting.
Performance-based restricted stock units cannot be transferred and are settled in either cash or stock, depending on the employee's home country. Compensation expense relating to the issuance of performance-based restricted stock units settled in cash is recognized over the vesting period initially based on the fair value of the award on the grant date with subsequent adjustments to the number of units awarded during the performance period based on probable and actual performance against targets. In addition, compensation expense is remeasured at each reporting period during the vesting period based on the change in the ADP stock price. Compensation expense relating to the issuance of performance-based restricted stock units settled in stock is recorded over the vesting period based on the fair value of the award on the grant date with subsequent adjustments to the number of units awarded based on the probable and actual performance against targets. Dividend equivalents are paid on awards under the performance-based restricted stock unit program.
•
Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
The Company offers an employee stock purchase plan that allows eligible employees to purchase shares of common stock at a price equal to
95
% of the market value for the Company's common stock on the last day of the offering period. This plan has been deemed non-compensatory and, therefore, no compensation expense has been recorded.
The Company currently utilizes treasury stock to satisfy stock option exercises, issuances under the Company's employee stock purchase plan, and restricted stock awards. From time to time, the Company may repurchase shares of its common stock under its authorized share repurchase program. The Company repurchased
5.1
million shares in fiscal 2024 as compared to
4.9
million shares repurchased in fiscal 2023. The Company considers several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, actual and potential acquisition activity, cash balances and cash flows, issuances due to employee benefit plan activity, and market conditions. Cash payments related to the settlement of vested time-based restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units were approximately $
24.1
million, $
23.5
million, and $
22.1
million during fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
The following table represents stock-based compensation expense and related