consistent with the Company’s operating strategy. Changes in these estimates can have a significant impact on the assessment of fair value which could result in material impairment losses.
We completed our annual assessment of goodwill as of June 30, 2024 and determined that there was no impairment of goodwill. We performed a sensitivity analysis and determined that a one percentage point increase in the weighted-average cost of capital would not result in an impairment of goodwill for all reporting units and their fair values substantially exceeded their carrying values.
Income Taxes
Description
Judgment is required in addressing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our Consolidated Financial Statements or tax returns (e.g., realization of deferred tax assets, changes in tax laws or interpretations thereof).  A change in the assessment of the outcomes of such matters could materially impact our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Judgments and Uncertainties
The Company computes its provision for income taxes based on the statutory tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. Assumptions, judgment, and the use of estimates are required in determining if the “more likely than not” standard has been met when computing the provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and uncertain tax positions.
Sensitivity of Estimate to Change
While the Company considers all of its tax positions fully supportable, the Company is occasionally challenged by various tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. If certain pending tax matters settle within the next twelve months, the total
41
amount of unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease for all open tax years and jurisdictions. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company's liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits,
which include interest and penalti
es, were $126.9 million and $116.9 million, respectively.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
The information called for by this item is provided under the caption “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” under “Item 7 - Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.”
42
Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
Roseland, New Jersey
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the related statements of consolidated earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2024, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)2 (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial