Balance Sheets.  Depreciation is recognized over the estimated useful lives of the assets using the straight-line
53
method.  Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the lease or the estimated useful lives of the improvements.
The estimated useful lives of assets are primarily as follows:
I.
Leases.
Operating lease right-of-use (
“
ROU
”
) assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term. The lease liabilities are measured by discounting future lease payments at the Company’s collateralized incremental borrowing rate for financing instruments of a similar term, unless the implicit rate is readily determinable. ROU assets also include adjustments related to prepaid or deferred lease payments and lease incentives. Lease ROU assets are amortized over the life of the lease
and assessed for impairment in the event there is a modification or an early termination
.
J.
Goodwill.
Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment or more frequently when an event or circumstance indicates that goodwill might be impaired.
The Company's annual goodwill impairment assessment as of June 30, 2024 was performed for all reporting units using a quantitative approach by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. We estimated the fair value of each reporting unit using, as appropriate, the income approach, which is derived using the present value of future cash flows discounted at a risk-adjusted weighted-average cost of capital, and the market approach, which is based upon using market multiples of companies in similar lines of business. Significant assumptions used in determining the fair value of our reporting units include projected revenue growth rates, profitability projections, working capital assumptions, the weighted average cost of capital, the determination of appropriate market comparison companies, and terminal growth rates. Several of these assumptions, including projected revenue growth rates and profitability projections are dependent on our ability to upgrade, enhance, and expand our technology and services to meet client needs and preferences. As such, the determination of fair value requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenue and operating margins.  Based upon the quantitative assessment, the Company has concluded that goodwill is not impaired.
K.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets.
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows