leaders access internal, national, and global workforce data to analyze compensation, turnover, candidate profile relevancy, and talent market insights. ADP Assist earned the “Generative AI Innovation Award” in the 2024 AI Breakthrough Awards.
Additionally, we integrated generative AI within the Roll by ADP® mobile-first solution to offer clients even greater HR and payroll support with deeper insights. This groundbreaking payroll solution utilizes an AI-powered chat interface to turn traditional payroll management into an intuitive conversation that can complete payroll in under a minute. Leveraging ADP’s long-standing payroll expertise and data security, small business owners can download and self-purchase Roll and run payroll anywhere, anytime, quickly, and compliantly, with no experience or training needed. The conversational experience runs off simple chat prompts such as “Run my payroll,” offering a simple and powerful experience that also allows clients to confidently handle compliance matters like tax filing and deposits.
Along with transforming our solutions, we firmly believe AI and generative AI enhance our operations and enable us to elevate the end-to-end client experience. To lean into our service expertise, we also extended generative AI capabilities to a broader portion of our service and implementation associates to deliver an even better client
5
experience. We also continue to explore generative AI capabilities to further empower our sellers and our product developers to be more productive.
Leveraging our workforce data
AI and ML drive many of the key features of ADP’s data products, including ADP DataCloud, our award-winning people analytics solution. ADP DataCloud analyzes aggregated, anonymized and timely HCM and compensation data from more than one million organizations across the U.S., powering solutions that provide clients with in-depth workforce and business insights that support critical HR decisions.
In the U.S., ADP DataCloud’s Skills Graph, our
proprietary data structure, is based on more than 44 million employee records, 140 million resumes and 11 million job postings across more than 20 industries and 500 geographic areas, and uses large language models to extract, align and normalize key information such as skills, job titles and levels, education and qualifications from non-structured data and infers missing skills and qualifications from context. Skills Graph powers ADP’s Candidate Profile Relevancy tool to help score, assess and predict
candidates who are the best fit for a job opening and is designed to minimize the introduction of bias by, among other things, focusing on the skills, education, and experience of an applicant. Skills Graph also powers our Organizational Benchmarking Dashboard, which enables companies to decide how best to deploy their workers by comparing organizational metrics like headcount, labor costs and turnover against other similar businesses, as well as Talent Market Insights where