by operating activities decreased due to a net unfavorable change in the components of operating assets and liabilities primarily due to timing on collections of accounts receivable, offset by growth in our underlying business (net income adjusted for non-cash adjustments), as compared to the year ended June 30, 2023.
Net cash flows used in investing activities changed due to the timing of proceeds and purchases of corporate and client funds marketable securities of $1,117.5 million.
Net cash flows used in financing activities changed due to a net increase in the cash flow from client funds obligations of $13,715.7 million, which is due to the timing of impounds from our clients and payments to our clients' employees and other payees, a net increase in cash received from the Internal Revenue Service as of June 30, 2024 to be refunded to our clients, a net increase in proceeds related to reverse repurchase agreements, offset by an increase in dividends paid, and an increase in repurchases of common stock in fiscal 2024.
We purchased approximately 5.1 million shares of our common stock at an average price per share of $244.04 during fiscal 2024, as compared to purchases of 4.9 million shares at an average price per share of $227.30 during fiscal 2023. From time to time, the Company may repurchase shares of its common stock under its authorized share repurchase program. The Company considers several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, actual and potential acquisition activity, cash balances and cash flows, issuances due to employee benefit plan activity, and market conditions.
Capital Resources and Client Fund Obligations
We have
$3.0 billion of senior unsecured notes with maturity dates in 2025, 2028, and 2030. We may from time to time revisit the long-t
erm debt market to refinance existing debt, finance investments including acquisitions for our growth, and maintain the appropriate capital structure. However, there can be no assurance that volatility in the global capital and credit markets would not impair our ability to access these markets on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
See Note 9 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our senior unsecured notes.
Our U.S. short-term funding requirements related to client funds are sometimes obtained on an unsecured basis through the issuance of commercial paper, rather than liquidating previously-collected client funds that have already been invested in available-for-sale securiti
es.  In June 2024, the company increased its U.S. short-term commercial paper program to provide for the issuance of up to
$10.3 billion from $9.7 billion in aggregate maturity value.
Our c
ommercial paper program is rated A-1+ by Standard and Poor’s, Prime-1 (“P-1”) by Moody’s and F1+ by Fitch. These ratings denote the highest quality commercial paper securities. Maturities of commercial paper can range from overnight to up to 364 days. At June 30,