adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. These matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and management's view of these matters may change in the future.
It is not the Company’s business practice to enter into off-balance sheet arrangements. In the normal course of business, the Company may enter into contracts in which it makes representations and warranties that relate to the performance of the Company’s services and products. The Company does not expect any material losses related to such representations and warranties.
Note 15.
Stockholders' Equity
Changes in stockholders' equity by component are as follows:
20
21
Note 16.
Reclassifications out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) (“AOCI”)
Changes in AOCI by component are as follows:
22
(A) Reclassification adjustments out of AOCI are included within Other income, net, on the Statements of Consolidated Earnings.
(B) Reclassification adjustments out of AOCI are included in net pension income (see Note 12).
(C) Reclassification adjustments out of AOCI are included in Interest expense on the Statements of Consolidated Earnings (see Note 11).
Note 17.
Interim Financial Data by Segment
Based upon similar economic and operational characteristics, the Company’s strategic business units have been aggregated into the following
two
reportable segments: Employer Services and PEO Services. The primary components of the “Other” segment are certain corporate overhead charges and expenses that have not been allocated to the reportable segments, including corporate functions, costs related to transformation, severance costs, non-recurring gains and losses, the elimination of intercompany transactions, interest expense and corporate interest income. Certain revenues and expenses are charged to the reportable segments at a standard rate for management reasons. Other costs are recorded based on management responsibility.
23
Segment Results:
24
Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(Tabular dollars are presented in millions, except per share amounts)
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This document and other written or oral statements made from time to time by Automatic Data Processing, Inc., its subsidiaries and variable interest entity (“ADP” or the “Company”) may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Statements that are not historical in nature and which may be identified by the use of words like "outlook", “expects,” “assumes,” “projects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “we believe,” “could,” “is designed to” and other words of similar meaning, are forward-looking statements.  These statements are based on management’s expectations and assumptions and depend upon or refer to future events or conditions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed.