4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
26
Part II
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market for Registrant's Common Equity
The principal market for the Company’s common stock is the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol ADP. As of June 30, 2024, there were 31,271 holders of record of the Company’s common stock.  As of such date, 1,620,873 additional holders held their common stock in “street name.”
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
There is no expiration date for the common stock repurchase authorization.
For equity compensation plan information, please refer to Item 12 in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
27
Performance Graph
The following graph compares the cumulative return on ADP's common stock for the most recent five years with the cumulative return on the S&P 500 Index and the Peer Group Index,
(a)
assuming an initial investment of $100 on June 30, 2019, with all dividends reinvested. The stock price performance shown on this graph may not be indicative of future performance.
(a)    We use the Nasdaq Dividend Achievers Select Index as our Peer Group Index. The Nasdaq Dividend Achievers Select Index is a select group of companies, that includes ADP, with at least ten consecutive years of increasing annual regular dividend payments.
Item 6.  Selected Financial Data
Not applicable.
Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Tabular dollars are presented in millions, except per share amounts
The following section discusses our year ended June 30, 2024 (“fiscal 2024”), as compared to year ended June 30, 2023 (“fiscal 2023”). A detailed review of our fiscal 2023 performance compared to our fiscal 2022 performance is set forth in Part II, Item 7 of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This document and other written or oral statements made from time to time by Automatic Data Processing, Inc., its subsidiaries and variable interest entity (“ADP” or the “Company”) may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Statements that are not historical in nature and which may be identified by the use of words like “outlook,” “expects,” “assumes,” “projects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “we believe,” “could,” “is designed to” and other words of similar meaning, are forward-looking statements.  These statements are based on management’s expectations and assumptions and depend upon or refer to future events or conditions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed.  Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements or that could contribute to such difference include: ADP's success in obtaining and retaining clients, and selling additional services to