Business Services from May 2021 to March 2022, and Chief Financial Officer, Major Account Services and ADP Canada from January 2017 to April 2021.
Don McGuire
joined ADP in 1998.  Prior to his appointment as Chief Financial Officer in October 2021, he served as President, Employer Services International from June 2018 to September 2021, as President, Global Enterprise Solutions EMEA/Streamline from July 2016 to June 2018, as Senior Vice President, General Manager, Asia Pacific Region from December 2012 to June 2016, and as General Manager, ADP United Kingdom/Ireland from September 2007 to December 2012.
Directors
See “Election of Directors” in the Proxy Statement for the Company’s 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
Code of Ethics
ADP has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and persons performing similar functions.  The code of ethics may be viewed online on ADP’s website at www.adp.com under “Investor Relations” in the “Corporate Governance” section.  Any amendment to or waivers from the code of ethics will be disclosed on our website within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver.
Insider Trading Policy
Our Company maintains an
insider trading policy
to provide guidelines to all directors, officers, associates and consultants of ADP with respect to trading in ADP securities, as well as the securities of publicly traded companies with whom ADP has a business relationship. The policy prohibits trading by any person while in possession of material non-public information in violation of applicable law and provides for restricted periods and pre-clearance procedures for our directors and officers and certain other specified persons, as well as other related policies and procedures. We believe that the insider trading policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and listing standards applicable to ADP.
Audit Committee; Audit Committee Financial Expert
See “Corporate Governance - Committees of the Board of Directors” and “Audit Committee Report” in the Proxy Statement for the Company’s 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
See “Corporate Governance,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Compensation and Management Development Committee Report,” “Compensation of Executive Officers,” “Potential Payments to Named Executive Officers Upon Termination or Change in Control,” “CEO Pay Ratio,” “Pay versus Performance,” and “Compensation of Non-Employee Directors” in the Proxy Statement for the Company’s 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
84
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
See “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial