and existing products, increases in selling and marketing expenses, and costs to service our client base in support of our growing revenue.
Margin
Employer Services' margin increased due to contributions from client funds interest revenues discussed above, and operating efficiencies for costs of servicing our clients on growing revenue, partially offset by investments and costs to develop, support, and maintain our new and existing products.
PEO Services
Revenues
PEO Services' revenues increased 4% for fiscal 2024 due to increases in average worksite employees of 2% for fiscal 2024, as compared to fiscal 2023, and due to an increase in zero-margin benefits pass-throughs.
Earnings before Income Taxes
PEO Services’ earnings before income taxes decreased 6% in fiscal 2024 due to less favorable actuarial loss development in workers’ compensation reserves in ADP Indemnity of $70.0 million as compared to prior year, increases in selling expenses, and increases in zero-margin benefits pass-through costs for the year ended June 30, 2024, partially offset by increased revenues discussed above.
Margin
33
PEO Services' overall margin decreased for fiscal 2024 due to less favorable actuarial loss development in workers’ compensation reserves in ADP Indemnity, increases in selling expenses, and increases in zero-margin benefits pass-through costs, partially offset by increased revenues discussed above.
ADP Indemnity provides workers’ compensation and employer’s liability deductible reimbursement insurance protection for PEO Services’ worksite employees up to $1 million per occurrence. PEO Services has secured a workers’ compensation and employer’s liability insurance policy that caps the exposure for each claim at $1 million per occurrence and has also secured  aggregate stop loss insurance that caps aggregate losses at a certain level in fiscal years 2012 and prior from an admitted and licensed insurance company of AIG. We utilize historical loss experience and actuarial judgment to determine the estimated claim liability, and changes in estimated ultimate incurred losses are included in the PEO segment.
Additionally, starting in fiscal year 2013, ADP Indemnity paid premiums to enter into reinsurance arrangements with ACE American Insurance Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chubb Limited (“Chubb”), to cover substantially all losses incurred by the Company up to the
$1 million per occurrence related to the workers
’
compensation and employer's liability deductible reimbursement insurance protection for PEO Services' worksite employees.
Each of these reinsurance arrangements limits our overall exposure incurred up to a certain limit. The Company believes the likelihood of ultimate losses exceeding this limit is remote.
During fiscal 2024,
ADP Indemnity paid a premium of $269 million to enter into a reinsurance arrangement with Chubb to cover substantially all losses incurred by ADP Indemnity for the fiscal 2024 policy year up to $1 million per occurrence.