other market-related data. Since many fixed income securities do not trade on a daily basis, the independent pricing service applies available information, as applicable, through processes such as benchmark curves, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings and matrix pricing to prepare valuations.  For the purposes of valuing the Company’s asset-backed securities and mortgage-backed securities (that are included within Other securities in Note 4), the independent pricing service includes additional inputs to the model such as monthly payment information, new issue data, and collateral performance. For the purposes of valuing the Company’s Municipal bonds, the independent pricing service includes quoted prices for similar assets, benchmark yield curves, and market corroborated inputs. While the Company is not provided access to the proprietary models of the third party pricing service, each quarterly reporting period, the Company reviews the inputs utilized by the independent pricing service and compares the valuations received from the independent pricing service to valuations from at least one other observable source for reasonableness. The Company has not adjusted the prices obtained from the independent pricing service and the Company believes the prices received from the independent pricing service are representative of the prices that would be received to sell the assets at the measurement date (exit price). The Company had no available-for-sale securities included in Level 1 and Level 3 at June 30, 2024.
The Company issued
three
series of fixed-rate notes with staggered maturitie
s of
7
and
10
-years totaling $
3.0
billion (collectively the “Notes”). The fair value of the Notes are estimated in Note 9 utilizing a variety of inputs obtained from an independent pricing service, including benchmark yields, reported trades, non-binding broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers, and reference data. The Notes are senior unsecured obligations, and interest is payable in arrears, semi-annually. The Company reviews the values generated by the independent pricing service for reasonableness by comparing the valuations received from the independent pricing service to valuations from at least one other observable source. The Company has not adjusted the prices obtained from the independent pricing service.
The Company's assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the classification of assets and liabilities within the fair value hierarchy. In certain instances, the
inputs used to measure fair value may meet the definition of more than one level of the fair value hierarchy. The significant input with the lowest level priority is used to determine the applicable level in the fair value hierarchy.
H.
Property, Plant and Equipment.
Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation on the Consolidated