passionate and overall top talent by offering a place where our associates can grow their careers, challenge themselves, share generously, take risks, and create positive change. This has allowed us to be recognized by esteemed organizations as an employer of choice year after year.
We invest in our team members so that they have the skills necessary to succeed and grow their careers. The ADP talent journey begins with an innovative, engaging and comprehensive onboarding process followed by extensive training and mentorship. Thereafter, our associates can access a wide range of professional and functional skills training to further continue and enhance performance and career development. Our sales professionals are provided with award winning training programs and tools throughout their careers, and we also provide our technologists with access to training and experiences in the latest technologies on the market. We know our people leaders have tremendous impact on our associates and clients, and so we invest in a leadership development strategy that uses innovative approaches to support new and experienced leaders with formal learning, tools to understand and engage their team, and in the moment support during moments that matter. Additionally, our succession planning process deploys leaders to new career experiences that help ensure we are developing executives that will deliver results now and in the future.
Our Benefits and Health and Wellness Programs
The wide range of benefits and health and wellness programs we offer contribute to an environment where all our associates add to our success. Our associates receive a competitive benefits package, intended to help them enjoy physical, emotional and financial well-being and be productive members of their teams. While exact benefits vary by associate and region, they typically include health care coverage, a 401(k) plan with company matching contributions for U.S. associates, life insurance, paid time off and tuition reimbursement. We particularly emphasize benefits that support individual and family needs (parental leave, adoption/fertility benefits and caregiver support), and constantly update our programs according to our associates’ needs.
We offer physical and mental wellness programs that help our team pursue a healthy lifestyle and reduce absenteeism and lost time due to injuries. Our efforts include a company-wide health and safety manual and website, safety education and training, and a wellness program that rewards associates for completing wellness activities. Physical and mental health initiatives vary across regions, but can include personal health checks, nutrition and fitness expert visits offering free consultation and programs, employee mental wellness assistance programs, free counseling and mental health therapy assistance for associates, and mindfulness classes.
Available Information
Our corporate website,
www.adp.com
, provides materials for investors and information about