was primarily due to demographic changes.
69
The amounts recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 consisted of:
The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was $
1,688.5
million and $
1,712.1
million
at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The Company's pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 had the following projected benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets:
The Company's pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 had the following accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets:
The components of net pension (income)/ expense were as follows:
The net actuarial loss and prior service cost for the defined benefit pension plans that are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) that have not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost are $
286.1
million and $
3.9
million, respectively, at June 30, 2024. There is no remaining transition obligation for the defined benefit pension plans included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
Assumptions used to determine the actuarial present value of benefit obligations were:
70
Assumptions used to determine the net pension expense generally were:
The discount rate is based upon published rates for high-quality fixed-income investments that produce cash flows that approximate the timing and amount of expected future benefit payments.
The interest crediting rate is based on the current and expected future ten-year U.S. Treasury rates and a minimum of
3.25
%.
The expected long-term rate of return on assets is determined based on historical and expected future rates of return on plan assets considering the target asset mix and the long-term investment strategy.
Plan Assets
The Company's pension plans' asset allocations at June 30, 2024 and 2023 by asset category were as follows:
The Company's pension plans' asset investment strategy is designed to ensure prudent management of assets, consistent with long-term return objectives and the prompt fulfillment of all pension plan obligations. The investment strategy and asset mix were developed in coordination with an asset liability study conducted by external consultants to maximize the funded ratio with the least amount of volatility.
The pension plans' assets are currently invested in various asset classes with differing expected rates of return, correlations, and volatilities, including large capitalization and small capitalization U.S. equities, international equities, U.S. fixed income securities, and cash.
The target asset allocation ranges for the U.S. plan are generally as follows:
As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the U.S. pension plan asset allocation is within the target ranges.
The pension plans' fixed income portfolio is designed to match the duration and liquidity characteristics of the pension plans'