the “Risk Factors” section in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding changes in laws and regulations that could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition or have other adverse consequences.
CLIENTS AND CLIENT CONTRACTS
We provide services to more than 1.1 million clients. In fiscal 2024, no single client or group of affiliated clients accounted for revenues in excess of 2% of our annual consolidated revenues.
We are continuously in the process of performing implementation services for new clients. Depending on the service agreement and/or the size of the client, the installation or conversion period for new clients can vary from a short period of time for a small Employer Services client (as little as 24 hours) to a longer period for a large Employer Services client with multiple deliverables (generally six to nine months). In some cases, based on a client's timeline, the period may exceed two years for a large, multi-country GlobalView client or other large, multi-phase implementation. Although we monitor sales that have not yet been installed, we do not view this metric as material to an understanding of our overall business in light of the recurring nature of our business. This metric is not a reported number, but it is used by management as a planning tool to allocate resources needed to install services, and as a means of assessing our performance against the expectations of our clients. In addition, some of our products and services are sold under longer-term contracts with initial terms ranging from two to seven years. However, this anticipated future revenue under
contract is not a significant portion of our expected future revenue, is not a meaningful indicator of our future performance and is not material to management's estimate of our future revenue.
Our business is typically characterized by long-term client relationships that result in recurring revenue. Our services are provided under written price quotations or service agreements having varying terms and conditions. No one price quotation or service agreement is material to us. Based on our retention levels in fiscal 2024, our client retention is estimated at approximately 13
years
in Employer Services, and approximately 6
years
in PEO.
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
We continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our solutions and services. In general, new solutions and services supplement rather than replace our existing solutions and services and, given our recurring revenue model, do not have a material and immediate effect on our revenues. We believe that our strategic solutions and services have significant remaining life cycles.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we invested approximately $1.276 billion, $1.195 billion, and $1.210 billion, respectively, in research and development. These investments include expenses for activities such as the