expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset.
L.
Foreign Currency.
The net assets of the Company's foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars based on exchange rates in effect for each period, and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates in the periods.  Gains or losses from balance sheet translation are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Currency transaction gains or losses, which are included in the results of operations, are not significant for all periods presented.
M.
Foreign Currency Risk Management Programs and Derivative Financial Instruments.
The Company transacts business in various foreign jurisdictions and is therefore exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates that could impact its consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.  The Company manages its exposure to these market risks through its regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments.  The Company does not use derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.
54
N.
Earnings per Share (“EPS”).
The Company computes EPS in accordance with ASC 260.
The calculations of basic and diluted EPS are as follows:
There were
no
stock options excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share due to anti-dilution. Options to purchase
0.2
million and
0.6
million shares of common stock for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive.
O.
Stock-Based Compensation.
The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense in net earnings based on the fair value of the award on the date of the grant, and in the case of international units settled in cash, adjusts this fair value based on changes in the Company's stock price during the vesting peri
od. Time-based restricted stock units are valued based on the closing price of the Company's common stock on the date of the grant and, in the case of performance based restricted stock units, are valued based on the grant date fair value of such awards and are adjusted for changes to probabilities of achieving performance targets. S
ee Note 10 for additional information on the Company's stock-based compensation programs.
P.
Internal Use Software.
Expenditures for major software purchases and software developed or obtained for internal use are capitalized and amortized generally over a
three
to
five-year
period on a straight-line basis.  Software developed as part of the Company's next-generation platforms are depreciated over
ten years
.
The Company begins to capitalize costs incurred for computer software developed