cloud-based, award-winning platforms, including:
• RUN Powered by ADP combines a software platform for small business payroll, HR management and tax compliance administration, with 24/7 service and support from our team of small business experts. RUN Powered by ADP also integrates with other ADP solutions, such as workforce management, workers’ compensation insurance premium payment plans, and retirement plan administration systems.
• ADP Workforce Now is a flexible HCM solution used across mid-sized and large businesses in North America to manage their employees.
More businesses use ADP Workforce Now in North America
than any other HCM solution designed for both mid-sized and large businesses.
• ADP Vantage HCM is a solution for large enterprises in the United States. It offers a comprehensive set of HCM capabilities within a single solution that unifies the five major areas of HCM: HR management, benefits administration, payroll services, time and attendance management, and talent management.
Payroll Services
.
We pay over 26 million (approximately 1 out of every 6) workers in the United States. We offer flexible payroll services to employers of all sizes, including the preparation of employee paychecks, pay statements, supporting journals, summaries, and management reports.
8
We provide employers with a wide range of payroll options, including using mobile technology, connecting their major enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) applications with ADP’s payroll services or outsourcing their entire payroll process to us. Employers can choose a variety of payroll payment options including ADP’s electronic wage payment and, in the United States, payroll card solutions and digital accounts. On behalf of our clients in the United States, we prepare and file federal, state and local payroll tax returns, and quarterly and annual Social Security, Medicare, and federal, state and local income tax withholding reports.
Benefits Administration.
In the United States, we provide powerful and agile solutions for employee benefits administration. These options include health and welfare administration services, leave administration services, insurance carrier enrollment services, employee communication services, and dependent verification services. In addition, ADP benefits administration solutions offer employers a simple and flexible cloud-based eligibility and enrollment system that provides their employees with tools, communications, and other resources they need to understand their benefits options and make informed choices.
Talent Management.
ADP’s Talent Management solutions simplify and improve the talent acquisition, management and activation process, from recruitment to ongoing employee engagement and development. Employers can also outsource their internal recruitment function to ADP. Our solutions provide performance, learning, succession and compensation management tools that help employers align goals to outcomes, and enable managers to identify