accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
The Company has a grantor trust, which holds the majority of the funds provided by its clients pending remittance to employees of those clients, tax authorities, and other payees. The Company is the sole beneficial owner of the trust. The trust meets the criteria in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 810, “Consolidation” to be characterized as a variable interest entity (“VIE”). The Company has determined that it has a controlling financial interest in the trust because it has both (1) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the trust (including the power to make all investment decisions for the trust) and (2) the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the trust (in the form of investment returns) and therefore, consolidates the trust. Further information on these funds and the Company’s obligations to remit to its clients’ employees, tax authorities, and other payees is provided in Note 4, “Corporate Investments and Funds Held for Clients.”
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and other comprehensive income that are reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and footnotes thereto. Actual results may differ from those estimates.
Certain amounts from the prior year's financial statements have been reclassified in order to conform to the current year's presentation. We also updated the description of "Systems development and programming costs" to "Research and development" within the Statement of Consolidated Earnings, this change did not result in changes to current or previously reported amounts.
B.
Description of Business.
The Company is a provider of cloud-based Human Capital Management (“HCM”) solutions. The Company classifies its operations into the following
two
reportable segments: Employer Services and Professional Employer Organization (“PEO”) Services. The primary components of the “Other” segment are certain corporate overhead charges and expenses that have not been allocated to the reportable segments, including corporate functions, costs related to our transformation office, legal settlements, severance costs, non-recurring gains and losses, the elimination of intercompany transactions, and interest expense.
C.
Revenue Recognition.
Revenues are primarily attributable to fees for providing services (
e.g.,
Employer Services' payroll processing fees), investment income on payroll funds, payroll tax filing funds, other Employer Services' client-related funds, and fees charged to implement clients on the Company's solutions. The Company enters into agreements for a fixed fee per transaction (
e.g.,
number of payees or number of payrolls