processed).
The Company enters into service agreements with clients that include anywhere from one service to a full suite of services.  The Company’s agreements vary in duration having a legally enforceable term of
30
days to
5
years.  The performance obligations in the agreements are generally combined into one performance obligation, as they are considered a series of distinct services, and are satisfied over time because the client simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided as the Company performs the services.  The Company uses the output method based on a fixed fee per employee serviced to recognize revenue, as the value to the client of the goods or services transferred to date (e.g. number of payees or number of payrolls processed) appropriately depicts our performance towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation. The fees are typically billed in the period in which services are performed.
PEO, a component of the HR Outsourcing (“HRO”) business pillar, provides a comprehensive human resources outsourcing solution, including offering benefits, providing workers’ compensation insurance, and administering state unemployment insurance, among other human resources functions.  Amounts collected from PEO worksite employers include payroll, fees for benefits, and an administrative fee that also includes payroll taxes, fees for workers’ compensation and state unemployment taxes.
51
The payroll and payroll taxes collected from the worksite employers are presented in revenue net, as the Company does not retain risk and acts as an agent with respect to this aspect of the PEO arrangement. With respect to the payroll and payroll taxes, the worksite employer is primarily responsible for providing the service and has discretion in establishing wages.
The fees collected from the worksite employers for benefits (i.e., PEO zero-margin benefits pass-throughs), workers’ compensation and state unemployment taxes are presented in revenues and the associated costs of benefits, workers’ compensation and state unemployment taxes are included in operating expenses, as the Company does retain risk and acts as a principal with respect to this aspect of the arrangement. With respect to these fees, the Company is primarily responsible for fulfilling the service and has discretion in establishing price.
We recognize client fund interest income on collected but not yet remitted funds held for clients in revenues as earned, as the collection, holding and remittance of these funds are critical components of providing these services.
Set up fees received from certain clients to implement the Company's solutions are considered a material right. Therefore, the Company defers revenue associated with these set up fees and records them over the period in which such clients are expected to benefit from the material right, which is approximately
five
to
seven years
.
Collection of consideration the Company expects to receive to perform it services