buildings and land.
Earnings Before Income Taxes ("EBIT") and Adjusted EBIT
For the year ended June 30, respectively:
Earnings before income taxes increased due to the increases in total revenues partially offset by the increases in total expenses discussed above.
Overall margin increased due to the increases in total revenues discussed above, increased interest income on corporate funds, operating efficiencies for costs of servicing our clients on growing revenue, partially offset by increases in selling and marketing expenses, increased interest expense, less favorable actuarial loss development in workers’ compensation reserves related to ADP Indemnity, and investments and costs to develop, support, and maintain our new and existing products.
Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin exclude interest income and interest expense that are not related to our client funds
extended investment strategy, and net charges, including certain legal matters, charges related to our broad-based transformation initiative and workforce optimization.
Provision for Income Taxes
The
effective tax rate in fiscal 2024 and 2023 was
23.0%
and 23.1%, respectively.
The decrease in the effective tax rate is primarily due to a valuation allowance release and an intercompany transfer of certain assets offset by a lower benefit for
31
adjustments to prior year tax liabilities in fiscal 2024. R
efer t
o Note 11, Income Taxes, within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.
Adjusted Provision for Income Taxe
s
The adjusted effective tax rate in fiscal 2024 and 2023 was 23.0% and 23.1%, respectively. The drivers of the adjusted effective tax rate are the same as the drivers of the effective tax rate discussed above.
Net Earnings and Diluted EPS, Unadjusted and Adjusted
For the year ended June 30, respectively:
Adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted EPS reflect the changes in components described above.
Diluted EPS increased as a result of the increase in net earnings and the impact of fewer shares outstanding resulting from the repurchase of approximately 5.1 million shares during fiscal 2024 and 4.9 million shares during fiscal 2023, partially offset by the issuances of shares under our employee benefit plans.
For fiscal 2024, adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted EPS reflect the changes in components described above.
ANALYSIS OF REPORTABLE SEGMENTS
32
n/m - not meaningful
Employer Services
Revenues
Revenues increased due to new business started from New Business Bookings, an increase in our pays per control of 2%, continued strong client retention, an increase in interest earned on funds held for clients, and an increase in pricing.
Earnings before Income Taxes
Employer Services' earnings before income taxes increased in fiscal 2024 due to increased revenues discussed above, partially offset by increases in expenses. The increases in expenses were due to an increase in investments and costs to develop, support, and maintain our new