organizations can explore jobs and locations to understand talent availability, skills, wages, turnover and time to fill an open position.
ADP’s Model-Based Benchmarks, powered by Skills Graph, deliver real-time compensation insights and market and job coverage for over 9,000 job titles spanning more than 1,000 industries. Model-Based Benchmarks are driven by a set of deep learning models that extract patterns and knowledge from millions of payroll records and job profiles to provide accurate information that reflects the reality of the position being researched, including salary benchmarking tools in the U.S. and Canada. We offer similar tools to clients outside the United States, including through our ADP GlobalView® and ADP iHCM solutions.
We also continue to advance our next-gen platforms. Built to be as dynamic as the world of work, our next-gen platforms are designed for adaptability. These cloud-native, global, scalable and secure platforms provide our clients with the flexibility they need to address today’s and tomorrow’s workplace challenges, and to personalize the experience based on their needs.
Our next-gen HCM platform is built for the way people actually work together, moving beyond rigid hierarchical organization structures to mirror practically any structure of work groups, such as divisions, regions, or dynamic teams. Our next-gen HCM platform uses AI to tailor personalized experiences relevant to each employee based on attributes of role, geographic location, typical behaviors, and anticipated need.
Our next-gen payroll platform is designed to be a global solution that supports workers of all types and enables real-time, transparent, continuous payroll calculations. This next-gen payroll platform also unlocks flexible pay choices for our clients so they can provide the best pay experience for their workers. As the regulatory environment rapidly changes, making it harder for companies to navigate the complexities of payroll, our next-gen payroll platform’s built-in compliance capabilities enable our clients to focus on managing their business.
The size and breadth of ADP gives us a unique opportunity, especially in the era of data and data-driven products, to test innovative ideas, validate hypotheses and refine solutions before we bring them to the market. This happens through our “client-zero” program, which forges a direct connection point between our internal HR practitioners and our technologists. A key area of focus is using data and feedback from front-line practitioners to build products that improve the employee experience and make HR technology more intentional and in the moment. It’s a feedback loop we extend beyond our client-zero program as well, sourcing regular feedback from client
6
pilot groups to continue to enhance and refine our solutions over time. By innovating with a client-centric mindset, we continue to transform work.
Culture of responsible AI
In harnessing the power of data through AI and ML, ADP