charges have been taken in the past and not included as an adjustment to get to adjusted results. Unlike severance charges in prior periods, these specific charges relate to a broad-based, company-wide workforce optimization effort.
(e) The income tax (benefit)/provision was calculated based on the marginal rate in effect for the year ended June 30, 2024.
(f) The adjusted effective tax rate is calculated as our adjusted provision for income taxes divided by the sum of our adjusted net earnings plus our adjusted provision for income taxes.
35
The following table reconciles our reported growth rates to the non-GAAP measure of organic constant currency, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, the impact of dispositions, and the impact of foreign currency. The impact of acquisitions and dispositions is calculated by excluding the current year revenues of acquisitions until the one-year anniversary of the transaction and by excluding the prior year revenues of divestitures for the one-year period preceding the transaction.  The impact of foreign currency is determined by calculating the current year results using foreign exchange rates consistent with the prior year. The PEO segment is not impacted by acquisitions, dispositions or foreign currency.
Note: Numbers may not foot due to rounding.
FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
As of June 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalent
s
were $2.9 billion, which were primarily invested in time deposits and money market funds.
For corporate liquidity, we expect existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash flow from operations together with our
$10.3 billion
of committed credit facilities and our ability to access both long-term and short-term debt financing from the capital markets will be adequate to meet our operating, investing, and financing activities such as regular quarterly dividends, share repurchases, and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. Our financial condition remains solid at June 30, 2024 and we have sufficient liquidity.
For client funds liquidity, we have the ability to borrow through our financing arrangements under our U.S. short-term commercial paper program and our U.S., Canadian and United Kingdom short-term reverse repurchase agreements, together with our
$10.3 billion
of comm
itted credit facilities and our ability to use corporate liquidity when necessary to meet short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations.  Please see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” for a further discussion of the risks related to our client funds extended investment strategy. See Note 8 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our short-term financing including commercial paper.
Operating, Investing and Financing Cash Flow
s
Our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities, as reflected in the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows are summarized as follows:
36
Net cash flows provided