The Company also has a $
2.25
billion
five-year
credit facility that matures in June 2028 that contains an accordion feature under which the aggregate commitment can be increased by $
500
million, su
bject to the availability of additional commitments. In addition, t
he Company also has a
five-year
$
3.5
billion credit facility maturing in June 2029 that contains an accordion feature under which the aggregate commitment can be increased by $
500
million, subject to the availability of additional commitments.
The interest rate applicable to committed borrowings is tied to SOFR, the effective federal funds rate, or the prime rate depending on the notification provided by the Company to the syndicated financial institutions prior to borrowing. The Company is also required to pay facility fees on the credit agreements. The primary uses of the credit fac
ilities are to provide liquidity to the commercial paper program and funding for general corporate purposes, if necessary. The Company had
no
b
orrowings through June 30, 2024 and 2023 under the credit agreements.
The Company's U.S. short-term funding requirements related to client funds are sometimes obtained on an unsecured basis through the issuance of commercial paper, rather than liquidating previously-collected client funds that
have already been invested in available-for-sale securities. In June 2024, the company increased its U.S. short-term commercial paper program to provide for the issuance of up to
$
10.3
billion from $
9.7
billion in aggregate maturity value.
The Company’s commercial paper program is rated A-1+ by Standard & Poor’s, Prime-1 (“P-1”) by Moody’s and F1+ by Fitch. These ratings denote the highest quality commercial paper securities. Maturities of commercial paper can range from overnight to up to
364
days. At June 30, 2024 and
2023
the Company had
no
co
mmercial paper borrowing outstanding.
Details of the borrowings under the commercial paper program are as follows:
65
The Company’s U.S., Canadian and United Kingdom short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations are sometimes obtained on a secured basis through the use of reverse repurchase agreements, which are collateralized principally by government and government agency securities, rather than liquidating previously-collected client funds that have already been invested in available-for-sale securities. These agreements generally have terms ranging from overnight to up to
five
business days. At June 30, 2024
and
2023, the Company had $
385.4
million and
$
105.4
million, respectively, of outstanding obligations related to the reverse repurchase agreements. The Company has $
7.3
billion available on a committed basis under the U.S. reverse repurchase agreements.
Details of the reverse repurchase agreements are as follows:
NOTE 9.
DEBT
The Company issued
three
series of fixed-rate notes with staggered maturities of
7
and
10
-years totaling
$
3.0
billion (collectively the “Notes”). The Notes are senior