program. The Company considers several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, actual and potential acquisition activity, cash balances and cash flows, issuances due to employee benefit plan activity, and market conditions. We purchased approximately 3.4 million shares of our common stock at an average price per share of $283.14 during the nine months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to purchases of 3.3 million shares at an average price per share of $242.02 during the nine months ended March 31, 2024.
Capital Resources and Client Funds Obligations
We have $4.0 billion of senior unsecured notes with maturity dates in 2025, 2028, 2030 and 2034. We may from time to time revisit the long-term debt market to refinance existing debt, finance investments including acquisitions for our growth, and maintain the appropriate capital structure. However, there can be no assurance that volatility in the global capital and credit markets would not impair our ability to access these markets on terms acceptable to us, or at all. See Note 11 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our long-term financing.
Our U.S. short-term funding requirements primarily related to client funds are sometimes obtained on an unsecured basis through the issuance of commercial paper, rather than liquidating previously-collected client funds that have already been invested in available-for-sale securities. This commercial paper program provides for the issuance of up to $10.3 billion in aggregate maturity value. Our commercial paper program is rated A-1+ by St
andard & Poor’s, Prime-1 (“P-1”) by Moody’s and F1+ by Fitch. These ratings denote the highest quality commercial paper securities.  Maturities of commercial paper can range
36
from overnight to up to 364 days. At March 31, 2025 and June 30, 2024, the Compa
ny had no comm
ercial paper borrowing outstanding. Details of the borrowings under the commercial paper program are as follows:
Our U.S., Canadian, and United Kingdom short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations are sometimes obtained on a secured basis through the use of reverse repurchase agreements, which are collateralized principally by government and government agency securities, rather
than liquidating previously-collected client funds that have already been invested in available-for-sale securities. These agreements generally have terms ranging from overnight to up to five business days. We have successfully borrowed through the use of reverse repurchase agreements on an as-needed basis to meet short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligatio
ns. As of March 31, 2025, we have $7.3 billion available to us on a committed basis under the U.S. reverse repurchase agreements. At March 31, 2025, the Company had no outstanding obligations related to reverse repurchase agreements. At June 30, 2024, the Company had $385.4 million of outstanding obligations related to