including electronic payroll disbursement options such as payroll cards, digital accounts and direct deposit, as well as traditional payroll checks, which can be integrated with clients’ ERP and payroll systems.
Human Resources Management.
Commonly referred to as Human Resource Information Systems, ADP’s Human Resources Management Solutions provide employers with a single system of record to support the entry, validation, maintenance, and reporting of data required for effective HR management, including employee names, addresses, job types, salary grades, employment history, and educational background.
Insurance Services.
ADP’s Insurance Services business, in conjunction with our licensed insurance agency, Automatic Data Processing Insurance Agency, Inc., facilitates access in the United States to workers’ compensation and group health insurance for over 240,000 small and mid-sized clients through a variety of insurance carriers. Our automated Pay-by-Pay® premium payment program calculates and collects workers’ compensation
premium payments each pay period, simplifying this task for employers.
Retirement Services.
ADP Retirement Services helps over 170,000 employers in the United States administer various types of retirement plans, such as traditional and Roth 401(k)s, profit sharing (including new comparability), SIMPLE and SEP IRAs, and executive deferred compensation plans. ADP Retirement Services offers a full service 401(k) plan program which provides recordkeeping and administrative services, combined with an investment platform offered through ADP Broker-Dealer, Inc. that gives our clients’ employees access to a wide range of non-proprietary investment options and online tools to monitor the performance of their investments. In addition, ADP Retirement Services offers investment management services to retirement plans through ADP Strategic Plan Services, LLC, an SEC registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. ADP Retirement Services also offers trustee services through a third party
as well as through ADP Retirement Trust Services, LLC, a New Hampshire state-chartered affiliated trust company.
HRO Solutions
As a leader in the growing HR Outsourcing market, we partner with clients from small, midsized and large enterprise organizations, offering a full range of premium services and seamless technology for HR, benefits, payroll, and talent management. We help organizations streamline processes, reduce the daily workload and reduce compliance risk while also gaining a partner to navigate HR challenges. Whether a client chooses our Professional Employer Organization (PEO) or Human Resources Outsourcing (HRO)/Managed Services, we offer solutions tailored to a client’s specific needs and provide day-to-day expertise, guidance and tools, all personalized to meet their unique needs. ADP’s HR Outsourcing solutions serve over three million employees.
Professional Employer Organization.
ADP TotalSource is enabled by ADP