payroll obligations and with respect to claimed employee retention and other tax credits. ADP Strategic Plan Services, LLC, our registered investment adviser, provides certain investment management and advisory services to retirement plan administrators under a heightened “fiduciary” standard and is regulated by the SEC and the U.S. Department of Labor. ADP Broker-Dealer, Inc., which supports our Retirement Services business, is a registered broker-dealer regulated by the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). ADP Retirement Trust Services, LLC supports our Retirement Services business as a New Hampshire state-chartered trust company. ADP Retirement Trust Services, LLC is trustee of and is responsible for oversight and safeguarding of the retirement plan assets of clients of our Retirement Services business. ADP Retirement Trust Services, LLC is a directed-fiduciary with responsibility for oversight of the retirement plan assets and regulated by the Department of Labor under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and is also subject to the oversight of the New Hampshire Banking Department.
Our current and future offerings in the payments and/or consumer space may also subject us to additional laws and regulations, which could also require corresponding compliance programs and policies and dedicated resources.
In addition, many of our businesses offer solutions that assist our clients in complying with certain U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to them. Although these laws and regulations apply to our clients and not to ADP, changes in such laws or regulations may affect our operations, products and services. For example, our payroll services are designed to facilitate compliance with state laws and regulations applicable to the payment of wages.
13
In addition, our HCM solutions help clients manage their compliance with certain requirements of the Affordable Care Act in the United States. Similarly, our Tax Credit Services business, which helps clients in the United States take advantage of tax credit opportunities in connection with the hiring of new employees and certain other activities, is based on federal, state or local tax laws and regulations allowing for tax credits, which are subject to renewal, amendment or rescission.
We believe that key components of our compliance programs provide real competitive differentiators. For instance, our BCRs have enabled ADP to apply a global standard of data protection, simplifying data transfer processes and assisting our clients in meeting the demanding standards of data protection expected in Europe – a solution that most competitors cannot provide. Similarly, the ADP Client Trust and ADP Trust Bank provide client funds with a level of protection that most competitors cannot offer.
The foregoing description does not include an exhaustive list of the laws and regulations governing or impacting our business. See the discussion contained in