during periods of unusual financial market volatility.
In addition, as part of our client funds investment strategy, we extend the maturities of our investment portfolio for client funds and utilize short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. In order to satisfy these short-term funding requirements, we maintain access to various sources of liquidity, including borrowings under our commercial paper program and our committed credit facilities, our ability to execute regular reverse repurchase transactions, our committed reverse repurchase agreements, and corporate cash balances. A reduction in the availability of any such financing during periods of disruption in the financial markets or otherwise may increase our borrowing costs and/or require us to sell available-for-sale securities in our funds held for clients to satisfy our short-term funding requirements. When there is a reduction in employment levels due to a slowdown in the economy, the Company may experience a decline in client fund obligations and may also sell available-for-sale securities in our funds held for clients in order to reduce the size of the funds held for clients to correspond to client fund obligations. A sale of such available-for-sale securities may result in the recognition of losses and reduce the interest income earned on funds held for clients, either or both of which may adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
In connection with our client funds assets investment strategy, we attempt to minimize the risk of not having funds collected from a client available at the time such
22
client’s obligation becomes due by generally impounding the client’s funds at or before the time of payment of such client’s obligation. When we don’t impound client funds by the time we pay such client obligations (including for PEO clients with respect to which we are legally obligated for payroll and tax obligations in respect of WSEs as a Certified PEO), we are at risk of not recovering such funds or a material delay in such recovery. Such risk could be magnified during significant financial or other disruptions or catastrophic events, such as the failure of a bank with whom a significant number of clients may bank at the time or more widespread stress or failure within the U.S. banking system.
Any such event could prevent or materially delay the recovery of any funds from clients and could have an adverse impact on our financial results and liquidity.
We are dependent upon various large banks to execute electronic payments and wire transfers as part of our client payroll, tax and other money movement services. While we have contingency plans in place for bank failures, a systemic shutdown of the banking industry would impede our ability to process funds on behalf of our payroll, tax and other money movement services clients and could have an adverse impact on our financial