and mitigate potential retention risks. Our talent activation solutions include
StandOut
® powered by ADP, which provides team leaders with data and insights to drive employee engagement and leadership development, which in turn help drive employee performance.
Workforce Management.
ADP’s Workforce Management offers a range of solutions to over 130,000 employers of all sizes, including time and attendance, absence management
and scheduling tools. Time and attendance solutions include time capture via online timesheets, timeclocks with badge readers, biometrics and touch-screens, telephone/interactive voice response, and mobile smartphones and tablets. These tools automate the calculation and reporting of hours worked, helping employers prepare payroll, control costs and overtime, and manage compliance with wage and hour regulations. Absence management tools include accrued time off, attendance policy and leave case management modules. Our employee scheduling tools simplify visibility, offer shift-swapping capabilities and can assist managers with optimizing schedules to boost productivity and minimize under- and over-staffing. We also offer data analytics and reporting tools that provide clients with insights, benchmarks and performance metrics so they can better manage their workforce. In addition, industry-specific modules are available for labor forecasting, budgeting, activity and task management, grant and project tracking, and tips management.
Compliance Solutions.
ADP’s Compliance Solutions provides industry-leading expertise in payment compliance and employment-related tax matters that complement the payroll, HR and ERP systems of our clients. In our fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, in the United States, we processed and delivered more than 78 million employee year-end tax statements and moved more than $3.1 trillion in client funds to our clients’ employees, tax authorities and other payees.
•
ADP SmartCompliance.
In the United States, ADP SmartCompliance integrates client data delivered from our integrated HCM platforms or third-party payroll, HR and financial systems into a single, cloud-based solution. Our specialized teams use the data to work with clients to help them manage changing and complex regulatory landscapes and improve business processes. ADP SmartCompliance includes HCM-related compliance solutions such as Employment Tax and Wage Payments, as well as Tax Credits, Health Compliance, Wage Garnishments, Employment Verifications, Unemployment Claims and W-2 Management.
•
ADP SmartCompliance Employment Tax.
As part of our full-service employment tax services in the United States, we prepare and file employment tax returns on our clients’ behalf and, in connection with these stand-alone services, collect employment taxes from clients and remit these taxes to more than 8,000 federal, state and local tax agencies.
•
ADP SmartCompliance Wage Payments.
In the United States, we offer compliant pay solutions for today’s
9
workforce,