significant to the trust (in the form of investment returns) and, therefore, consolidates the trust. Further information on these funds and the Company’s obligations to remit to its clients’ employees, tax authorities, and other payees is provided in Note 7, “Corporate Investments and Funds Held for Clients.”
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and accumulated other comprehensive income that are reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and footnotes thereto. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Interim financial results are not necessarily indicative of financial results for a full year. The information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 (“fiscal 2024”). Certain amounts from the prior year's financial statements have been reclassified in order to conform to the current year's presentation.
Note 2.
New Accounting Pronouncements
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
None.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
7
Note 3.
Revenue
Based upon similar operational and economic characteristics, the Company’s revenues are disaggregated by its
three
business pillars: Human Capital Management (“HCM”), HR Outsourcing (“HRO”), and Global Solutions (“Global”), with separate disaggregation for PEO zero-margin benefits pass-through revenues and client funds interest revenues.  The Company believes these revenue categories depict how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of its revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors.
The following tables provide details of revenue by our business pillars, and include a reconciliation to the Company’s reportable segments:
Reconciliation of disaggregated revenue to our reportable segments for the three months ended March 31, 2025:
Reconciliation of disaggregated revenue to our reportable segments for the three months ended March 31, 2024:
Reconciliation of disaggregated revenue to our reportable segments for the nine months ended March 31, 2025:
8
Reconciliation of disaggregated revenue to our reportable segments for the nine months ended March 31, 2024:
Contract Balances
The timing of revenue recognition for HCM, HRO and Global is consistent with the invoicing of clients, as invoicing occurs in the period the services are provided. Therefore, the Company does not recognize a contract asset or liability resulting from the timing of revenue recognition and invoicing.
Changes in deferred revenues related to set up fees for the nine months ended March 31, 2025 were as follows:
Note 4.
Acquisition
In October 2024, the Company acquired WorkForce Software, a premier workforce management solutions provider that specializes in supporting large, global enterprises, utilizing cash on hand. The results of WorkForce Software are