results and liquidity.
We derive a significant portion of our revenues and operating income outside of the United States and, as a result, we are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates that could impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
We publicly share certain information about our environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) initiatives, including our efforts related to greenhouse gas emissions reductions and Inclusion, Diversity, Equity and Belonging efforts. We may face increased scrutiny related to our ESG initiatives and any related targets, including from the investment community. In addition, our ability to achieve certain ESG initiatives and targets may depend on the actions or continuing requirements of governmental entities (e.g., our paperless initiatives may depend on whether certain states continue to require employers to offer employees the option to be paid by paper check or to obtain employee consent to be paid electronically instead of by paper check). There has also been an increase in current and proposed ESG regulations, standards and reporting requirements, which may result in legal and regulatory uncertainty as well as increased compliance costs for our business. Further, developments in the law relative to diversity may influence our talent strategies. Our failure to achieve progress in these and other ESG areas on a timely basis, or at all, our failure to fully comply with these new ESG requirements, or our failure to do so in a timely manner, or a negative perception of our ESG initiatives could adversely impact our reputation, business, including employee recruitment and retention, financial results, and growth.
Change in our credit ratings could adversely impact our operations and lower our profitability
The major credit rating agencies periodically evaluate our creditworthiness and have given us strong, investment-grade long-term debt ratings and high commercial paper ratings. Failure to maintain high credit ratings on long-term and short-term debt could increase our cost of borrowing, reduce our ability to obtain short-term borrowing required by our business, and adversely impact our results of operations.
Our business could be negatively impacted as a result of actions by activist stockholders or others
We have been in the past, and may be in the future, subject to actions or proposals from activist stockholders or others that may not align with our business strategies or the interests of our other stockholders. Responding to such actions could be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our business and operations, and divert the attention of our Board of Directors and senior management from the pursuit of our business strategies. Activist stockholders may create perceived uncertainties as to the future direction of our business or strategy, including with respect to our ESG efforts, which may be exploited by our competitors and may make it more difficult to