associates the opportunity to recognize and celebrate each other when they demonstrate our values, drive our
goals and go above and beyond in contributing to our collective success. Our global ADP Cares program, which is funded by the Company, the ADP Foundation and our generous associates, helps members of our team get through difficult, unforeseen events such as natural disasters and major illnesses. We also proudly support our associates that give back to our communities through paid volunteer time off and our donation matching program.
Inclusion, diversity, equity and belonging are cornerstones of our one-of-a-kind culture. We value diverse perspectives and believe that our associates and their best ideas thrive in a diverse and inclusive environment. We strive to reflect the diversity of the communities and clients we serve and are firmly focused on ensuring that all our associates are welcomed and enjoy a deep sense of belonging.
We have a number of initiatives to strengthen and further cultivate our inclusive and diverse culture. As an example, ADP’s Global IDEB Impact Council was created to align and amplify our inclusion efforts, providing us with an advantage to attract and retain associates and clients. The council, comprised of senior leaders across the enterprise, was designed to focus across four pillars, including Technology & Innovation, Culture & Belonging, Business Practices and Talent Practices. Our voluntary business resource groups (BRGs), which cover a broad array of diverse associates that share common interests and experiences, make us stronger by promoting inclusion, diversity, equity and belonging and cultural awareness, accelerating associate engagement, retention and career development, helping build relationships with diverse markets in our communities, and promoting the conservation and restoration of natural resources.
At ADP, we are committed to upholding fair and equitable pay. Pay equity is critical to creating an inclusive and engaging culture that enables all associates to reach their full potential. We make pay decisions based on skills, job-related experience, the market value of the job and performance. We have incorporated regular pay equity reviews into our compensation decisions. And, we no
15
longer ask candidates to provide their salary history in most of the countries where we operate.
Our commitment to building a better world of work and creating a workplace where everyone can thrive has led to recognition across the globe, including Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies (18 consecutive years); Disability:IN Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion; Fair360 Top 50 Companies for Diversity; Seramount’s Best Companies for Multicultural Women; Fast Company’s Best Workplaces for Innovators; Newsweek’s America’s Most Responsible Companies; and Newsweek’s Most Trustworthy Companies in America.
Our Talent Strategy
Our talent strategy is simple – we aim to attract, develop and retain ambitious,