flexible service model, we help clients manage various combinations of payroll services, HR management, time and attendance management, talent management and benefits management, depending on the country in which the solution is provided.
We pay over 15 million workers outside the United States with our in-country solutions and with ADP GlobalView, ADP Celergo/Streamline and ADP iHCM
–
our simplified and intuitive multi-country solutions. As part of our global payroll services, we supply year-end regulatory and legislative tax statements and other forms to our clients’ employees. Our global talent management solutions elevate the employee experience, from recruitment to ongoing employee engagement and development. Our comprehensive HR solutions combined with our deep expertise make our clients’ global HR management strategies a reality. Our configurable, automated time and attendance tools help global clients understand the work being performed and the resources being used, and help ensure the right people are in the right place at the right time.
MARKETS AND SALES
Our HCM solutions are offered in over 140 countries and territories across North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia and Africa. The most material markets for HCM Solutions, Global Solutions and HRO Solutions (other than PEO) are the United States, Canada and Europe. In each market, we have both country-specific solutions and multi-country solutions, for employers of all sizes and complexities. The major components of our offerings throughout these geographies are payroll, HR outsourcing and workforce management. In addition, we offer wage and tax collection and/or remittance services in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, India and China. Our PEO business offers services exclusively in the United States.
We market our solutions primarily through our direct sales force. We also market HCM Solutions, Global Solutions and HRO Solutions through indirect sales channels, such as marketing relationships with certified public accountants and banks, among others. None of our major business units has a single homogeneous client base or market. While concentrations of clients exist in specific industries, no one client, industry or industry group is material to our overall revenues. We are a leader in each of our major service
offerings and do not believe any of our major services or business units is subject to unique market risk.
COMPETITION
The industries in which we operate are highly competitive. We know of no reliable statistics by which we can determine the number of our competitors, but we believe that we are one of the largest providers of HCM solutions in the world. HCM Solutions, Global Solutions and HRO Solutions (other than PEO) compete with other business outsourcing companies, companies providing ERP services, providers of cloud-based HCM solutions and financial institutions. Our PEO business competes with other PEOs providing similar services, as well as