development of new products, maintenance expenses associated with our existing technologies, investments in generative AI, purchases of new software and software licenses, and additions to software resulting from business combinations.
LICENSES
We are the licensee under a number of agreements for computer programs and databases. Our business is not dependent upon a single license or group of licenses. Third-party licenses, patents, trademarks, and franchises are not material to our business as a whole.
14
OUR HCM STRATEGY
Our Human Capital Management (HCM) strategy is simple, our people have differentiated us for 75 years and we remain committed to valuing, developing and engaging them.
Our Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO), together with our Executive Leadership Team, manages our HCM strategy and related programs and initiatives, as well as our talent strategy. Our CHRO, along with our CEO, as appropriate, regularly updates and supports our Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board (“CMDC”) as well as the Board of Directors on HCM matters, including culture, engagement, hiring, rewards, and
inclusion, diversity, equity and belonging
efforts. The CMDC is responsible for these matters, as well as our executive compensation program, company-wide equity-based plans, and our management succession planning and development program.
Our Associates and Demographics
As of
June 30, 2024
, our global team of associates consisted of approximately 64,000 persons. We track certain gender and racial demographics of our workforce and share them in our annual Global Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Report, which is available on our website.
Nothing in our CSR Report shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Our Culture and Values
Seventy-five years ago, our founders established values that guide us today. These values have helped shape our one-of-a-kind culture, which embraces inclusion, diversity, equity and belonging.
Our long-term business success is closely linked to our commitment to creating an environment in which our associates thrive, and to do so we listen to and engage our associates. We conduct an annual culture survey, myVoice, where our associates can share their perspectives on important topics, including client service, inclusion, diversity, equity and belonging, social responsibility, ethics, innovation and leadership. Along with many of our world-class clients, we leverage our innovative StandOut® powered by ADP platform, to help managers drive talent engagement throughout the year. We issue quarterly global StandOut® Engagement Pulse® surveys to ensure that all associates can share with their leaders how they feel about their work and their colleagues, and for us to get a snapshot of engagement across the globe.
The strength of our ADP team comes from what each one of us offers each other, our clients and our community. Through our myMoment Recognition Program, we give our