corporate venture capital arm and innovation lab, ADP Ventures. ADP Ventures’ mission is to enhance and strengthen ADP’s core business, create offerings in new adjacent segments and geographies, and develop new assets to monetize markets and segments beyond HCM. As part of its strategy, ADP Ventures invests in and partners with early-stage and scaling tech startups that advance ADP’s innovation strategy.
Reportable Segments
Our two reportable business segments are Employer Services and Professional Employer Organization (“PEO”), and are based on the way that management reviews the performance of, and makes decisions about, our business. For financial data by segment and by geographic area, see Note 14 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Employer Services
.  Our Employer Services segment serves clients ranging from single-employee small businesses to large enterprises with tens of thousands of employees around the world, offering a comprehensive range of technology-based HCM solutions, including our strategic, cloud-based platforms, and HRO (other than PEO) solutions. These solutions address critical client needs and include: Payroll Services, Benefits Administration, Talent Management, HR Management, Workforce Management, Compliance Services, Insurance Services and Retirement Services.
Professional Employer Organization
.  Our PEO business, called ADP TotalSource®, provides clients with comprehensive employment administration outsourcing solutions through a relationship in which employees who work for a client (referred to as “worksite employees”) are co-employed by us and the client.
7
PRODUCTS AND SOLUTIONS
In order to serve the unique needs of our clients and their diverse types of businesses and workforce models, we provide a range of solutions which businesses of all types and sizes and across geographies can use to recruit, pay, manage, and retain their workforce. We address these broad market needs with our cloud-based strategic platforms: RUN Powered by ADP®, serving over 890,000 small businesses; ADP Workforce Now®, serving over 85,000 mid-sized and large businesses across our strategic pillars; and ADP Vantage HCM® and our next-gen HCM platform, serving large enterprise businesses. All of these solutions can be combined with ADP SmartCompliance® to address the increasingly broad and complex needs of employers. Outside the United States, we address the needs of over 65,000 clients with premier global solutions consisting of in-country solutions and multinational offerings, including ADP GlobalView®, ADP Celergo®/Streamline® and ADP iHCM.
Strategic Cloud-based Products and Solutions Across Client Size and Geography
HCM Solutions
Integrated HCM Solutions.
Our premier suite of HCM products offers complete solutions that assist employers of all types and sizes in all stages of the employment cycle, from recruitment to retirement.
Our suite of HCM solutions are powered by our strategic,