Company’s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company uses the discounted cash flow model to estimate fair value which requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenue and operating margin. In addition, the discounted cash flow model requires the Company to select an appropriate weighted average cost of capital based on current market conditions as of  June 30, 2024. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair value, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, or both.
Forecasts of future revenue and operating margin from the Company’s next-gen platform, for which there is limited historical data, contribute significantly to the estimate of fair value of a reporting unit within the Employer Services reportable segment with approximately $678 million of goodwill as of June 30, 2024. Given the limited historical data associated with the Company’s next-gen platform, significant management judgment was required to forecast future revenue and operating margin to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit. In turn, a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort were required when performing
43
audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management’s estimates and assumptions related to the forecasts of revenue and operating margin and the selection of the weighted average cost of capital, including the involvement of our fair value specialists.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to the forecasts of future revenue and operating margin and the selection of the weighted average cost of capital used by management to estimate the fair value contributed by the next-gen platform included the following, among others:
•
We tested the effectiveness of controls over management’s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over the determination of the fair value of the reporting unit within the Employer Services reportable segment, such as controls related to management’s forecasts of future revenue and operating margin and the selection of the weighted average cost of capital.
•
With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation models, methodology, and significant assumptions used by the Company, specifically the weighted average cost of capital including:
◦
Testing the mathematical accuracy of the Company’s calculation of the weighted average cost of capital.
◦
Developing a range of independent estimates and compared to the weighted average cost of capital selected by management.
•
We evaluated management’s ability to accurately forecast future revenue and operating margin by comparing actual results to management’s historical forecasts. Due to the limited historical data for the next-gen platform, we evaluated the reasonableness of