recognizes the importance of accountability, transparency, privacy, explainability and governance, and in furtherance of those goals has established an active AI & Data Ethics Committee, comprised of both industry leaders and ADP experts, which advises on emerging industry trends and concerns and provides guidance with respect to compliance with the principles that ADP should follow while developing products, systems and applications that involve AI, ML and data.
As we continue to explore the potential that new technologies like generative AI can provide, we understand the great responsibility we have to approach these innovations in a way that is ethical, secure, and compliant for our business and the clients and workers we serve around the world. This led to our establishment of an interdisciplinary working group across ADP to determine governance for use cases and adoption of a set of principles and processes to govern the use of these newer technologies, including operational monitoring of recommendations made by AI and ML technologies.
In collaboration with other HCM providers and companies active in the HR space, we worked to develop Best Practices for use of AI in the Workplace led by the Future of Privacy Forum, an organization that brings together industry thought leaders to explore the challenges posed by technological innovation and develop privacy protections, ethical norms, and workable business practices.
Creating a customized HR ecosystem
To meet clients’ shifting needs, we also collaborate with partners through solutions like ADP Marketplace, one of the largest digital HR storefronts with over 800 partner solutions worldwide.
ADP Marketplace is enhancing our client experience by offering integrated partner solutions. ADP Marketplace also uses ML to easily surface best-fit applications to meet clients’ critical HR needs. These capabilities are part of ADP’s enterprise-wide initiative to bring the power of AI to HR practitioners, managers and employees. And all ADP Marketplace partners offering AI-enabled solutions must commit to a set of responsible AI principles based on the principles that govern our own products.
As part of our vision to create an HR ecosystem that is not only efficient but empowers businesses and their people, ADP API Central offers clients access to secure APIs, and tools and resources to simplify and automate their business processes with custom integrations, helping to connect their data across their entire ecosystem.
To enhance our integration capabilities, ADP acquired Sora, a low-code intelligent workflow automation and data
integration tool that unifies disparate business applications such as HR, IT and other systems and data sets to create a smarter, easier-to-use experience for employees, business owners and HR professionals. The acquisition further solidifies our long-standing strategy to simplify complex HR processes through automation.
Reflecting our commitment to innovation, ADP launched a