integrations and customizations that simplify their HR processes and help them meet their needs. And we intend to grow our sales organization and continue to invest in best-in-class sales technology to not only make the purchase experience seamless but to also empower our sellers to provide the deep expertise and insights our clients, partners and influencers require to ensure they have the right HCM solutions to help them achieve their objectives and make a meaningful impact for their employees.
Innovation at ADP
Innovation is in our DNA. For 75 years, we have proven that actively listening and responding to what clients and their employees need and want keeps the world of work progressing forward. As a founder in the industry, we pioneered HCM automation, HCM in the cloud, mobile HCM and a digital HCM marketplace. This spirit of innovation remains a steady guide as we continue to listen and respond to emerging needs. The transformative potential of innovation continues to grow, in tandem with the power of technologies like artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML) and generative AI. As these tools change how work happens, we remain focused on providing our clients and associates with HCM technology that is easy to use, powered with smart insights and personalized to support a human-centric experience.
To bring these solutions to market, we pursue multiple paths to innovation. From leveraging our unique data to provide differentiated insights to collaborating with, or investing in, organizations with complementary products or purchasing solutions that add to our strong foundation, each of these avenues helps ADP sustain a culture focused on continuous innovation.
Transforming our solutions and service through AI
Data is the foundation of the advantage we bring to our clients. It’s at the core of our products and solutions, informing and driving our approach to innovation and new technology. The global scale and scope of our client base provide us the industry’s largest and deepest HCM dataset with over 1.1 million clients spanning over 140 countries and 42 million wage earners globally.
Sitting at the center of workforce data, we’re able to create tools that automate critical processes, serve up proactive insights, and deliver a personalized experience. Launched in January 2024, ADP Assist is a cross-platform solution powered by generative AI that transforms data into credible and actionable insights. ADP Assist offers smart, user-centric solutions through a conversational interface that touches every aspect of HR – payroll, time, talent, benefits, recruitment, analytics, reporting, and compliance.
ADP Assist validates payroll information, checking for payroll anomalies and using generative AI to identify and help resolve missing tax registrations and answer questions by drawing on ADP’s large, up-to-date dataset of compliance information. ADP Assist also uses generative AI to simplify report creation, helping HR practitioners and