with supporting service and expertise that assists employers of all types and sizes in managing the entire worker spectrum and employment cycle – from freelancer to full-time and from hire to retire.
U.S. HR Outsourcing (HRO) Solutions
: In the United States, we offer comprehensive HRO solutions in which we provide complete management solutions for HR
administration, payroll administration, talent management, employee benefits, benefits administration, employer liability management, and other HCM and employee benefits functions.
Global Solutions
: We offer international HCM and HRO solutions, comprised of both local, in-country solutions and cloud-based multi-country solutions, to clients wherever they do business around the world.
ADP’s Strategy
Our business strategy has three key priorities:
With a large and growing addressable market, we are focused on our core growth areas and further enhancing our market position by executing on our Strategy:
• Lead with Best-in-Class HCM Technology.
We design and develop world-class HCM platforms that simplify work and utilize enabling technologies like artificial intelligence and modern cloud architecture. We aim to solve the needs of our clients and their workers today by making HCM transactions effortless and compliant, while anticipating their needs of tomorrow by incorporating valuable data insights and guidance into our solutions to help them better understand their workforce and how they compare to industry peers, and position them to make better decisions.
• Provide Unmatched Expertise and Outsourcing Solutions.
Our clients look to us as a source of expertise to understand key HR trends and best practices, employment and related legislation, and to offer thoughtful strategies to utilize HCM technology to achieve their business objectives and support their workforce. Many of our clients also look to us to take on responsibility for a portion or all of their HCM workflow via one of our HRO solutions. We intend to continue to build on our deep expertise and make it readily available to our clients through a variety of channels, ranging from traditional call and chat options to self-guided and AI-powered options. We will continue to leverage our significant data insights and investments in AI and other enabling technologies to further enable our decades of knowledge and experience and more effectively
4
apply those to help our clients and their workers navigate the ever-changing world of work.
• Benefit our Clients with Our Global Scale.
Our clients benefit from our unmatched global footprint and scale in the HCM industry. We will continue to build on these  strengths to further improve our client experience, and to add to our global footprint to further meet our clients where they choose to do business and address their needs for a distributed and flexible workforce. We intend to build more relationships with partners, such as through the ADP Marketplace, in order to provide clients with seamless