provide liquidity to the commercial paper program and funding for general corporate purposes, if necessary. The Company had
no
borrowings through March 31, 2025 under the credit agreements.
The Company's U.S. short-term funding requirements related to client funds are sometimes obtained on an unsecured basis through the issuance of commercial paper, rather than liquidating previously-collected client funds that
have already been invested in available-for-sale securities. This commercial paper program provides for the issuance of up to
$
10.3
billion in aggregate maturity value.
The Company’s commercial paper program is rated A-1+ by Standard & Poor’s, Prime-1 (“P-1”) by Moody’s and F1+ by Fitch. These ratings denote the highest quality commercial paper securities.
Maturities of commercial paper can range from overnight to up to
364
days. At March 31, 2025 and June 30, 2024, the Company had
no
commercial paper borrowing outstanding.
Details of the borrowings under the commercial paper program are as follows:
The Company’s U.S., Canadian and United Kingdom short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations are sometimes obtained on a secured basis through the use of reverse repurchase agreements, which are collateralized principally by government and government agency securities, rather than liquidating previously-collected client funds that have already been invested in available-for-sale securities. These agreements generally have terms ranging from overnight to up to
five
business days. At March 31, 2025, the Company had
no
outstanding obligations related to reverse repurchase agreements. At June 30, 2024, the Company had $
385.4
million of outstanding obligations related to reverse repurchase agreements which were fully paid in early July 2024. As of March 31, 2025, the Company has $
7.3
billion available on a committed basis under the U.S. reverse repurchase agreements.
Details of the reverse repurchase agreements are as follows:
17
Note 11.
Debt
The Company issued
four
series of fixed-rate notes with staggered maturities of
7
and
10
years totaling $
4.0
billion (collectively the “Notes”). The Notes are senior unsecured obligations, and interest is payable in arrears, semi-annually.
During the first quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued $
1.0
billion of senior notes due in 2034 bearing a fixed interest rate of
4.450
%. In connection with the senior notes issuance, the Company terminated several derivative contracts in place to hedge exposure in changes in benchmark interest rates for the senior notes issued with an aggregate notional amount totaling $
1.0
billion (of which $
400.0
million were executed during the first quarter ended September 30, 2024 and $
600.0
million were executed on the day of issuance). Since these derivative contracts were classified as cash flow hedges, the unamortized loss of $
12.5
million was deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income and will be amortized to earnings over the