Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements or that could contribute to such difference include: ADP's success in obtaining and retaining clients, and selling additional services to clients; the pricing of products and services; the success of our new solutions; our ability to respond successfully to changes in technology, including artificial intelligence; compliance with existing or new legislation or regulations; changes in, or interpretations of, existing legislation or regulations; overall market, political and economic conditions, including interest rate and foreign currency trends and inflation; competitive conditions; our ability to maintain our current credit ratings and the impact on our funding costs and profitability; security or cyber breaches, fraudulent acts, and system interruptions and failures; employment and wage levels; availability of skilled associates; the impact of new acquisitions and divestitures; the adequacy, effectiveness and success of our business transformation initiatives and the impact of any uncertainties related to major natural disasters or catastrophic events; and supply-chain disruptions. ADP disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.  These risks and uncertainties, along with the risk factors discussed under “Item 1A. - Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 (“fiscal 2024”), and in other written or oral statements made from time to time by ADP, should be considered in evaluating any forward-looking statements contained herein.
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
In addition to our U.S. GAAP results, we use adjusted results and other non-GAAP metrics to evaluate our operating performance in the absence of certain items and for planning and forecasting of future periods. Adjusted EBIT, adjusted EBIT margin, adjusted net earnings, adjusted diluted earnings per share, adjusted effective tax rate and organic constant currency are all non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the accompanying financial tables in the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for a discussion of why ADP believes these measures are important and for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to their comparable GAAP financial measures.
25
EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW
We are a leading global provider of cloud-based Human Capital Management (“HCM”) technology solutions to employers around the world. Our HCM solutions, which include both software and outsourcing services, are designed to help our clients manage their workforce through a dynamic business and regulatory landscape and the changing world of work. We continuously seek to enhance our leading HCM solutions to further support our clients. We see tremendous opportunity ahead as we focus on our three key Strategic Priorities: Leading with Best-in-Class