attract and retain qualified personnel, potential clients and business partners and may affect our relationships with current clients, vendors, investors and other third parties. In addition, actions of activist stockholders may cause periods of fluctuation in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business.
We may be unable to attract and retain qualified personnel
Our ability to grow and provide our clients with competitive services is, to an important degree, dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled and motivated people reflecting diverse perspectives and the diversity of our communities and clients. Competition for skilled employees in the outsourcing and other markets in which we operate is increasingly intense, making it more difficult and expensive to attract and retain highly skilled, motivated and diverse personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain highly skilled, motivated and diverse personnel, results of our operations and culture may suffer.
In addition, the nature of the office environment and remote or hybrid working is changing, which may make it more difficult to attract and retain personnel. It may also present operational and workplace culture challenges that may adversely affect our business.
23
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Risk management and strategy
At ADP, security is integral to our products, our business processes and infrastructure. We have an enterprise-wide approach to security with the objectives of protecting client data and funds, and preventing security incidents that could adversely affect the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information systems and data that resides in those systems, while also improving our system resilience with the aim of minimizing the impact to our business when incidents do occur.
In connection with our business, we collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of large amounts of personal and business information about our clients, employees of our clients, our vendors and our employees, contractors and temporary staff. We also collect significant amounts of funds from the accounts of our clients and transmit them to their employees, tax authorities and other payees. As the global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile and attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication, we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code and viruses. Although this is a global problem, it may affect our businesses more than other businesses because malevolent parties may focus on the amount and type of personal and business information that our businesses collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure, retain and dispose of, and the client funds that we