Technology AI Risk Management Framework are being promulgated and adherence to these may become an industry standard or client expectation. In the United States, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 applies to our insurance services businesses and ADP TotalSource.
As part of our payroll and payroll tax management services, we move client funds to our clients’ employees, tax authorities and other payees via electronic transfer, direct deposit, prepaid access and ADPCheck. In 2019, the Office of the Comptroller of Currency (the “OCC”) authorized us to open ADP Trust Company, National Association (the “ADP Trust Bank”), via a national trust bank charter pursuant to the National Bank Act. The ADP Trust Bank is the sole trustee of ADP Client Trust, our grantor trust which holds U.S. client funds, and is responsible for the oversight and management of those client funds. The ADP Trust Bank, and all of its fiduciary activities including the U.S. money movement it oversees and manages via ADP Client Trust, is subject to comprehensive ongoing oversight and regulation by the OCC. In addition, our U.S. money movement managed by the ADP Trust Bank and our U.S. prepaid access offering are subject to the anti-money laundering and reporting provisions of The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the “BSA”). Our prepaid access offerings are subject to consumer protection laws and regulations, including the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E issued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau as well as prohibitions on
unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices. Consumer protections for prepaid accounts under Regulation E include requirements related to pre-acquisition fee and other disclosures, error resolution and investigation, and account access. Elements of our money movement activities outside of the United States are subject to licensing and similar anti-money laundering and reporting laws and requirements in certain countries in which we provide such services. In February 2024, ADP Canada Co. became a registered entity with the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada (FINTRAC), Canada’s anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing supervisor, as a Money Service Business (MSB) as a result of a change in policy guidance from FINTRAC related to the Canadian Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act.
Our employee background screening services business offers background checking services that are subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act. ADP TotalSource is subject to various state licensing requirements and, as a Certified PEO, maintains certifications with the Internal Revenue Service. Because ADP TotalSource is a co-employer with respect to its clients’ worksite employees, we may be subject to certain obligations and responsibilities of an employer under federal and state tax, insurance and employment laws, including worksite employee