impacted by acquisitions, dispositions or foreign currency.
FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCE
S
At March 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents were $2.7 billion, which were primarily invested in time deposits and money market funds.
For corporate liquidity, we expect existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash flow from operations together with our
$10.3 billion
of co
mmitted credit facilities and our ability to access both
long-term and short-term debt financing from the capital markets will be adequate to meet our operating, investing, and financing activities such as regular quarterly dividends, share repurchases,
acquisitions
and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future.
Our financial condition remains solid at March 31, 2025 and we have sufficient liquidity.
For client funds liquidity, we have the ability to borrow through our financing arrangements under our U.S. short-term commercial paper program and our U.S., Canadian and United Kingdom short-term reverse repurchase agreements ($7.3 billion of which is available on a committed basis in the U.S. as of March 31, 2025), together with our $10.3 billion of committed credit facilities and our ability to use corporate liquidity when necessary to meet short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. Please see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” for a further discussion of the risks related to our client funds extended investment strategy. See Note 10 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our short-term financing including commercial paper.
35
Operating, Investing and Financing Cash Flows
Our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities, as reflected in the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows for the nine months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, are summarized as follows:
Net cash flows provided by operating activities increased due to an increase in growth in our business and timing on collections of accounts receivables, partially offset by a reduction in operational accruals due to timing, as compared to the nine months ended March 31, 2024.
Net cash flows used in investing activities changed primarily due to the acquisition of Workforce Software with a net cash disbursement of $1,158.3 million and the timing of purchases and proceeds of corporate and client funds marketable securities of $1,132.4 million.
Net cash flows used in financing activities changed due to a net decrease in the cash flow from client funds obligations of $10,365.2 million, which is due to the timing of impounds from our clients and payments to our clients' employees and other payees, and a net decrease in cash distributed from the Internal Revenue Service as of March 31, 2025, which is processed to our clients, partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of debt.
From time to time, the Company may repurchase shares of its common stock under its authorized share repurchase