security organizations. The current CISO has served in various roles in cybersecurity and information technology for over 25 years and has attained the professional certification of Certified Information Security Manager.
Our board of directors and our audit committee are actively engaged in the oversight of our global cybersecurity program. Our audit committee receives regular, quarterly reports on these matters from our CSO and leadership from our global product and technology organization, including on the status of projects to strengthen the company’s cybersecurity systems and improve cyber readiness, as well as on existing and emerging threat landscapes. Concurrent and in addition to these reports, our chief administrative officer (“CAO”) (who oversees legal, security and compliance matters) provides a legal, regulatory and ethics update at each meeting of the audit committee of our board of directors, which includes matters of cybersecurity, as appropriate. In addition, important actual or emerging cybersecurity events are communicated to the board of directors by our CAO and Chief Legal Officer, even if immaterial to us.
Our global cybersecurity program is subject to an annual third-party assessment overseen by our board of directors and this assessment reviews all aspects of our cyber program. Findings are reported to our board and, in response, ADP develops initiatives to improve our maturity across each of the pillars of the NIST Cybersecurity Framework. The status of these initiatives is then reviewed with our audit committee during its quarterly meetings. This governance process encourages an environment of continuous improvement. In advance of these quarterly meetings, members of our audit committee with cybersecurity expertise informally meet with our CAO, CSO, and other members of leadership, as appropriate, to advise and provide additional guidance and industry insights to the Company.
Item 2. Properties
ADP owns 6 of its processing/print ce
nters, and 12 other operational offices, sales offices, and its corporate headquarters in Roseland, New Jersey, which aggregate approximately 2,690,198 square feet. None of ADP’s owned facilities is subject to any material encumbrances. ADP leases space for some of its processing centers, other operational offices, and sales offices. All of these leases, which aggregate approximately 5,649,576 square feet worldwide, expire at various times up to the year 2035. ADP believes its facilities are currently adequate for their intended purposes and are adequately maintained.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
In the normal course of business, ADP is subject to various claims and litigation. While the outcome of any litigation is inherently unpredictable, ADP believes that it has valid defenses with respect to the legal matters pending against it and that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a materially adverse impact on its financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
25
Item