business outsourcing companies, companies providing ERP services and providers of cloud-based HCM solutions. Other competitive factors include a company’s in-house function, whereby a company installs and operates its own HCM system.
Competition for business outsourcing solutions is primarily based on product and service quality, reputation, ease of use and accessibility of technology, breadth of offerings, and price. We believe that we are competitive in each of these areas and that our leading-edge technology (together with our data) and commitment to service excellence, distinguishes us from our competitors.
INDUSTRY REGULATION
Our business is subject to a wide range of complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations. In addition, many of our solutions are designed to assist clients with their compliance with certain U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to them. We have, and continue to enhance, compliance programs and policies to monitor and address the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our operations and client solutions, including dedicated compliance personnel and training programs.
As one of the world’s largest providers of HCM solutions, our systems contain a significant amount of data related to clients, employees of our clients, vendors and our
12
employees. We are, therefore, subject to compliance obligations under federal, state and foreign privacy, data protection, artificial intelligence (AI) and cybersecurity-related laws, including federal, state and foreign security breach notification laws with respect to both client employee data and our own employee data. The changing nature of these comprehensive laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere, including the European Union’s (the “EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CPRA”), impact our processing of personal information of our employees and on behalf of our clients. The GDPR imposes strict and comprehensive requirements on us as both a data controller and a data processor. As part of our overall data protection compliance program, including with respect to data protection laws in the EU, we are one of the few companies in the world to have implemented Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”). Compliance with our BCRs permits us to process and transfer personal data across borders in accordance with the GDPR and other data protection laws in the EU. The
CPRA requires companies to provide data disclosure, access, deletion and opt-out rights to consumers in California. In the area of artificial intelligence, some states and localities in the U.S., the EU and elsewhere have proposed or already enacted legislation that imposes obligations on how we develop and market AI-based products and solutions. Specifically, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act imposes requirements on providers of certain types of AI services. Additionally, self-regulatory frameworks like the National Institute of Standards and