2024 and 2023, we had no commercial paper borrowing outstanding. Details of the borrowings under the commercial paper program are as follows:
Our U.S., Canadian, and United Kingdom short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations are sometimes obtained on a secured basis through the use of reverse repurchase agreements, which are collateralized principally by government and government agency securities, rather than liquidating previously-collected client funds that have already been invested in available-for-sale securities. These agreements generally have terms ranging from overnight to up to five business days. We have successfully borrowed through the use of reverse repurchase agreements on an as-needed basis to meet short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. We have $7.3 billion available to us on a committed basis under these reverse repurchase agreements. At June 30, 2024 and 2023, there were $385.4 million and $105.4 million, respectively, of outstanding obligations related to the reverse repurchase agreements. Details of the reverse repurchase agreements are as follows:
We vary the maturities of our committed credit facilities to limit the refinancing risk of any one facility. We have a $4.55 billion, 364-day credit agreement that matures in June 2025 with a one-year term-out option. In addition, we have a five-year $2.25 billion credit facility and a five-year $3.5 billion credit facility maturing in June 2028 and June 2029, respectively, each
37
with an accordion feature under which the aggregate com
mitment can be increased by $
500 million
, subject to the availability of additional commitments. The primary uses of the credit facilities are to provide liquidity to the commercial paper program and funding for general corporate purposes, if necessary. We had
no
borrowings through June 30, 2024 under the credit facilities. We believe that we currently meet all conditions set forth in the revolving credit agreements to borrow thereunder, and we are not aware of any conditions that would prevent us from borrowing part or all of the
$10.3 billion
a
vailable to us under the revolving credit agreements. See Note 8 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our short-term financing including credit facilities.
Our investment portfolio does not contain any asset-backed securities with underlying collateral of sub-prime mortgages, alternative-A mortgages, sub-prime auto loans or sub-prime home equity loans, collateralized debt obligations, collateralized loan obligations, credit default swaps, derivatives, auction rate securities, structured investment vehicles or non-investment grade fixed-income securities. We own AAA-rated senior tranches of primarily fixed rate auto loan, credit card, and equipment lease receivables, secured predominantly by prime collateral. All collateral on asset-backed securities is performing as expected through June 30, 2024. In addition, we own U.S.