liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Note 12
Income Taxes
The components of income before income taxes for each fiscal year were as follows:
The components of the provision for income taxes for each fiscal year were as follows:
A reconciliation between the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate and our actual effective income tax rate for each fiscal year is presented below:
78
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate are affected by the geographical composition of pre-tax income which includes jurisdictions with differing tax rates, conditional reduced tax rates and other income tax incentives. It is also affected by events that vary from period to period, such as changes in income tax laws and the resolution of prior years’ income tax filings.
Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 was higher than fiscal 2023 primarily due to lower tax credits in fiscal 2024, partially offset by higher proportion of pre-tax income in lower tax jurisdictions in fiscal 2024. Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 was lower than fiscal 2022 primarily due to a reduction of deferred tax assets that occurred in fiscal 2022, related to a new tax incentive in Singapore.
In the reconciliation between the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate and the effective income tax rate, the effect of foreign operations taxed at various rates represents the difference between an income tax provision at the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and the recorded income tax provision, with the difference expressed as a percentage of worldwide income before income taxes. This effect is substantially related to the tax effect of pre-tax income in jurisdictions with lower statutory tax rates. The foreign operations with the most significant effective tax rate impact are in Singapore. The statutory tax rate for fiscal 2024 for Singapore is
17
%. We have been granted conditional reduced tax rates that expire beginning in fiscal 2025, excluding potential renewal and subject to certain conditions with which we expect to comply. The tax benefits arising from these tax rates were $
393
million or $
0.47
per diluted share and $
369
million or $
0.44
per diluted share and $
232
million or $
0.26
per diluted share for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are also recognized for net operating loss and tax credit carryovers. Deferred tax assets are offset by a valuation allowance to the extent it is more likely than not that they are not expected to be realized.
The components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows:
79
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
A valuation allowance is recorded to reflect