suppliers for parts; monitoring the financial condition of key suppliers; maintaining appropriate inventories of parts; qualifying new parts on a timely basis; and ensuring quality and performance of parts.
Research, Development and Engineering
Our long-term growth strategy requires continued development of new materials engineering solutions, including products and platforms that enable expansion into new and adjacent markets. Our significant investments in research, development and engineering (RD&E) must generally enable us to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. We work closely with our global customers and ecosystem partners to design systems and processes that meet planned technical and production requirements. Our product development and engineering, and process support are performed primarily in the United States, India and Israel. Our customer demonstrations are performed primarily in the United States, China, Taiwan, Israel and South Korea.
6
Table of Contents
Marketing and Sales
Because of the highly technical nature of our products, we market and sell products worldwide almost entirely through a direct sales force.
We have operations in many countries, with some of our business activities concentrated in certain geographic areas. Our business is based on capital equipment investments by major semiconductor, display and other manufacturers, and is subject to significant variability in customer demand for our products. Customers’ expenditures depend on many factors, including: general economic conditions; anticipated market demand and pricing for semiconductors, display technologies and other electronic devices; the development of new technologies; customers’ factory utilization; capital resources and financing; trade policies and export regulations; and government incentives.
Information on net revenue to unaffiliated customers and long-lived assets attributable to our geographic regions is included in Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The following companies accounted for at least 10 percent of our net revenue for the following fiscal years for products and services in multiple reportable segments.
7
Table of Contents
Competition
The industries in which we operate are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological change. Our ability to compete generally depends on our ability to commercialize our technology in a timely manner, continually improve our products, and develop new products that meet constantly evolving customer requirements. Significant competitive factors include technical capability and differentiation, productivity, cost-effectiveness and the ability to support a global customer base. The importance of these factors varies according to customers’ needs, including product mix and respective product requirements,