Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in “Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October 27, 2024.
KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K and, as part of the audit, has issued a report, included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 27, 2024.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, there were no changes in the internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Inherent Limitations of Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events.
Item 9B:
Other Information
During the three months ended October 27, 2024, no director or officer, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f),
adopted
or
terminated
a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” each as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408.
Item 9C:
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
45
Table of Contents
PART III
Item 10:
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Except for the information regarding executive officers required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K (which is included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under “Information about our Executive Officers”), and code of ethics and insider trading policy (which are set forth below), the information required by this item will be provided in accordance with Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K no later than
February 24, 2025
.
We have implemented the Standards of Business Conduct, a code of ethics with which every person who works for us and every member of the Board of Directors is expected to comply. If any substantive amendments are made to the Standards of Business Conduct or any waiver is granted, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code to our Chief Executive