payment, intellectual property-related, or other commercial terms that are less favorable to us, which may have a negative impact on our business, cash flow, revenue and gross margins.
Supply chain disruptions, manufacturing interruptions or delays, or the failure to accurately forecast customer demand, could affect our ability to meet customer demand, lead to higher costs, or result in excess or obsolete inventory.
Our business depends on our timely supply of products and services to meet the changing requirements of our customers, which depends in part on the timely delivery of parts, materials and services from suppliers and contract manufacturers. Increases in demand for our products and worldwide demand for semiconductor chips and electronic devices can impact our suppliers’ ability to meet our demand requirements, and have in the past resulted in, and may from time to time result in, a shortage of parts, materials and services needed to manufacture our products. Such shortages, as well as delays in and unpredictability of shipments due to transportation interruptions, have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our manufacturing operations and our ability to meet customer demand. Volatility of demand for equipment can also increase our and our suppliers’ capital, technical, operational and other risks, and may cause some suppliers to exit businesses, or scale back or cease operations, which could impact our ability to meet customer demand. Supply chain constraints may increase costs of logistics and parts for our products and may cause us to pass on increased costs to our customers, which may lead to reduced demand for our products and materially and adversely impact our operating results. Supply chain disruptions have in the past caused, and may from time to time cause, delays in our equipment production and delivery schedules, which can lead to our business performance becoming significantly dependent on quarter-end production and delivery schedules, and could have an adverse impact on our operating and financial results.
Cybersecurity incidents affecting our suppliers could impact our supply chain. Such incidents have caused, and may from time to time cause, difficulties and delays in our ability to obtain parts, materials and services needed to manufacture our products and provide services, and have adversely impacted, and may from time to time adversely impact, our manufacturing operations, our ability to meet customer demand, and our operating results. Failure to timely recover from such delays could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and may also cause our business and financial outlook to be inaccurate.
We may further experience supply chain disruptions, significant interruptions of our manufacturing operations, delays in our ability to deliver or install products or services, increased costs, customer order cancellations or reduced demand for our products