energy cells. The expertise that we have in materials engineering on large glass substrates is synergistic with the advanced packaging business in the Semiconductor Products Group, as there is a trend in the industry to utilize various types of substrates, including glass.
5
Table of Contents
Backlog
We manufacture systems to meet demand represented by order backlog and customer commitments. Backlog consisted of: (1) orders for which written authorizations have been accepted, or shipment has occurred but revenue has not been recognized; and (2) contractual service revenue and maintenance fees.
Backlog by reportable segment as of October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023 was as follows:
Of the total backlog as of October 27, 2024, approximately 31% is not reasonably expected to be filled within the next 12 months.
As a result of new export rules and regulations issued in December 2024, backlog as of October 27, 2024 is expected to be reduced by approximately $549 million. This reduction would have resulted in total backlog as of October 27, 2024 of $15.3 billion, of which approximately 31% would not have been reasonably expected to be filled within 12 months.
Our backlog on any particular date is not necessarily indicative of actual sales for any future periods. Our backlog is subject to change, including the potential for customer changes such as new orders or cancellations, and changes in export rules and regulations. Customers may delay delivery of products or cancel orders prior to shipment, subject to possible cancellation penalties. Delays in delivery schedules or a reduction of backlog during any particular period could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Manufacturing, Raw Materials and Supplies
Our worldwide manufacturing activities consist primarily of assembly, integration and test of various proprietary and commercial parts, components and subassemblies that are used to manufacture systems. We utilize a distributed manufacturing model under which manufacturing and supply chain activities are conducted in various countries, including United States, Singapore, Japan, China, Korea, Taiwan, Israel and other countries in Asia and Europe. We use qualified vendors, including contract manufacturers, to supply parts, services and product support. Our supply chain strategy commits to adhere to ethical labor practices, responsible minerals sourcing, Responsible Business Alliance and SEMI guidelines, and the Applied Materials Standards of Business Conduct as defined in our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) commitment.
Although we make reasonable efforts to assure that parts are available from multiple qualified suppliers, this is not always possible. Accordingly, some key parts may be obtained from only a qualified single supplier or a limited group of qualified suppliers. We seek to reduce costs and to lower the risks of manufacturing and service interruptions by selecting and qualifying alternate