preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported.
Estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be applicable and reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates may change as new events occur, as additional information is obtained and as our operating environment changes. These changes have historically been minor and have been included in the consolidated financial statements as soon as they became known. In addition, management is periodically faced with uncertainties, the outcomes of which are not within our control and will not be known for prolonged periods of time. These uncertainties include those discussed in Part II, Item 1A, “Risk Factors.”
There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting estimates as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended October 27, 2024.
36
Table of Contents
Item 3:
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We are exposed to financial market risks, including fluctuations in interest rate and foreign currency exchange rates. For information about our exposure to market risks as of October 27, 2024, see Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 27, 2024.
Interest Rate Risk
Available-for-sale Debt Securities -
The market value of our investments in available-for-sale securities was approximately $3.7 billion at January 26, 2025. An immediate hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would result in a decrease in the fair value of investments as of January 26, 2025 of approximately $35 million.
Debt -
At January 26, 2025, the aggregate principal of long-term senior unsecured notes issued by us was $5.5 billion with an estimated fair value of $5.0 billion. A hypothetical decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points would result in an increase in the fair value of our long-term senior notes issuances of approximately $405 million at January 26, 2025. From time to time we use interest rate swaps or rate lock agreements to mitigate the potential impact of changes in benchmark interest rates on interest expense and cash flows.
Foreign Currency Risk
Certain of our operations are conducted in foreign currencies, such as Japanese yen, Israeli shekel, euro and Taiwanese dollar. Hedges are used to reduce, but not eliminate, the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on the consolidated balance sheet, statement of operations, and statement of cash flows.
We use primarily foreign currency forward contracts to offset the impact of foreign exchange movements on non-U.S. dollar