stock, amounts in excess of the acquisition cost are credited to additional paid in capital. If we reissue treasury stock at an amount below our acquisition cost and additional paid in capital associated with prior treasury stock transactions is insufficient to cover the difference between the acquisition cost and the reissue price, this difference is recorded against retained earnings.
73
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Dividends
During fiscal 2024, our Board of Directors declared one quarterly cash dividend of $
0.32
per share and three quarterly cash dividends of $
0.40
per share. During fiscal 2023, our Board of Directors declared one quarterly cash dividend of $
0.26
per share and three quarterly cash dividends of $
0.32
per share. During fiscal 2022, our Board of Directors declared one quarterly cash dividend of $
0.24
per share and three quarterly cash dividends of $
0.26
per share. Dividends paid during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 amounted to $
1.2
billion, $
975
million and $
873
million, respectively. We currently anticipate that cash dividends will continue to be paid on a quarterly basis, although the declaration of any future cash dividend is at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions and other factors, as well as a determination by the Board of Directors that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders.
Share-Based Compensation
We have a stockholder-approved equity plan, the Employee Stock Incentive Plan (ESIP), which permits grants to employees of share-based awards, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance share units and performance units. In addition, the plan provides for the automatic grant of restricted stock units to non-employee directors and permits the grant of share-based awards to non-employee directors and consultants. Share-based awards made under the plan may be subject to accelerated vesting under certain circumstances in the event of a change in control. In addition, we have an Omnibus Employees’ Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), which enables eligible employees to purchase our common stock.
We recognized share-based compensation expense related to equity awards and ESPP shares.
The effect of share-based compensation on the results of operations and the related tax benefits for each fiscal year were as follows:
The cost associated with share-based awards is typically recognized over the awards’ service period for the entire award on a straight-line basis, adjusting for estimated forfeitures. However, in the case of share-based awards granted to certain members of senior management that allow for partial accelerated vesting in the event of a qualifying retirement based on age and years of service, the compensation expense is recognized once the individual meets the