this investment tax credit when there is reasonable assurance that we will qualify for the credit and the benefit will be received. Investments related to the 25% investment tax credit reduced our income taxes payable by $170 million as of October 27, 2024.
On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act. The Inflation Reduction Act introduced a new 15% corporate minimum tax, based on adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations. Applicable corporations are allowed to claim a credit for the minimum tax paid against regular tax in future years. We are subject to the minimum tax in fiscal 2024 and expect to claim a credit for the minimum tax in future years.
40
Table of Contents
Several countries where we do business have enacted global minimum tax regimes based on the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project. This will change various aspects of the existing framework under which our global tax obligations are determined and is expected to increase our tax liabilities beginning in fiscal 2025. The OECD continues to release additional guidance on this new global minimum tax framework. We will continue to monitor these developments, as each jurisdiction incorporates changes into its tax laws.
Our conditional reduced tax rates in Singapore will expire in fiscal 2025, excluding potential renewal and subject to certain conditions with which we expect to comply.
Although cash requirements will fluctuate based on the timing and extent of factors such as those discussed above, our management believes that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash balances and borrowing capability, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements for the next 12 months. For further details regarding our operating, investing and financing activities, see the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in this report.
For details on standby letters of credit, guarantee instruments and other agreements with banks, see Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements below.
41
Table of Contents
Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We have certain on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet obligation arrangements to make future payments under various contracts. Certain contractual arrangements which are recorded on our balance sheet include borrowing facilities and debts and lease obligations.
Borrowing Facilities and Debt Obligations
As of October 27, 2024, we had $6.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes with varying maturities, of which $700 million is due within 12 months and the remaining notes are due beyond 12 months. Future interest payments associated with these unsecured notes were $2.8 billion, of which $239 million is due within 12 months and the remaining interest payments are due beyond 12 months. See Note 9
,
Borrowing Facilities and Debt, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial