exports of certain items to China, added certain Chinese companies to its “Entity List,” making those companies subject to additional licensing requirements, and expanded licensing requirements for exports to China of items for use in the development or production of integrated circuits and certain technologies. These regulations require us to obtain additional export licenses to supply certain of our products or provide services to certain customers in China. Obtaining export licenses may be difficult and time-consuming, and there is no assurance we will be issued licenses on a timely basis or at all. Our inability to obtain such licenses could limit our sales in China, may cause us to be displaced by foreign and Chinese domestic companies and adversely affect our results of operations. The implementation and interpretation of these complex rules and other regulatory actions taken by the U.S. government are uncertain and evolving and may make it more challenging for us to manage our operations and forecast our operating results. The U.S. and other governments may promulgate new or additional export licensing or other requirements that have the effect of further limiting our ability to provide certain products and services to customers outside the U.S., including China. The U.S. government may also revise or expand existing requirements or issue guidance clarifying the scope and application of these requirements, which could change the impact of these rules on our business and manufacturing operations. The U.S. government may also continue to add customers to its “Entity List” or promulgate additional restrictions, or take measures that could disrupt our product shipments or the provision of services to certain customers. These and other potential future regulatory changes could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
As a global business with customers, suppliers and operations in many countries around the world, from time to time we may receive inquiries from government authorities about transactions between us and certain foreign entities. For example, since 2022, we have received multiple subpoenas from government authorities requesting information relating to certain China customer shipments and export controls compliance, including from the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Commerce Department Bureau of Industry and Security, and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We are cooperating fully with the U.S. government in these matters. We have continued to receive related subpoenas, as well as requests for information, and may in the future receive additional related subpoenas and requests for information from such or other government authorities. Any such inquiries are subject to uncertainties, and we cannot predict the outcome of these inquiries, or any other governmental inquires or proceedings that may occur. Any violation or alleged violation of law or regulations could result