assumption of
100
% achievement of the goal.
As of January 26, 2025, we had $
1.3
billion in total unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to grants of share-based awards under the ESIP and shares issued under the ESPP, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of
2.9
years. As of January 26, 2025, there were
17
million shares available for grant of share-based awards under the ESIP, and an additional
10
million shares available for issuance under the ESPP.
Restricted Stock Units, Restricted Stock, Performance Share Units and Performance Units
A summary of the changes in restricted stock units, restricted stock, performance share units and performance units outstanding under our equity compensation plans during the three months ended January 26, 2025 is presented below:
As of January 26, 2025,
0.8
million additional performance-based awards could be earned based upon achievement of certain levels of specified performance and/or market goals.
A summary of the weighted-average grant date fair value per share of the granted restricted stock units, restricted stock, performance share units and performance units and total fair value vested awards for indicated periods is presented below:
During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, certain members of senior management were granted both awards subject solely to time-based vesting requirements and awards that are subject to the achievement of certain levels of specific performance and market goals, in addition to time-based vesting requirements (Performance-Based Awards). These Performance-Based Awards are subject to the achievement of targeted levels of non-GAAP economic profit and targeted levels of total shareholder return (TSR) relative to the TSR of the companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. Each of these two metrics will be weighted
50
% and will be measured over a
three-year
period.
The number of Performance-Based Awards that may vest in full after
three years
ranges from
0
% to
200
% of the target amount. The awards become eligible to vest only if the goals are achieved and will vest only if the grantee remains employed by us through each applicable vesting date, subject to a qualifying retirement based on age and years of service. The awards provide for a partial vesting based on actual performance at the conclusion of the
three-year
performance period in the event of a qualifying retirement.
20
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
Omnibus
Employees
’
Stock Purchase Plan
Under the ESPP, substantially all employees may purchase our common stock through payroll deductions at a price equal to
85
percent of the lower of the fair market value of our common stock at the beginning or end of each
6-month
purchase period, subject to certain limits. Our purchasing cycles begin in March and September of each of fiscal year. There were no purchases under our ESPP during either of the three months ended