financial markets, national debt, fiscal or monetary concerns, inflation and changes in interest rates, bank failures, and economic recession, could materially and adversely impact our operating results. Markets for our semiconductor and display equipment and services depend largely on business and consumer spending and demand for semiconductor chips and electronic devices. Uncertain or adverse economic and business conditions could result in decreases in business and consumer spending and demand. Decreases in spending and demand have caused, and may in the future cause, our customers to push out, cancel or refrain from purchasing our equipment or services, which could negatively impact demand for our products and services, reduce our backlog, increase our inventory, and materially and adversely impact our operating results.
Increases in demand for semiconductor chips and electronic devices have caused, and may in the future cause, a shortage of parts and materials needed to manufacture our products. Such shortages, and shipment delays due to transportation capacity and interruptions, have adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our suppliers’ ability to meet our requirements. Accelerated digital transformation may further increase demand and exacerbate shortages and strain our manufacturing capacity, which may adversely impact our ability to meet customer demand and have an adverse impact on our revenues, operating results and financial condition.
Uncertain or adverse economic and market conditions, difficulties in obtaining capital, increased costs or reduced profitability may cause some customers to scale back operations, exit businesses, merge with other manufacturers, or file for bankruptcy protection and potentially cease operations, which can result in lower sales, additional inventory or bad debt expense. Economic and industry uncertainty may impair the ability of suppliers to deliver parts and negatively affect our ability to manage operations and deliver products. These conditions may also lead to consolidation or strategic alliances among other equipment manufacturers, which could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively.
Uncertain economic and industry conditions and supply chain challenges make it more difficult to accurately forecast operating results, make business decisions, and identify and prioritize the risks that may affect our businesses, sources and uses of cash, financial condition and results of operations. If we do not appropriately manage our business operations it could have a material and adverse impact on our business performance and financial condition. We may be required to implement additional cost reduction efforts, including restructuring activities, which may adversely impact our ability to capitalize on opportunities. Even during periods of economic uncertainty or lower demand, we must continue to invest in research and development and
40
Table of Contents
maintain a global