fair value was $
5.1
billion. At October 29, 2023, the aggregate principal amount of long-term senior unsecured notes was $
5.5
billion and the estimated fair value was $
4.7
billion. The estimated fair value of long-term senior unsecured notes is determined by Level 2 inputs and is based primarily on quoted market prices for the same or similar issues. See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail of existing debt.
67
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Note 5
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
Derivative Financial Instruments
We conduct business in a number of foreign countries, with certain transactions denominated in local currencies, such as the Japanese yen, Israeli shekel, euro and Taiwanese dollar. We use derivative financial instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain forecasted foreign currency denominated transactions expected to occur typically within the next
24
months. The purpose of our foreign currency management is to mitigate the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on certain foreign currency denominated revenues, costs and eventual cash flows. The terms of currency instruments used for hedging purposes are generally consistent with the timing of the transactions being hedged.
We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Derivative instruments and hedging activities, including foreign exchange and interest rate contracts, are recognized on the balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment are recognized currently in earnings. All of our derivative financial instruments are recorded at their fair value in other current assets or in accounts payable and accrued expenses.
Hedges related to anticipated transactions are designated and documented at the inception of the hedge as cash flow hedges and foreign exchange derivatives are typically entered into once per month. Cash flow hedges are evaluated for effectiveness quarterly. The effective portion of the gain or loss on these hedges is reported as a component of AOCI in stockholders’ equity and is reclassified into earnings when the hedged transaction affects earnings. The majority of the after-tax net income or loss related to foreign exchange derivative instruments included in AOCI at October 27, 2024 is expected to be reclassified into earnings within
12
months. Changes in fair value caused by changes in time value of option contracts designated as cash flow hedges are excluded from the assessment of effectiveness. The initial value of this excluded component is amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the hedging instrument and recognized in the financial statement line item to which the hedge relates. If the transaction being hedged is probable not to occur, we recognize the gain or loss on the