in information technology and is responsible for administering secure and scalable security infrastructure. The CIO reports to our Chief Digital Officer, who has more than 37 years of experience in information technology.
Our management team’s efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents are informed by reviews with our information technology security teams, receipt of threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us, periodic assessments against the NIST Framework and through alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in our information technology environment.
27
Table of Contents
Item 2:
Properties
We own and lease facilities throughout the world for use as offices, manufacturing facilities, warehouses, and research and development centers, primarily in the United States, Taiwan, Singapore, China, Israel and India. As of October 27, 2024, we owned and leased approximately 9.0 million square feet and 4.9 million square feet of space, respectively. Our headquarters are in Santa Clara, California. Our products are manufactured primarily in the United States, Singapore, Israel and Taiwan. Because of the interrelation of our operations, properties within a country may be shared by the segments operating within that country.
We also own a total of approximately 279 acres of buildable land primarily in the United States that could accommodate additional facilities.
We consider the properties that we own or lease as adequate to meet our current and future requirements. We regularly assess the size, capability and location of our global infrastructure and periodically make adjustments based on these assessments.
28
Table of Contents
Item 3:
Legal Proceedings
The information set forth under “Legal Matters” in Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference.
See also “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Legal, Compliance, and Other Risks –
We are exposed to risks related to legal proceedings, claims and investigations.”
Item 4:
Mine Safety Disclosures
None.
29
Table of Contents
PART II
Item 5:
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information
Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol AMAT. As of December 6, 2024, there were 2,692 registered holders of our common stock. Information regarding quarterly cash dividends declared on our common stock during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 may be found under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources”.
Performance Graph
The performance graph below shows the five-year cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock during the period from October 27, 2019 through October 27, 2024. This is compared with the cumulative total