the benefits of our tax incentives.
We are subject to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities, and from time to time amend previously filed tax returns. We regularly assess the likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these examinations and amendments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, which requires estimates and judgments. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, there can be no assurance the tax authorities will agree with such estimates. We may have to engage in litigation to achieve the results reflected in the estimates, which may be time-consuming and expensive. There can be no assurance that we will be successful or that any final determination will not be materially different from the treatment reflected in our historical income tax provisions and effective tax rates.
Our indebtedness and debt covenants could adversely affect our financial condition and business.
As of October 27, 2024, we had $6.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes outstanding. Under the indenture governing the senior unsecured notes, we may be required to offer to repurchase the notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if we experience a change of control and a contemporaneous downgrade of the notes below investment grade. We also have in place a $1.5 billion revolving credit facility. While no amounts were outstanding under this credit facility as of October 27, 2024, we may borrow amounts in the future under this credit facility or enter into new financing arrangements. Our ability to satisfy our debt obligations is dependent upon the results of our business operations and subject to other risks discussed in this section. If we fail to satisfy our debt obligations, or comply with financial and other debt covenants, we may be in default and any borrowings may become immediately due and payable, and such default may constitute a default under our other obligations. There can be no assurance that we would have sufficient financial resources or be able to arrange financing to repay any borrowings at such time. Significant changes in our credit rating, disruptions in the global financial markets, or incurrence of new or refinancing of existing indebtedness at higher interest rates could have a material and adverse impact on our access to and cost of capital for future financings, and financial condition.
Our business depends on the successful implementation and proper functioning of information systems we use.
Our business depends on certain information systems, including, enterprise resource planning, product research and development, financial reporting, information technology network management, and telecommunications. These systems may be maintained by us or by our third-party vendors. Failures of information systems we use could disrupt our operations, impede our ability to timely and accurately