Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Chief Accounting Officer, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website or in a report on Form 8-K. The above information, including the Standards of Business Conduct, is available on our website under the Governance Documents section at
https://www.appliedmaterials.com/us/en/about/corporate-governance.html.
This website address is intended to be an inactive, textual reference only. None of the materials on, or accessible through, this website is part of this report or is incorporated by reference herein.
We have adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of our securities by our directors, officers, employees and other individuals associated with us that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to us. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 11:
Executive Compensation
The information required by this Item will be provided in accordance with Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K no later than February 24, 2025.
46
Table of Contents
Item 12:
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Except for the information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans (which is set forth below), the information required by this Item will be provided in accordance with Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K no later than February 24, 2025.
The following table summarizes information with respect to equity awards under our equity compensation plans as of October 27, 2024:
Equity Compensation Plan Information
(1)
Includes only restricted stock units and performance share units outstanding under our equity compensation plans, as no options, stock warrants or other rights were outstanding as of October 27, 2024.
(2)
The weighted average exercise price calculation does not take into account any restricted stock units or performance shares.
(3)
Includes 10 million shares of our common stock available for future issuance under the Applied Materials, Inc. Omnibus Employees’ Stock Purchase Plan. Of these 10 million shares, 1 million are subject to purchase during the purchase period in effect as of October 27, 2024.
We have the following equity compensation plan that has not been approved by stockholders:
Applied Materials Profit Sharing Scheme
. The Applied Materials Profit Sharing Scheme was adopted effective July 3, 1996 and amended from time to time to enable employees of Applied Materials Ireland Limited and its participating subsidiaries to purchase our common stock at 100% of fair market value on the purchase date. Under this plan, eligible employees may elect to forego a certain portion of their base salary and certain bonuses they have earned and that otherwise would be payable in cash to purchase shares of our common stock at full fair