Contents
Critical Accounting Estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported.
Estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be applicable and reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates may change as new events occur, as additional information is obtained and as our operating environment changes. These changes have historically been minor and have been included in the consolidated financial statements as soon as they became known. In addition, management is periodically faced with uncertainties, the outcomes of which are not within our control and will not be known for prolonged periods of time. These uncertainties include those discussed in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors.”
Management believes that the following is a critical accounting estimate:
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. The calculation of our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate involves significant judgment in estimating the impact of uncertainties in the application of complex and evolving tax laws. Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with our expectations could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. We recognize a current tax liability for the estimated amount of income taxes payable on tax returns for the current fiscal year. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effects of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. These estimates consider future operational results including realizability of our deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted to reflect the effects of enacted changes in tax rates, laws and status, including changes in tax incentives.
43
Table of Contents
Item 7A:
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We are exposed to financial market risks, including fluctuations in interest rate and foreign currency exchange rates.
Interest Rate Risk
Available-for-sale Debt Securities -
The market value of our investments in available-for-sale securities was approximately $3.2 billion at October 27, 2024. An immediate hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would result in a decrease in the fair value of investments as of October 27, 2024 of approximately $36 million.
Debt -
At October 27, 2024, the aggregate principal of long-term senior unsecured notes issued by us was $5.5 billion with an estimated fair value of $5.1 billion. A hypothetical decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points would result in an increase in the fair value of