service and operational difficulties, which could result in quality issues, reputational harm, lost market and revenue opportunities, and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We may incur impairment charges related to goodwill or long-lived assets.
We have a significant amount of goodwill and other acquired intangible assets related to acquisitions. Goodwill and purchased intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment annually during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, and more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. The review compares the fair value for each of our reporting units to its associated carrying value, including goodwill. Factors that could lead to impairment of goodwill and intangible assets include adverse industry or economic trends, reduced estimates of future cash flows, declines in the market price of our common stock, changes in our strategies or product portfolio, and restructuring activities. Our valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on historical experience and projections of future operating performance. We may be required to record future charges to earnings during the period in which an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets is determined to exist.
We may not continue to declare cash dividends or repurchase our shares.
Our ability to continue to pay quarterly dividends and to repurchase our shares is subject to capital availability and periodic determinations by our Board of Directors that cash dividends and share repurchases are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with applicable laws and agreements. Future dividends and share repurchases may be affected by, among other factors, our cash flow; potential future capital requirements for investments, acquisitions, infrastructure projects, and research and development; changes in applicable tax, corporate, or other laws; contractual restrictions, such as financial or operating covenants in our debt arrangements; and changes to our business model. Our dividend payments and share repurchases may change from time to time, and we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to declare dividends or repurchase shares in any particular amounts or at all. A reduction or suspension in our dividend payments or share repurchases could have a negative effect on the price of our common stock.
Legal, Compliance, and Other Risks
We are exposed to risks related to legal proceedings, claims and investigations.
From time to time we are, and in the future may be, involved in legal proceedings or claims regarding patent infringement, trade secret misappropriation, other intellectual property rights, trade compliance, including import, export and customs, antitrust, environmental regulations, cybersecurity, privacy,