effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.
Since 2022, we have received multiple subpoenas from government authorities requesting information relating to certain China customer shipments and export controls compliance, including from the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Commerce Department Bureau of Industry and Security, and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We also have received subpoenas from the U.S. Department of Justice requesting information related to certain federal award applications and information submitted to the federal government. We are cooperating fully with the U.S. government in these matters. We have continued to receive related subpoenas, as well as requests for information, and may in the future receive additional related subpoenas and requests for information from such or other government authorities. Any such matters are subject to uncertainties, and we cannot predict the outcome, nor reasonably estimate a range of loss or penalties, if any, relating to these matters.
21
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
Note 13
Industry Segment Operations
Our
three
reportable segments are: Semiconductor Systems, Applied Global Services (AGS), and Display. As defined under the accounting literature, our chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the President and Chief Executive Officer, who reviews operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire company. Segment information is presented based upon our management organization structure as of January 26, 2025 and the distinctive nature of each segment. Future changes to this internal financial structure may result in changes to our reportable segments.
The Semiconductor Systems reportable segment includes semiconductor capital equipment to enable materials engineering steps including etch, rapid thermal processing, deposition, chemical mechanical planarization, metrology and inspection, advanced wafer packaging, and ion implantation.
The AGS segment provides integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, including spares, upgrades, services, 200mm and other equipment and factory automation software for semiconductor, display and other products.
The Display segment includes products for manufacturing liquid crystal displays (LCDs), organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs), equipment upgrades and other display technologies for TVs, monitors, laptops, personal computers, smart phones, other consumer-oriented devices and solar energy cells.
Each operating segment is separately managed and has separate financial results that are reviewed by our chief operating decision-maker. Each reportable segment contains closely related products that are unique to the particular segment. Segment operating income is determined based upon internal performance measures used by our chief operating decision-maker.