CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
(In millions, except per share amounts)
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements.
6
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(
In millions)
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements.
7
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 1
Basis of Presentation and Recently Adopted Accounting Standards
Basis of Presentation
In the opinion of our management, the unaudited interim consolidated condensed financial statements of Applied Materials, Inc. and its subsidiaries (we, us, and our) included herein have been prepared on a basis consistent with the October 27, 2024 audited consolidated financial statements and include all material adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to fairly state the information set forth therein. These unaudited interim consolidated condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 27, 2024 (2024 Form 10-K).
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. Our results of operations for the three months ended January 26, 2025 are not necessarily indicative of future operating results. Our fiscal year ends on the last Sunday in October of each year. Fiscal 2025 and 2024 contain 52 weeks each and the first three months of fiscal 2025 and 2024 each contained 13 weeks.
Recently Adopted Accounting Standards
Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions.
In June 2022, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued an accounting standard update which clarifies how the fair value of equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions is determined (Topic 820). The amendment clarifies that a contractual sale restriction should not be considered in measuring fair value. It also requires certain qualitative and quantitative disclosures related to equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions. We adopted this authoritative guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on our consolidated condensed financial statements.
Note 2
Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share is determined using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is determined using the weighted average number of common shares and potential common shares (representing the dilutive effect of restricted