RD&E programs in current and new markets.
Marketing and selling expenses for the three months ended January 26, 2025 was flat compared to the same period in the prior year.
G&A expenses in the three months ended January 26, 2025 decreased compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to decreases in professional fees and variable compensation.
29
Table of Contents
Interest Expense and Interest and Other Income (expense), net
Interest expense and interest and other income (expense), net for the periods presented were as follows:
Interest expense incurred was primarily associated with issued senior unsecured notes. Interest expense in the three months ended January 26, 2025 increased slightly as a result of the issuance of senior unsecured notes in June 2024, compared to the same period in the prior year.
Interest and other income (expense), net in the three months ended January 26, 2025 decreased compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily driven by higher net loss on equity investments, partially offset by higher interest income.
Income Taxes
Provision for income taxes and effective tax rates for the periods presented were as follows:
Our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate are affected by the geographical composition of pre-tax income which includes jurisdictions with differing tax rates, conditional reduced tax rates and other income tax incentives. It is also affected by events that vary from period to period, such as changes in income tax laws and the resolution of prior years’ income tax filings.
Our effective tax rates for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 and 2024 were 44.1 percent and 12.3 percent, respectively. The effective tax rate for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 was higher than the same period in the prior fiscal year, primarily due to a remeasurement of deferred tax assets resulting from new tax incentive agreements in Singapore in fiscal 2025.
30
Table of Contents
Segment Operating Income
Operating income by segment for the periods presented were as follows:
Semiconductor System’s operating margin for the three months ended January 26, 2025 increased compared to the same period in the prior year primarily driven by favorable changes in customer and product mix, lower material and manufacturing costs, partially offset by increased RD&E expenses.
AGS’ operating margin for the three months ended January 26, 2025 decreased slightly compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to a decrease in 200mm equipment net revenue, higher excess and obsolete inventory, partially offset by higher net revenue from services and spares.
Display’s operating margin for the three months ended January 26, 2025 decreased compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to the decrease in Display net revenue, partially offset by favorable product mix.
31
Table of Contents
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted
Disaggregation of Income Statements Expenses
.