products and services from multiple reportable segments.
24
Table of Contents
Item 2.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following management’s discussion and analysis is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated condensed financial statements and notes, and for a full understanding of our results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with the consolidated condensed financial statements and notes included in this Form 10-Q and the financial statements and notes for the fiscal year ended October 27, 2024 contained in our Form 10-K filed on December 13, 2024.
This report contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of forward-looking statements include those regarding our future financial or operating results, customer demand and spending, end-user demand, our and market and industry trends and outlooks, cash flows and cash deployment strategies, declaration of dividends, share repurchases, business strategies and priorities, costs and cost controls, products, competitive positions, management’s plans and objectives for future operations, research and development, acquisitions, investments and divestitures, growth opportunities, restructuring and severance activities, backlog, working capital, liquidity, investment portfolio and policies, taxes, supply chain, manufacturing, properties, legal matters, claims and proceedings, and other statements that are not historical facts, as well as their underlying assumptions. Forward-looking statements may contain words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “intend,” “potential” and “continue,” the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and other important factors, including those discussed in Part II, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” below and elsewhere in this report. These and many other factors could affect our future financial condition and operating results and could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations based on forward-looking statements made in this document or elsewhere by us or on our behalf. Forward-looking statements are based on management’s estimates, projections and expectations as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to revise or update any such statements.
25
Table of Contents
Overview
We provide equipment, services and software to the semiconductor, display, and related industries. Our customers include manufacturers of semiconductor wafers and chips, liquid crystal and organic light-emitting diode (OLED) displays, and other electronic devices. Our customers’ products are used in a wide variety of products such as personal computing devices, mobile phones, artificial intelligence (AI) and data center servers, automobiles, connected devices, industrial applications