executive oﬃcers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b).      ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes
☐
No  ☑
Aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of April 28, 2024, based upon the closing sale price reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on that date: $
167,928,935,720
Number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s Common Stock, $0.01 par value, as of December 6, 2024:
813,684,638
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:
Portions of Part III will be provided in accordance with Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K no later than February 24, 2025.
Table of Contents
Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K of Applied Materials, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7, contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of forward-looking statements include those regarding our future financial or operating results, customer demand and spending, end-user demand, our and market and industry trends and outlooks, cash flows and cash deployment strategies, declaration of dividends, share repurchases, business strategies and priorities, costs and cost controls, products, competitive positions, management’s plans and objectives for future operations, research and development, acquisitions, investments and divestitures, growth opportunities, restructuring and severance activities, backlog, working capital, liquidity, investment portfolio and policies, taxes, supply chain, manufacturing, properties, legal matters, claims and proceedings, and other statements that are not historical facts, as well as their underlying assumptions. Forward-looking statements may contain words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “intend,” “potential” and “continue,” the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and other important factors, including those discussed in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” below and elsewhere in this report. These and many other factors could affect our future financial condition and operating results and could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations based on forward-looking statements made in this document or elsewhere by us or on our behalf. Forward-looking statements are based on management’s estimates, projections and expectations as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to revise or update any such statements.
The following information should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report.
2
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
FORM 10-K FOR