conditions for a qualifying retirement. We calculate estimated forfeiture rate on an annual basis, based on historical forfeiture activities. The cost associated with performance-based equity awards, which include performance and/or market goals, is recognized for each tranche over the service period. The cost of the portion of performance-based equity awards subject to performance goals is recognized based on an assessment of the likelihood that the applicable performance goals will be achieved, and the cost of the portion of performance-based equity awards subject to market goals is recognized based on the assumption of
100
% achievement of the goal.
At October 27, 2024, we had $
911
million in total unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to grants of share-based awards under the ESIP and shares issued under the ESPP, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of
2.4
years. At October 27, 2024, there were
21
million shares available for grant of share-based awards under the ESIP, and an additional
10
million shares available for issuance under the ESPP.
Stock Options
Stock options are rights to purchase, at future dates, shares of our common stock. There were
no
stock options granted during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 and
no
outstanding stock options at the end of fiscal 2024.
74
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Restricted Stock Units, Restricted Stock, Performance Share Units and Performance Units
Restricted stock units are converted into shares of our common stock upon vesting on a one-for-one basis. Restricted stock has the same rights as other issued and outstanding shares of our common stock except these shares generally have no right to dividends and are held in escrow until the award vests. Performance share units and performance units are awards that result in a payment to a grantee, generally in shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis, if performance goals, market goals and/or other vesting criteria are achieved or the awards otherwise vest. Restricted stock units, restricted stock, performance share units and performance units typically vest over
three
to
four years
and vesting is usually subject to the grantee’s continued service with us and, in some cases, achievement of specified performance and/or market goals.
The compensation expense related to share-based awards subject solely to time-based vesting requirements (Service-Based Awards) is determined using the market value of our common stock, adjusted to exclude the present value of expected dividends during the vesting period. The market value of our common stock is calculated using the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant, or if the grant date is not a trading date, the average of the closing prices on the trading dates immediately preceding and following the grant date.
During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, certain members of senior