jurisdictions with complex and changing tax laws” for further details
. For additional discussions regarding the impact of compliance with income tax laws and regulations on our business and operations,
see also “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations– Results of Operations – Income Taxes” and Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
9
Table of Contents
Our People
Our commitment to innovation begins with the commitment to creating an environment in which our employees can do their best work. Our ability to create differentiated value in the marketplace is driven by the capability of our people to anticipate technology inflections and integrate customer requirements. To achieve this level of value creation, we believe we must continue to attract, hire, develop and retain a world-class global workforce. We invest in our employees by providing quality training and learning opportunities, a compelling career path, promoting inclusion, equity and diversity, and upholding a high standard of ethics and respect for human rights.
As of October 27, 2024, we employed approximately 35,700 regular full-time employees, of whom approximately 45%, 43% and 12% resided in the Asia-Pacific region, North America, and Europe/Middle East, respectively. Our team spans 24 countries, reflecting various cultures, back grounds, race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, ages, and disability, veteran and military status.
Culture of Inclusion
We value great talent and different perspectives, knowing that diversity is one of our greatest strengths. We therefore strive to provide fair and equal opportunity for career development and advancement to all our employees and incorporate respect for diverse backgrounds and perspectives into our culture at every level – from strategy and policy down to everyday interactions.
We expect that our commitment to strengthening our culture of inclusion will broaden the diversity of our workplace and help us build a culture that benefits everyone. In recent years, we continued to make progress in our culture of inclusion journey, including, among other things, increasing female representation in the United States and global workforce, and increasing minority representation in the United States. As of October 27, 2024, our global workforce was 79.2% male and 20.6% female, and 19.8% of our workforce in the United States was composed of underrepresented minorities.
Talent Acquisition and Retention
We believe that our future success is highly dependent upon our continued ability to attract, develop, retain and engage employees. As part of our effort to attract and retain employees, we offer competitive rewards, compensation and benefits, including an Employee Stock Incentive Plan, an Employees’ Stock Purchase Plan, healthcare and retirement benefits, parental and family leave, adoption credits, holiday and paid time off, and tuition