the following:
Sources and Uses of Cash
A summary of cash provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities is as follows:
Operating Activities
Cash from operating activities for the three months ended January 26, 2025 was $925 million, which reflects net income adjusted for the effect of non-cash charges and changes in working capital components. Significant non-cash charges included depreciation, amortization, gain or loss on investments, share-based compensation and deferred income taxes. Cash provided by operating activities decreased in the first three months of fiscal 2025 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to lower collections of customer receivable balances, lower new billings for products and services for which there were unsatisfied performance obligations, partially offset by lower payments to vendors.
We have agreements with various financial institutions to sell accounts receivable and discount promissory notes from selected customers. We sell our accounts receivable generally without recourse. From time to time, we also discount letters of credit issued by customers through various financial institutions. The discounting of letters of credit depends on many factors, including the willingness of financial institutions to discount the letters of credit and the cost of such arrangements. We sold $34 million and $169 million of account receivables during the three months ended January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, respectively. We did not discount letters of credit issued by customers or discount promissory notes during the three months ended January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, respectively.
Our working capital was $13.0 billion as of January 26, 2025 and $12.8 billion as of October 27, 2024.
Days sales outstanding of our accounts receivable at January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024 were 76 days and 64 days, respectively. Days sales outstanding varies due to the timing of shipments and payment terms. The increase in days sales outstanding was primarily due to higher accounts receivable balance as a result of the timing of customer payments, and unfavorable revenue linearity.
Investing Activities
We used $897 million of cash in investing activities during the three months ended January 26, 2025. Capital expenditures totaled $381 million, purchases of investments, net of proceeds from sales and maturities of investments were $488 million, and net cash paid for acquisition of $28 million, during the three months ended January 26, 2025
Our investment portfolio consists principally of investment grade money market mutual funds, U.S. Treasury and agency securities, municipal bonds, corporate bonds and mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, as well as equity securities. We regularly monitor the credit risk in our investment portfolio and take appropriate measures, which may include the sale of certain securities, to manage such risks prudently in accordance with our investment policies.
33