results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.
Cash Equivalents
All highly-liquid investments with a remaining maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents consist primarily of investments in institutional money market funds and investment grade commercial paper.
Investments
All of our investments, except equity investments, are classified as available-for-sale at the respective balance sheet dates. Investments classified as available-for-sale are measured and recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value, and unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income. Interest earned on cash and investments, as well as realized gains and losses on sale of securities, are included in interest and other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Our equity investments with readily determinable values consist of publicly traded equity securities. These investments are measured at fair value using quoted prices for identical assets in an active market. Privately held equity investments without readily determinable fair value are measured at cost, less impairment, adjusted by observable price changes. Adjustments resulting from impairments and observable price changes are recorded in interest and other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Investments with remaining effective maturities of 12 months or less from the balance sheet date are classified as short-term investments. Investments with remaining effective maturities of more than 12 months from the balance sheet date are classified as long-term investments.
Fair Value Measurements
Our financial assets are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, except for equity investments in privately held companies. These equity investments are generally accounted for under the measurement alternative, defined as cost, less impairments, adjusted for subsequent observable price changes and are periodically assessed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that a decline in value may have occurred. Our nonfinancial assets, such as goodwill, intangible assets, and property, plant and equipment, are recorded at cost and are assessed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable.
We use the following hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:
•
Level 1 — Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
57
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
•
Level 2 — Inputs other than Level 1 that are