certain products, all of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
We are exposed to cybersecurity threats and incidents.
In the conduct of our business, we collect, use, transmit, store, and otherwise process data using information technology systems, including systems owned and maintained by us or our third-party providers. These data include confidential information and intellectual property belonging to us or our customers or other business partners, and personal information of individuals. All information technology systems are subject to disruptions, outages, failures, and security breaches or incidents, which may be caused by a variety of internal and external factors. We and our third-party providers have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, cybersecurity incidents. Cybersecurity incidents may range from physical attacks on our computer system or network infrastructure, to employee or contractor error or misuse or unauthorized use of information technology systems or confidential information, to individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to these information systems, to sophisticated cybersecurity attacks, or advanced persistent threats, any of which may target or impact us directly or indirectly through our third-party providers and global supply chain. Threat actors may also attempt to influence employees, suppliers and other third-party providers, or customers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our, our customers’ or business partners’ data. Cybersecurity attacks are increasing in number and the attackers are increasingly organized and well-financed, or at times supported by state actors. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts, such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and increasing tension with China, may create a heightened risk of cybersecurity attacks. To the extent artificial intelligence capabilities improve and are increasingly adopted by threat actors, they may be used to identify vulnerabilities and craft increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity attacks. Artificial intelligence and deepfake technologies could be used to attack information systems by creating more effective phishing emails or social engineering and by exploiting vulnerabilities in electronic security programs utilizing false image or voice recognition. Vulnerabilities, technical errors and other risks may be introduced through the use of artificial intelligence by us, our customers, suppliers and other business partners and third-party providers, or through the use of third-party hardware and software. Although we are not aware of any cybersecurity incidents impacting our information systems that have been determined to have a material impact on us to date, we continue to devote significant resources to network security, data encryption, and other measures to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access or misuse, and we may be required to expend greater resources in