whether or not meritorious, can be expensive and time-consuming to defend and resolve, and may divert the efforts and attention of management and personnel. The inability to obtain rights to use third-party intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms could have an adverse impact on our business. We may face claims based on the theft or unauthorized use or disclosure of third-party trade secrets and other confidential business information. Any such incidents and claims could severely harm our business and reputation, result in significant expenses, harm our competitive position, and prevent us from selling certain products, all of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
We are exposed to cybersecurity threats and incidents.
In the conduct of our business, we collect, use, transmit, store, and otherwise process data using information technology systems, including systems owned and maintained by us or our third-party providers. These data include confidential information and intellectual property belonging to us or our customers or other business partners, and personal information of individuals. All information technology systems are subject to disruptions, outages, failures, and security breaches or incidents, which may be caused by a variety of internal and external factors. We and our third-party providers have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, cybersecurity incidents. Cybersecurity incidents may range from physical attacks on our computer system or network infrastructure, to employee or contractor error or misuse or unauthorized use of information
21
Table of Contents
technology systems or confidential information, to individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to these information systems, to sophisticated cybersecurity attacks, or advanced persistent threats, any of which may target or impact us directly or indirectly through our third-party providers and global supply chain. Threat actors may also attempt to influence employees, suppliers and other third-party providers, or customers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our, our customers’ or business partners’ data. Cybersecurity attacks are increasing in number and the attackers are increasingly organized and well-financed, or at times supported by state actors. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts, such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and increasing tension with China, may create a heightened risk of cybersecurity attacks. To the extent artificial intelligence capabilities improve and are increasingly adopted by threat actors, they may be used to identify vulnerabilities and craft increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity attacks. Artificial intelligence and deepfake technologies could be used to attack information systems by creating more effective phishing emails or social engineering and by exploiting vulnerabilities in electronic security programs utilizing false image or voice