such arrangements.
We sold $
0.4
billion, $
0.7
billion and $
1.0
billion of accounts receivable during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We did
not
discount letters of credit issued by customers in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022. There was
no
discounting of promissory notes in each of fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022. Financing charges on the sale of receivables and discounting of letters of credit are included in interest expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and were not material for all years presented.
We maintain an allowance for credit losses for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. This allowance is based on historical experience, credit evaluations, specific customer collection history and any customer-specific issues we have identified. Changes in circumstances, such as an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer’s ability to meet its financial obligation to us or its payment trends, may require us to further adjust our estimates of the recoverability of amounts due to us. Bad debt expense and any reversals are recorded in marketing and selling expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.
The balances of allowance for credit losses and changes in allowance for credit losses were not material for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022.
We sell our products principally to manufacturers within the semiconductor and display industries. While we believe that our allowance for credit losses is adequate and represents our best estimate as of October 27, 2024, we continue to closely monitor customer liquidity and industry and economic conditions, which may result in changes to our estimates.
Note 7
Contract Balances and Performance Obligations
Contract Assets and Liabilities
Contract assets primarily result from receivables for goods transferred to customers where payment is conditional upon technical sign off and not just the passage of time. Contract liabilities consist of unsatisfied performance obligations related to advance payments received and billings in excess of revenue recognized. Our contract assets and liabilities are reported in a net position on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period.
Contract assets are generally classified as current and are included in Other Current Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Contract liabilities are classified as current or non-current based on the timing of when performance obligations will be satisfied and associated revenue is expected to be recognized.
Contract balances at the end of each reporting period were as follows:
The decrease in contract assets during fiscal 2024, was primarily due to a reduction in goods transferred to customers where payment was conditional upon technical sign off.
During fiscal 2024, we recognized revenue of approximately $
2.7
billion related to contract liabilities at October 29, 2023. This reduction in contract liabilities was partially offset