accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
50
Table of Contents
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Evaluation of sufficiency of audit evidence over revenue
As discussed in Notes 1 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded $27,176 million in net revenue, for the year ended October 27, 2024. The Company generates revenue by providing manufacturing equipment, services and software to customers in the semiconductor, display and related industries. The Company’s process to account for and recognize revenue differs across revenue streams.
We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained over net revenue as a critical audit matter. Evaluating the sufficiency of audit evidence required subjective auditor judgment due to the number of revenue streams and separate processes to account for and recognize revenue. This included determining the nature and extent of audit evidence obtained over each revenue stream.
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the revenue streams over which procedures were performed as well as the nature and extent of such procedures. For revenue streams where procedures were performed, we:
•
evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s revenue recognition processes, including the Company’s controls over the accurate recording of revenue.
•
evaluated the Company’s revenue recognition accounting policies.
•
evaluated, for a sample of revenue transactions, (1) the accounting for consistency with the Company’s accounting policies, as