spending on services. The changes in net revenue from customers in all other regions for fiscal 2024 primarily reflected changes in investment and spending on semiconductor equipment and services.
Operating Expenses
Operating expenses for the periods presented were as follows:
The year-over-year change in RD&E expenses was primarily due to additional headcount to support our ongoing investments in product development initiatives, consistent with our growth strategy, offset by lower depreciation expense as a result of changes in certain assets’ useful lives effective as of the beginning of fiscal 2024. We continued to prioritize existing RD&E investments in technical capabilities and critical RD&E programs in current and new markets, with a focus on the development of new unit process systems and integrated materials solutions. Areas of investment in Semiconductor Systems include etch, deposition, metrology and inspection, patterning, packaging and other technologies to improve chip performance, power, area, cost and time-to-market. In Display, RD&E investments were focused on expanding our market opportunity with new display technologies.
Marketing and selling expenses for fiscal 2024 increased primarily due to additional headcount.
General and administrative expenses in fiscal 2024 increased primarily due to the increases in share-based compensation expense and professional fees.
35
Table of Contents
Interest Expense and Interest and Other Income (expense), net
Interest expense and interest and other income (expense), net for the periods presented were as follows:
Interest expense incurred was primarily associated with issued senior unsecured notes. Interest expense in fiscal 2024 increased slightly as a result of the issuance of senior unsecured notes in June 2024.
Interest and other income (expense), net in fiscal 2024 increased primarily driven by higher interest income due to higher cash balances and lower impairment on equity investment, partially offset by higher net loss on equity investment.
Income Taxes
Provision for income taxes and effective tax rates for the periods indicated were as follows:
Our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate are affected by the geographical composition of pre-tax income which includes jurisdictions with differing tax rates, conditional reduced tax rates and other income tax incentives. It is also affected by events that vary from period to period, such as changes in income tax laws and the resolution of prior years’ income tax filings.
Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 was higher than the prior fiscal year primarily due to lower tax credits in fiscal 2024, partially offset by higher proportion of pre-tax income in lower tax jurisdictions in fiscal 2024.
36
Table of Contents
Segment Operating Income
Operating income by segment for the periods presented were as follows:
Semiconductor Systems’ operating margin for fiscal 2024 increased primarily driven by lower material, freight, logistics and