The chief operating decision-maker does not evaluate operating segments using total asset information.
We derive the segment results directly from our internal management reporting system. The accounting policies we use to derive reportable segment results are substantially the same as those used for external reporting purposes. Management measures the performance of each reportable segment based upon several metrics including net revenue and operating income. Management uses these results to evaluate the performance of, and to assign resources to, each of the reportable segments.
The Corporate and Other category includes revenues and costs of products not included in our reportable segments, as well as certain operating expenses that are not allocated to our reportable segments and are managed separately at the corporate level. These operating expenses include costs related to certain management, finance, legal, human resources, and research, development and engineering functions provided at the corporate level; and unabsorbed information technology and occupancy. In addition, we do not allocate to our reportable segments severance, asset impairment and any associated charges related to restructuring actions, unless these actions pertain to a specific reportable segment. Segment operating income also excludes interest income/expense and other financial charges and income taxes. Management does not consider the unallocated costs in measuring the performance of the reportable segments.
22
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
Net revenue and operating income (loss) for each reportable segment were as follows:
Semiconductor Systems and Display revenues are recognized at a point in time. AGS revenue is recognized at a point in time for tangible goods such as spare parts and equipment, and over time for service agreements. The majority of revenue recognized over time is recognized within 12 months of the contract inception.
Details of goodwill by reportable segment as of January 26, 2025 and October 27, 2024 were as follows:
From time to time, we acquire companies related to our existing or new markets. During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, goodwill increased primarily due to the preliminary purchase accounting for an acquisition, net of adjustments, which was not material to our results of operations or to our balance sheet.
23
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
Net revenue by geographic region, determined by the location of customers’ facilities to which products were shipped and services were performed, was as follows:
Net revenue for Semiconductor Systems by market for the periods presented were as follows:
The reconciling items included in Corporate and Other were as follows:
The following customers accounted for at least 10 percent of our net revenue for the three months ended January 26, 2025, and sales to these customers included