increased by
5
years; demonstration and manufacturing equipment increased to
5
to
8
years. The estimated useful lives for the following assets remained unchanged from fiscal 2023: software,
3
to
5
years; and furniture, fixtures and other equipment,
3
to
5
years. Land improvements are amortized over the shorter of
15
years or the estimated useful life. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of
five years
or the lease term.
The change in accounting estimate was applied on a prospective basis to the assets on our balance sheet as of October 29, 2023, as well as to subsequent asset purchases. Based on the net carrying amounts of assets in use as of the end of fiscal 2023, the impact of this change was a reduction of $
128
million in depreciation expense during fiscal 2024, and an increase of $
0.12
in both basic and diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2024.
Government Assistance
We receive government assistance from various domestic and foreign governments in the form of cash grants or refundable tax credits. These arrangements incentivize us to continue growing our capital investments and research and development activities. Government incentives generally contain conditions that must be met in order for the assistance to be earned. We recognize the incentives when there is reasonable assurance that we will comply with all conditions specified in the incentive arrangement and the incentive will be received.
We record
capital expenditure
related incentives as an offset to the associated property, plant and equipment, net within our Consolidated Balance Sheets and recognize a reduction to depreciation expense over the useful life of the corresponding acquired asset. We record incentives related to operating activities as a reduction to expense in the same line item on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as the expenditure for which the grant is intended to compensate.
58
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Acquisitions
We account for the acquisition of a business using the acquisition method of accounting. Our methodology for allocating the purchase price relating to purchase acquisitions is determined through established and generally accepted valuation techniques. We allocate the fair value of the purchase consideration of our acquisitions to the tangible assets, liabilities, and intangible assets acquired, including in-process technology, based on their estimated fair values. Goodwill is measured as the excess of the purchase price over the sum of the amounts assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired less liabilities assumed. We assign assets acquired (including goodwill) and liabilities assumed to one or more reporting units as of the date of acquisition. Typically, acquisitions relate to a single reporting unit and thus do not require the allocation of goodwill to multiple reporting units. If the products obtained in an acquisition are