THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED OCTOBER 27, 2024
TABLE OF CONTENTS
3
Table of Contents
PART I
Item 1:
Business
Applied Materials, Inc. is the leader in the materials engineering solutions used to produce virtually every semiconductor and advanced display in the world. We are experts in the design, development, production, and servicing of the critical wafer fabrication and display fabrication tools our customers need to manufacture semiconductors and displays. Our customers’ products are used in a wide variety of products such as personal computing devices, mobile phones, artificial intelligence (AI) and data center servers, automobiles, connected devices, industrial applications and consumer electronics. We have the semiconductor capital equipment industry’s most comprehensive portfolio of products. This breadth allows us the ability to connect and co-optimize technologies across our portfolio, enabling our customers to achieve superior results as manufacturing semiconductors and displays is becoming increasingly complex. Semiconductors provide the foundation for advances in technology that are reshaping the global economy, including artificial intelligence, internet of things, robotics, electric and autonomous vehicles, and clean energy.
Incorporated in 1967, we are a Delaware corporation. Our fiscal year ends on the last Sunday in October. We operate in three reportable segments: Semiconductor Systems, Applied Global Services® (AGS), and Display. The Semiconductor Systems segment represents the largest contributor to our net revenue. A summary of financial information for each reportable segment is found in Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. A discussion of factors that could affect operations is set forth under “Risk Factors” in Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Semiconductor Systems
Our Semiconductor Systems segment designs, develops, manufactures and sells a wide range of primarily 300mm equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips, also referred to as integrated circuits (ICs). The Semiconductor Systems segment consists of the semiconductor capital equipment industry’s most comprehensive portfolio of products used in the chip making process. Our products address steps across materials engineering, process control and advanced packaging, including the conversion of patterns into device structures, transistor and interconnect fabrication, metrology, inspection and review, and packaging technologies for connecting finished IC die. In addition to providing equipment for individual process steps, we have the ability to combine, co-optimize and integrate our technologies to develop highly differentiated solutions for our customers. Our equipment helps customers improve the power, performance, yield and costs of the semiconductor devices.
Our patterning systems and technologies address challenges resulting from shrinking pattern dimensions and the growing complexity in vertical stacking found in today’s most