receivables and discounting of letters of credit are included in interest expense in the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations and were not material for all periods presented.
We maintain an allowance for credit losses for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. This allowance is based on historical experience, credit evaluations, specific customer collection history and any customer-specific issues we have identified. Changes in circumstances, such as an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer’s ability to meet its financial obligation to us or its payment trends, may require us to further adjust our estimates of the recoverability of amounts due to us. Bad debt expense and any reversals are recorded in marketing and selling expenses in the Consolidated Condensed Statement of Operations.
The balances of allowance for credit losses were not material as of January 26, 2025 and October 27, 2024, and the changes in allowance for credit losses were not material for the three months ended January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024.
We sell our products principally to manufacturers within the semiconductor and display industries. While we believe that our allowance for credit losses is adequate and represents our best estimate as of January 26, 2025, we continue to closely monitor customer liquidity and industry and economic conditions, which may result in changes to our estimates.
Note 7
Contract Balances and Performance Obligations
Contract Assets and Liabilities
Contract assets primarily result from receivables for goods transferred to customers where payment is conditional upon technical sign off and not just the passage of time. Contract liabilities consist of unsatisfied performance obligations related to advance payments received and billings in excess of revenue recognized. Our contract assets and liabilities are reported in a net position on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period.
Contract assets are generally classified as current and are included in Other Current Assets in the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets. Contract liabilities are classified as current or non-current based on the timing of when performance obligations will be satisfied and associated revenue is expected to be recognized.
Contract balances at the end of each reporting period were as follows:
The increase in contract assets during the three months ended January 26, 2025 was primarily due to an increase in unsatisfied performance obligations related to goods transferred to customers where payment was conditional upon technical sign off.
During the three months ended January 26, 2025, we recognized revenue of approximately $
1.3
billion related to contract liabilities at October 27, 2024. Contract liabilities decreased during the three months ended January 26, 2025 due to revenue recognized related to contract liabilities at October 27, 2024, partially offset by