requirements, business conditions and other factors, as well as a determination by the Board of Directors that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders.
We have credit facilities for unsecured borrowings in various currencies of up to $1.6 billion, of which $1.5 billion is comprised of a committed revolving credit agreement (Revolving Credit Agreement) with a group of banks. The Revolving Credit Agreement is scheduled to expire in February 2026, unless extended as permitted under the Revolving Credit Agreement. The Revolving Credit Agreement includes financial and other covenants with which we were in compliance as of October 27, 2024. No amounts were outstanding under the Revolving Credit Agreement as of October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023. See Note 9
,
Borrowing Facilities and Debt, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion related to our Revolving Credit Agreement and other credit facilities.
We have a short-term commercial paper program under which we may from time to time issue unsecured commercial paper notes of up to a total amount of $1.5 billion. The proceeds from the issuances of commercial paper are used for general corporate purposes. At October 27, 2024, we had $100 million of commercial paper notes outstanding. The commercial paper program is backstopped by the Revolving Credit Agreement and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement reduce the amount of commercial paper notes we can issue.
In June 2024, we issued $700 million aggregate principal amount of 4.800% senior unsecured notes due 2029 in a registered public offering. The proceeds from the issuance of the senior unsecured notes are intended for general corporate purposes.
We had senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amount of $6.2 billion outstanding as of October 27, 2024. See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of existing debt. We may seek to refinance our existing debt and may incur additional indebtedness depending on our capital requirements and the availability of financing.
Others
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act). The Tax Act requires a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. The transition tax expense is payable in installments over eight years, with eight percent due in each of the first five years starting with fiscal 2018. As of October 27, 2024, we had $459 million of total payments remaining, payable in installments in the next two years.
On August 9, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the U.S. CHIPS and Science Act (“CHIPS Act”). The CHIPS Act creates a 25% investment tax credit for certain investments in domestic semiconductor manufacturing. The credit is provided for qualifying property, which is placed in service after December 31, 2022, for which construction begins before January 1, 2027, and is treated as a government grant. We recognize