realized or the liabilities are settled. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effect of a change in tax rates, laws, or status when the change is enacted.
We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized from such positions are estimated based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Any changes in judgment related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in our provision for income taxes in the quarter in which such change occurs. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in our provision for income taxes.
61
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Derivative Financial Instruments
We use financial instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge a portion of, but not all, existing and anticipated foreign currency denominated transactions typically expected to occur within 24 months. The purpose of our foreign currency management is to mitigate the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on certain foreign currency denominated revenues, costs and eventual cash flows. In certain cases, we also use interest rate swap or lock agreements to hedge against the variability of cash flows due to changes in the benchmark interest rate of fixed rate debt. The terms of derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes are generally consistent with the timing of the transactions being hedged. Our derivative financial instruments are recorded as assets or liabilities at fair value and reported gross on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. However, under master netting agreements in place with our counterparties, we may net settle transactions of the same currency under certain circumstances. For derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges, the gain or loss is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders’ equity, and is reclassified into earnings when the hedged transaction affects earnings. Any portion excluded from the assessment of effectiveness is recognized in the same line as the hedged transaction but may be recognized in a different manner, e.g. amortized. If a hedged transaction becomes probable of not occurring according to the original strategy, the hedge relationship is discontinued and we recognize the gain or loss on the associated derivative in earnings. For hedges of existing foreign currency denominated assets or liabilities, the gain or loss is recorded in earnings in the same period to offset the changes in the fair value of the assets or liabilities being hedged.
Foreign Currency
As of October 27, 2024, all of our subsidiaries use the United States dollar as their functional