Table of Contents
Financing Activities
We used $1.8 billion of cash in financing activities during the three months ended January 26, 2025, consisting primarily of cash used for repurchases of common stock of $1.3 billion, a quarterly cash dividend paid to stockholders totaling $326 million, and tax withholding payments for vested equity awards of $142 million.
We currently anticipate that cash dividends will continue to be paid on a quarterly basis, although the declaration of any future cash dividend is at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions and other factors, as well as a determination by the Board of Directors that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders.
In March 2023, our Board of Directors approved a common stock repurchase program authorizing $10.0 billion in repurchases, which supplemented the previously existing authorization. As of January 26, 2025, approximately $7.6 billion remained available for future stock repurchases under the repurchase program.
We have credit facilities for unsecured borrowings in various currencies of up to $1.6 billion, of which $1.5 billion is comprised of a committed revolving credit agreement (Revolving Credit Agreement) with a group of banks. The Revolving Credit Agreement is scheduled to expire in February 2026, unless extended as permitted under the Revolving Credit Agreement. The Revolving Credit Agreement includes financial and other covenants with which we were in compliance as of January 26, 2025. No amounts were outstanding under the Revolving Credit Agreement as of January 26, 2025 and October 27, 2024. See Note 9, Borrowing Facilities and Debt, of the Notes to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for further discussion related to our Revolving Credit Agreement and other credit facilities.
We have a short-term commercial paper program under which we may from time to time issue unsecured commercial paper notes of up to a total amount of $1.5 billion. The proceeds from the issuances of commercial paper are used for general corporate purposes. As of January 26, 2025, we had commercial paper notes outstanding with an aggregate principal amount of $100 million. The commercial paper program is backstopped by the Revolving Credit Agreement and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement reduce the amount of commercial paper notes we can issue.
We had senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amount of $6.2 billion outstanding as of January 26, 2025. See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for additional discussion of existing debt.
We may seek to refinance our existing debt and may incur additional indebtedness depending on our capital requirements, general corporate purposes and the availability of financing.
In the ordinary course of business, we provide standby letters of credit or other guarantee instruments to