customer base.
A relatively limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of our business. Our customer base is geographically concentrated, particularly in China, Taiwan and Korea. As a result, the actions of even a single customer or export regulations that apply to customers in certain countries, such as those in China, have exposed and can further expose our business and operating results to greater volatility. The geographic concentration of our customer base could shift over time as a result of changes in technology and competitive landscape, as well as government policy and incentives to develop regional semiconductor industries. The mix and type of customers, and sales to any single customer, including as a result of changes in government policy, have varied and may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, and have had, and may continue to have, a significant impact on our operating results. Our products are configured to customer specifications, and changing, rescheduling or canceling orders may result in significant, non-recoverable costs. If customers do not place orders, or they substantially reduce, delay or cancel orders (including as a result of uncertain or adverse economic conditions, our inability to fulfill orders due to export regulations, shortage of parts, transportation capacity/interruptions or any other reason), we may not be able to replace the business, which may have a material and adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. The concentration of our customer base increases our risks related to the financial condition of our customers, and the deterioration in financial condition of a single customer or the failure of a single customer to perform its obligations could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flow. To the extent our customers experience liquidity constraints, we may incur bad debt expense, which may have a significant impact on our results of operations. Major customers may seek pricing, payment, intellectual property-related, or other commercial terms that are less favorable to us, which may have a negative impact on our business, cash flow, revenue and gross margins.
Supply chain disruptions, manufacturing interruptions or delays, or the failure to accurately forecast customer demand, could affect our ability to meet customer demand, lead to higher costs, or result in excess or obsolete inventory.
Our business depends on our timely supply of products and services to meet the changing requirements of our customers, which depends in part on the timely delivery of parts, materials and services from suppliers and contract manufacturers. Increases in demand for our products and worldwide demand for semiconductor chips and electronic devices can impact our suppliers’ ability to meet our demand requirements, and have in the past resulted in, and may from time to time result in, a shortage of parts, materials and