2026 for interim periods, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating the effect of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions.
In June 2022, the FASB issued an accounting standard update which clarifies how the fair value of equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions is determined (Topic 820). The amendment clarifies that a contractual sale restriction should not be considered in measuring fair value. It also requires certain qualitative and quantitative disclosures related to equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions. We will adopt this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
Accounting Standards Adopted
For a description of recently adopted accounting standards, including the date of adoption and the effect, if any, on our consolidated financial statements, see Note 1, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
38
Table of Contents
Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our cash, cash equivalents and investments consist of the following:
Sources and Uses of Cash
A summary of cash provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities is as follows:
Operating Activities
Cash from operating activities for fiscal 2024 was $8.7 billion, which reflects net income adjusted for the effect of non-cash charges and changes in working capital components. Significant non-cash charges included depreciation, amortization, share-based compensation and deferred income taxes. Cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2024 remained relatively flat primarily due to lower collections of customer receivable balances, partially offset by lower payments to vendors and higher net income.
We have agreements with various financial institutions to sell accounts receivable and discount promissory notes from selected customers. We sell our accounts receivable generally without recourse. From time to time, we also discount letters of credit issued by customers through various financial institutions. The discounting of letters of credit depends on many factors, including the willingness of financial institutions to discount the letters of credit and the cost of such arrangements. We sold $0.4 billion and $0.7 billion of accounts receivable during fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. We did not discount letters of credit issued by customers in fiscal 2024 and 2023. There was no discounting of promissory notes in each of fiscal 2024 and 2023.
Our working capital was $12.8 billion at October 27, 2024 and $11.8 billion at October 29, 2023.
Days sales outstanding of our accounts receivable at the end of fiscal 2024 and 2023 was 68 days and 70 days, respectively. Days sales outstanding varies due to the timing of