the reissue price, this difference is recorded against retained earnings.
Dividends
In December 2024, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend payable in March 2025, in the amount of $
0.40
per share. Dividends paid during the three months ended January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024 totaled $
326
million and $
266
million, respectively. We currently anticipate that cash dividends will continue to be paid on a quarterly basis, although the declaration of any future cash dividend is at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions and other factors, as well as a determination by the Board of Directors that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders.
Share-Based Compensation
We have a stockholder-approved equity plan, the Employee Stock Incentive Plan (ESIP), which permits grants to employees of share-based awards, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance share units and performance units. In addition, the plan provides for the automatic grant of restricted stock units to non-employee directors and permits the grant of share-based awards to non-employee directors and consultants. Share-based awards made under the plan may be subject to accelerated vesting under certain circumstances, including in the event of a change in control. In addition, we have an Omnibus Employees’ Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), which enables eligible employees to purchase our common stock.
During the three months ended January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, we recognized share-based compensation expense related to equity awards and ESPP shares.
The effect of share-based compensation on the results of operations was as follows:
19
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
The cost associated with share-based awards is typically recognized over the awards’ service period for the entire award on a straight-line basis, adjusting for estimated forfeitures. However, in the case of share-based awards granted to certain members of senior management that allow for partial accelerated vesting in the event of a qualifying retirement based on age and years of service, the compensation expense is recognized once the individual meets the conditions for a qualifying retirement. We calculate estimated forfeiture rate on an annual basis, based on historical forfeiture activities. The cost associated with performance-based equity awards, which include performance and/or market goals, is recognized for each tranche over the service period. The cost of the portion of performance-based equity awards subject to performance goals is recognized based on an assessment of the likelihood that the applicable performance goals will be achieved, and the cost of the portion of performance-based equity awards subject to market goals is recognized based on the