acceptance. In certain circumstances we may receive deposits from customers for future deliverables. Our payment terms do not generally contain a significant financing component.
60
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Shipping and Handling Costs
We account for shipping and handling activities related to contracts with customers as costs to fulfill our promise to transfer the associated products. Accordingly, amounts billed for shipping and handling costs are recorded as a component of net revenue and costs as a component of cost of products sold.
Warranty
Our products are generally sold with a warranty for a
12-month
period following installation. Parts and labor are covered under the terms of the warranty agreement. We provide for the estimated cost of warranty when revenue is recognized. Estimated warranty costs are determined by analyzing specific product, current and historical configuration statistics and regional warranty support costs. Our warranty obligation is affected by product and component failure rates, material usage and labor costs incurred in correcting product failures during the warranty period. If actual warranty costs differ substantially from our estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability would be required. Quarterly warranty consumption is generally associated with sales that occurred during the preceding four quarters, and quarterly warranty provisions are generally related to the current quarter’s sales.
We also sell extended warranty contracts to our customers which provide an extension of the standard warranty coverage period of up to
2
years. We receive payment at the inception of the contract and recognizes revenue ratably over the extended warranty coverage period, as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the extended warranty.
Our warranty reserves balances and the components of changes in our warranty reserves were not material for all periods presented.
Sales and Value Added Taxes
Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are presented on a net basis in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Research, Development and Engineering Costs
Research, development and engineering costs are expensed as incurred.
Income Taxes
We recognize a current tax liability for the estimated amount of income tax payable on tax returns for the current fiscal year. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are also recognized for net operating loss and tax credit carryovers. Deferred tax assets are offset by a valuation allowance to the extent it is more likely than not that they are not expected to be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured based on enacted tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the assets are