Factors – Risks Related to Legal, Compliance, and Other Risks –
We are exposed to risks related to legal proceedings, claims and investigations.”
in Part II, Item 1A, “Risk Factors.”
39
Table of Contents
Item 1A:
Risk Factors
The risk factors set forth below include any material changes to, and supersede the description of, the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our most recent Form 10-K. These factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and cause reputational harm, and should be carefully considered in evaluating our business, in addition to other information presented elsewhere in this report.
Business and Industry Risks
The industries we serve can be volatile and difficult to predict.
We are a supplier to the global semiconductor and display and related industries, which historically have been cyclical and are subject to volatility in customer demand. Factors that impact demand for our products and services include technology inflections and advances in fabrication processes, new and emerging technologies and market drivers, such as demand for high-bandwidth memory and other forms of advanced packaging and technologies related to artificial intelligence and data center computing, production capacity relative to demand for semiconductor chips and electronic devices, end-user demand, customers’ capacity utilization, production volumes, access to affordable capital, business and consumer buying patterns and general economic and political conditions. Although artificial intelligence is a relatively new demand driver for semiconductors and semiconductor equipment, it is evolving rapidly and the expected investment cost needed to train and deploy effective artificial intelligence can change significantly. As a result, it is difficult to accurately forecast such demand. Changes in demand can affect the timing and amounts of customer investments in technology and manufacturing equipment and can significantly impact our operating results. The amount and mix of our customers’ capital equipment spending between different products and technologies can also significantly impact our operating results.
To meet rapidly changing demand, we must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage our resources, investments, production capacity, supply chain, workforce, inventory, and other components of our business. We may incur unexpected or additional costs to align our business operations with changes in demand. If we do not effectively manage these challenges, our business performance and operating results may be adversely impacted. Even with effective allocation of resources and management of costs, our gross and operating margins, cash flows and earnings may be adversely impacted during periods of changing demand.
We are exposed to risks associated with an uncertain global economy.
Uncertain or adverse economic and business conditions, including uncertainties and volatility in the