asset group may not be recoverable. The balances of our intangible assets were not material as of October 27, 2024 or October 29, 2023 and amortization expenses were not material for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. We assess the recoverability of the assets by comparing the undiscounted future cash flow expected to result from the use and eventual disposal of the assets to their respective carrying value. If not recoverable, we recognize an impairment loss to the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of those assets, and reduce the carrying value of the assets to their respective fair value. Fair value is determined by available market valuations, when available and appropriate, or by discounted cash flows.
59
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Leases
A contract contains a lease when we have the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. We lease certain facilities, vehicles and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases, many of which include options to renew. Options that are reasonably certain to be exercised are included in the calculation of the right-of-use asset and lease liability. Our finance leases are those that contain a purchase option which we are reasonably certain to exercise at the end of the lease term. Our leases do not contain residual value guarantees or significant restrictions that impact the accounting for leases. As implicit rates are not available for the leases, we use the incremental borrowing rate as of the lease commencement date in order to measure the right-of-use asset and liability. Operating lease expense is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Finance lease expense is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the underlying leased asset.
We elected the practical expedient to account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases. For leases with a term of one year or less, we elected not to record a right-of-use asset or lease liability and to account for the associated lease payments as they become due.
A majority of our lease arrangements are operating leases. The balances of our operating leases right-of-use assets and liabilities were not material as of October 27, 2024 or October 29, 2023. Operating lease cost for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was not material.
Revenue Recognition from Contracts with Customers
We recognize revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. We determine revenue recognition through the following five steps: (1) identification of the contract(s)