advanced semiconductor devices. Our transistor and interconnect products and technologies enable continued power and performance improvements of 3D transistors. Our process control systems employ optical and eBeam technologies that allow customers to inspect and review critical semiconductor architectures throughout the manufacturing process, helping improve chip yields. Our advanced packaging systems use our materials engineering expertise to allow customers to connect multiple chips together through heterogeneous integration, enabling them to advance the technology roadmap beyond a single chip.
Our Semiconductor Systems sales are to customers that serve the following markets: foundry, logic and other; DRAM; flash memory. Foundry, logic, and other is comprised of leading-edge and non-leading edge technology nodes. Leading-edge represents customers that are producing on the most advanced technology nodes. Non-leading edge technology nodes serve markets such as internet of things, communications, automotive, power and sensors.
4
Table of Contents
Applied Global Services
The AGS segment provides services, spares and factory automation software to customer fabrication plants globally. The AGS segment also manufactures and sells 200mm and other equipment, which is shipped to customers globally that serve non-leading-edge markets.
AGS’s transactional and subscription service products, spares and factory automation software is purchased by customers to optimize the performance of our large, global installed base of semiconductor, display and other equipment. These solutions are also used to optimize plant performance and productivity. Customer demand is fulfilled through a global distribution system in more than 200 locations and trained field engineers located near customer sites to support our semiconductor, display and other equipment worldwide.
Display
Display segment is comprised primarily of products for manufacturing liquid crystal displays (LCDs), organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs), and other display technologies for TVs, monitors, laptops, personal computers (PCs), tablets, smartphones, and other consumer-oriented devices. While similarities exist between the technologies utilized in semiconductor and display fabrication, the most significant differences are in the size and composition of the substrate. Substrates used to manufacture display panels and other devices are typically glass, although newer flexible materials are entering the market. Display segment growth depends primarily on consumer demand for increasingly larger and more advanced TVs and high-resolution displays for mobile devices and information technology (IT) products, including laptops, monitors and tablets, as well as new form factors, including thin, light, curved and flexible displays, and new applications such as augmented and virtual reality. In addition to display applications, the segment’s Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD) technology is used to manufacture solar