assigned to multiple reporting units, the goodwill is distributed to the respective reporting units as part of the purchase price allocation process. The value assigned to intangible assets is usually based on estimates and judgments regarding expectations for the success and life cycle of products and technology acquired.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed for impairment annually during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill requires judgment.
When reviewing goodwill for impairment, we first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. In performing a qualitative assessment, we consider business conditions and other factors including, but not limited to (i) adverse industry or economic trends, (ii) restructuring actions and lower projections that may impact future operating results, (iii) sustained decline in share price, and (iv) overall financial performance and other events affecting the reporting units. If we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then a quantitative impairment test is performed by estimating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing it to its carrying value. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we would record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit over its fair value.
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we performed a qualitative assessment to test goodwill for all of our reporting units for impairment. we determined that it was more likely than not that each of our reporting units’ fair values exceeded their respective carrying values and that it was not necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test for any of our reporting units.
No
goodwill impairment was recorded during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Intangible assets with finite lives are presented at cost, net of accumulated amortization, and are amortized over their estimated useful lives of
1
to
15
years using the straight-line method. We evaluate the useful lives of our intangible assets each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances require revising the remaining period of amortization. Intangible assets with infinite lives are not subject to amortization and consist primarily of in-process technology, which will be subject to amortization upon commercialization. If an in-process technology project is abandoned, the acquired technology attributable to the project will be written-off. The carrying values of our intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or