associated financial instrument in the consolidated statement of operations.
The amount recognized due to discontinuance of cash flow hedges that were probable of not occurring by the end of the originally specified time period was not significant for fiscal years 2024, 2023 or 2022.
Foreign currency forward contracts are generally used to hedge certain foreign currency denominated assets or liabilities. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of these hedges are recorded in earnings to offset the changes in the fair value of the assets or liabilities being hedged.
As of October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023, the total outstanding notional amount of foreign exchange contracts was $
2.0
billion and $
1.7
billion, respectively. The fair values of foreign exchange derivative instruments at October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023 were not material.
We are also exposed to interest rate risk associated with our potential future borrowings. During fiscal 2024, we entered into a series of interest rate contracts to hedge against the variability of cash flows due to changes in the benchmark interest rate of fixed rate debt. These instruments were designated as cash flow hedges at inception and were settled in conjunction with the issuance of debt in June 2024.
The gain (loss) on derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships recognized in AOCI for derivatives designated as hedging instruments were not material for fiscal year 2024, 2023 and 2022.
The effects of derivative instruments, both those designated as cash flow hedges and those that are not designated, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations were not material for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Credit Risk Contingent Features
If our credit rating were to fall below investment grade, we would be in violation of credit risk contingent provisions of the derivative instruments discussed above, and certain counterparties to the derivative instruments could request immediate payment on derivative instruments in net liability positions. The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk related contingent features that were in a net liability position was immaterial as of October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023.
Entering into derivative contracts with banks exposes us to credit-related losses in the event of the banks’ nonperformance. However, our exposure is not considered significant.
68
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Note 6
Accounts Receivable, Net
We have agreements with various financial institutions to sell accounts receivable and discount promissory notes from selected customers. We sell our accounts receivable generally without recourse. From time to time, we also discount letters of credit issued by customers through various financial institutions. The discounting of letters of credit depends on many factors, including the willingness of financial institutions to discount the letters of credit and the cost of