customer and product mix and lower material and manufacturing costs.
The Semiconductor Systems segment continued to represent the largest contributor of net revenue. Semiconductor Systems net revenue increased for the three months ended January 26, 2025 compared to the same period in the prior year as customers continued to make strategic investments in new capacity and new technology transitions. Foundry and logic customers’ spending increased for the three months ended January 26, 2025, compared to the same period in the prior year driven primarily by higher customer investments in leading-edge manufacturing technologies. Memory customers’ spending in the first quarter of fiscal 2025 compared to the same period in the prior year was lower due to decreased investments in DRAM technology transitions.
Our AGS net revenue in the three months ended January 26, 2025 increased compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to an increase in net revenue associated with long-term service agreements and customer spending on spares, partially offset by lower customer spending on 200mm equipment.
Our Display net revenue decreased in the three months ended January 26, 2025 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to lower customer investments in display fabrication equipment amid ongoing weakness in end market demand.
28
Table of Contents
Net revenue by geographic region, determined by the location of customers’ facilities to which products were shipped and services were performed, was as follows:
Net revenue increased from customers in Korea and Taiwan in the three months ended January 26, 2025 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to investments in semiconductor equipment and spending on spares and services.
Net revenue decreased from customers in China in the three months ended January 26, 2025 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to lower investments in semiconductor equipment, partially offset by higher customer spending on spares and services.
Net revenue increased from customers in the United States in the three months ended January 26, 2025 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to investments in semiconductor equipment, partially offset by a decrease in investments in 200mm equipment.
The changes in net revenue from customers in all other regions in the three months ended January 26, 2025 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily reflected changes in investment in semiconductor equipment and spending on services.
Operating Expenses
Operating expenses for the periods presented were as follows:
RD&E expenses for the three months ended January 26, 2025 increased compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to additional headcount to support our ongoing investments in product development initiatives, consistent with our growth strategy. We continued to prioritize existing RD&E investments in technical capabilities and critical