applications, and the timing and circumstances of purchasing decisions. Substantial competition exists across all the segments of our business. Competitors range from small companies that compete in a single region, which may benefit from policies and regulations that favor domestic companies, to global, diversified companies, which operate in more complex global economic and regulatory environments. We could see increased competition from domestic equipment manufacturers in China resulting from local government incentives and funding as well as export controls established by the United States government to restrict the sale of certain technologies to customers in China. Export controls enacted by the United States government that restrict the sale of certain technologies to customers in China may also provide an advantage to our international competitors. Our ability to compete requires a high level of investment in RD&E, marketing and sales, and global customer support activities. We believe that many of our products have strong competitive positions.
The competitive environment for each segment is described below.
The semiconductor industry is driven by demand for advanced electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, automotive electronics, storage, and other products. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, the internet of things, 5G networks, smart vehicles and augmented and virtual reality are also creating the next wave of growth for the industry. As a result, products within the Semiconductor Systems segment are subject to significant changes in customer requirements, including transitions to smaller dimensions, increasingly complex chip architectures, new materials and an increasing number of applications. While certain existing technologies may be adapted to new requirements, some applications create the need for an entirely different technological approach. The rapid pace of technological change can quickly diminish the value of current technologies and products and create opportunities for existing and new competitors. Our comprehensive portfolio offers a variety of differentiated products, including co-optimized and integrated materials solutions that enable unique films, structures and devices. We must successfully anticipate technology inflections, and our products must continuously evolve to satisfy customers’ requirements to compete effectively in the marketplace. We allocate resources among our numerous product offerings and therefore may decide not to invest in an individual product depending on market requirements. Competitors serving the semiconductor equipment industry range from companies offering a single product line to others offering multiple product lines, and those that serve a single region to global, diversified companies.
The products and services offered by the AGS segment enhance those of the Semiconductor Systems and