with customers, (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determination of the transaction price, (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, a performance obligation is satisfied.
Identifying the contract(s) with customers.
We sell equipment, services, and spare parts directly to our customers in the semiconductor, display, and related industries. We generally consider written documentation including, but not limited to, signed purchase orders, master agreements, and sales orders as contracts provided that collection is probable. Collectability is assessed based on the customer’s creditworthiness determined by reviewing the customer’s published credit and financial information, historical payment experience, as well as other relevant factors.
Identifying the performance obligations.
Our performance obligations include delivery of equipment, service agreements, spare parts, installation, extended warranty and training. Our service agreements are considered one performance obligation and may include multiple goods and services that we provide to the customer to deliver against a performance metric. Judgment is used to determine whether multiple promised goods or services in a contract should be accounted for separately or as a group.
Determine the transaction price.
The transaction price for our contracts with customers may include fixed and variable consideration. We include variable consideration in the transaction price to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations
. A contract’s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation identified within the contract. We generally estimate the standalone selling price of a distinct performance obligation based on historical cost plus an appropriate margin. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the contract’s transaction price to each performance obligation using the relative standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract.
Recognizing the revenue as performance obligations are satisfied.
We recognize revenue from equipment and spares parts at a point in time when we have satisfied our performance obligation by transferring control of the goods to the customer which typically occurs at shipment or delivery. Revenue from service agreements is recognized over time, typically within 12 months, as customers receive the benefits of services.
The incremental costs to obtain a contract are not material.
Payment Terms.
Payment terms vary by contract. Generally, the majority of payments are due within a certain number of days from shipment of goods or performance of service. The remainder is typically due upon customer technical