assistance.
Employee Learning & Development
We seek to create growth and development opportunities to support an engaged and inclusive workforce. We promote holistic employee learning and development based on the 70/20/10 model--70% on-the-job learning, 20% social/collaborative and 10% formal training, with a focus on advancing technical skills as well as improving general business acumen to address increasing work complexity. Also, to help expand professional breadth, the segments and functions provide technical and job-specific training tied to their disciplines, while general professional, management, and leadership training is provided at the corporate level. All training is coordinated centrally and aligned with common objectives through Applied Global University. In addition to instructor-led and web-based training, we offer state-of-the-art training modalities, such as AI-based simulations and Augmented and Virtual Reality learning capabilities, to further the development of our new products, train our manufacturing and field support employees, and facilitate remote collaboration.
Employee Engagement
We have historically measured employee engagement through surveys to gain insight into employees’ experiences, levels of workplace satisfaction, and key drivers for engagement, inclusion and overall well-being. We plan to conduct an all-employee survey anonymously in fiscal 2025 through an external partner to encourage maximal participation and elicit candid responses. We also plan to benchmark the survey results against a large and standardized data set involving large technology companies globally. We expect that the survey results and the benchmarking data will allow us to better understand enterprise-wide trends, gauge effectiveness of interventions, and define targeted employee populations (e.g., early tenure employees). The survey results are also expected to provide leaders and people managers with actionable insights tailored to their own groups that can further enhance employee engagement and inclusion. These actionable insights will then be integrated with the people strategy process and cadence within the Company.
Additional information regarding our activities related to our people and sustainability, as well as our workforce diversity data, can be found in our latest Sustainability Report, which is located on our website at https://www.appliedmaterials.com/us/en/corporate-responsibility.html. The Sustainability Report is updated annually. This website address is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. None of the information on, or accessible through, our website is part of this Form 10-K or is incorporated by reference herein.
10
Table of Contents
Information about our executive officers
The following table and notes set forth information about our executive officers:
(1)
Mr. Dickerson, age 67, was named President of Applied in June 2012 and appointed Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors in