third parties as required for certain transactions initiated by either us or our subsidiaries. We also have agreements with various banks to facilitate subsidiary banking operations worldwide, including overdraft arrangements, issuance of bank guarantees, and letters of credit. See Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for additional discussion related to our guarantee agreements and arrangements.
Others
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act). The Tax Act requires a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. The transition tax expense is payable in installments over eight years, with eight percent due in each of the first five years starting with fiscal 2018. As of January 26, 2025, we had $459 million of total payments remaining, payable in installments in the next two years.
On August 9, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the U.S. CHIPS and Science Act (“CHIPS Act”). The CHIPS Act creates a 25% investment tax credit for certain investments in domestic semiconductor manufacturing. The credit is provided for qualifying property, which is placed in service after December 31, 2022, for which construction begins before January 1, 2027, and is treated as a government grant. We recognize this investment tax credit when there is reasonable assurance that we will qualify for the credit and the benefit will be received. Investments related to the 25% investment tax credit reduced our income taxes payable by $257 million as of January 26, 2025.
Various countries where we do business have enacted or plan to enact new tax laws to implement the global minimum tax regimes based on the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project, and where enacted, the rules began to be effective in fiscal 2025. The impact of the currently enacted legislation is not expected to be material to our fiscal 2025 financial results. We continue to monitor developments and evaluate impacts, if any, of these rules on our results of operations and cash flows. The adoption and effective dates of these rules vary by country and could increase tax complexity and uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes, in future years.
We have been granted additional conditional reduced tax rates in Singapore that expire beginning in fiscal 2030.
34
Table of Contents
Although cash requirements will fluctuate based on the timing and extent of factors such as those discussed above, our management believes that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash balances and borrowing capability, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements for the next 12 months. For further details regarding our operating, investing and financing activities, see the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows in this report.
35
Table of Contents
Critical Accounting Estimates
The