market value. Since the eligible employees pay full fair market value for the shares, there is no reserved amount of shares under this plan and, accordingly, the table above does not include any set number of shares available for future issuance under the plan.
47
Table of Contents
Item 13:
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this Item will be provided in accordance with Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K no later than February 24, 2025.
Item 14:
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
Our independent registered public accounting firm is
KPMG LLP
,
Santa Clara, California
, Auditor Firm ID:
185
.
The information required by this Item will be provided in accordance with Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K no later than February 24, 2025.
48
Table of Contents
PART IV
Item 15:
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto.
Item 16:
Form 10-K Summary
None.
49
Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
Applied Materials, Inc.:
Opinions on the Consolidated
Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Applied Materials, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended October 27, 2024, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of October 27, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended October 27, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 27, 2024 based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Basis for Opinions
The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal