guarantee agreements beyond that required to appropriately account for the underlying transaction being guaranteed. We do not believe, based on historical experience and information currently available, that it is probable that any amounts will be required to be paid under these guarantee agreements.
80
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
We also have agreements with various banks to facilitate subsidiary banking operations worldwide, including overdraft arrangements, issuance of bank guarantees, and letters of credit. As of October 27, 2024, we have provided parent guarantees to banks for approximately $
292
million to cover these arrangements.
Legal Matters
From time to time, we receive notification from third parties, including customers and suppliers, seeking indemnification, litigation support, payment of money or other actions by us in connection with claims made against them. In addition, from time to time, we receive notification from third parties claiming that we may be or are infringing or misusing their intellectual property or other rights. We also are subject to various legal proceedings, government investigations or inquiries, and claims, both asserted and unasserted, that arise in the ordinary course of business. These matters are subject to uncertainties, and we cannot predict the outcome of these matters, or governmental inquiries or proceedings that may occur. Although the outcome of the above-described matters, claims and proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not believe at this time that any of the above-described matters will have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.
Since 2022, we have received multiple subpoenas from government authorities requesting information relating to certain China customer shipments and export controls compliance, including from the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Commerce Department Bureau of Industry and Security, and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We also have received subpoenas from the U.S. Department of Justice requesting information related to certain federal award applications and information submitted to the federal government. We are cooperating fully with the U.S. government in these matters. We have continued to receive related subpoenas, as well as requests for information, and may in the future receive additional related subpoenas and requests for information from such or other government authorities. Any such matters are subject to uncertainties, and we cannot predict the outcome, nor reasonably estimate a range of loss or penalties, if any, relating to these matters.
Note 14
Industry Segment Operations
Our
three
reportable segments are: Semiconductor Systems, Applied Global Services (AGS), and Display. As defined under the accounting literature, our chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the President and Chief Executive