and consumer electronics. Each of our segments is subject to variable industry conditions, as demand for equipment and services can change depending on supply and demand for chips, display technologies and other electronic devices, as well as other factors, such as global economic, political and market conditions, and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes.
Our strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers’ challenges at technology inflections; expanding our served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries; and growing our service business. Our long-term growth strategy requires continued development of new materials engineering capabilities, including products and platforms that enable expansion into new and adjacent markets. Our significant investments in research, development and engineering (RD&E) are intended to enable us to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. We collaborate closely with our global customers to design systems and processes to meet their technical and production requirements.
Our future operating results depend to a considerable extent on our ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products we provide. Development cycles depend on whether the product is an enhancement of an existing product, which typically has a shorter development cycle, or a new product, which typically has a longer development cycle. Most of our existing products resulted from internal development activities and innovations involving new technologies, materials and processes. In certain instances, we acquire technologies, either in existing or new product areas, to complement our existing technology capabilities and to reduce time to market. Product development and manufacturing activities occur primarily in the United States, Europe, Israel, and Asia. Our portfolio of equipment and service products are highly technical and are sold primarily through a direct sales force.
We believe that it is critical to make substantial investments in RD&E to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of our customers’ most advanced designs. We have and continue to invest in RD&E in order to continue to offer new products and technologies.
We operate in three reportable segments: Semiconductor Systems, Applied Global Services® (AGS), and Display. A summary of financial information for each reportable segment is found in Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. A discussion of factors that could affect our operations is set forth under “Risk Factors” in Part II, Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Our results are driven primarily by customer spending on capital equipment and services to support key