management were granted awards that are subject to the achievement of certain levels of specified performance and market goals, in addition to time-based vesting requirements (Performance Based-Awards). These Performance-Based Awards are subject to the achievement of targeted levels of adjusted operating margin and targeted levels of total shareholder return (TSR) relative to the TSR of the companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. Each of these two metrics will be weighted
50
% and will be measured over a
three-year
period. The number of shares that may vest in full after
three years
ranges from
0
% to
200
% of the target amount. The awards become eligible to vest only if the goals are achieved and will vest only if the grantee remains employed by us through each applicable vesting date, subject to a qualifying retirement based on age and years of service. The awards provide for a partial vesting based on actual performance at the conclusion of the
three-year
performance period in the event of a qualifying retirement.
The fair value of the portion of the Performance-Based Awards subject to targeted levels of relative TSR is estimated on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Compensation expense is recognized based upon the assumption of
100
% achievement of the TSR goal and will not be reversed even if the threshold level of TSR is never achieved, and is reflected over the service period and reduced for estimated forfeitures.
The fair value of the portion of the Performance-Based Awards subject to targeted levels of adjusted operating margin is estimated on the date of grant based on the market value of our common stock, adjusted to exclude the present value of expected dividends during the vesting period. The market value of our common stock is calculated using the closing price of our common stock on the date of the grant or, if the grant date is not a trading date, the average of the closing prices on the trading dates immediately preceding and following the grant date. If the performance goals are not met as of the end of the performance period, no compensation expense is recognized and any previously recognized compensation expense is reversed. The expected cost is based on the portion of the awards that is probable to vest and is reflected over the service period and reduced for estimated forfeitures.
75
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
The following tables summarize the assumptions used for the valuation of share-based awards for the periods presented:
A summary of the changes in restricted stock units, restricted stock, performance share units and performance units outstanding under our equity compensation plans during fiscal 2024 is presented below:
At October 27, 2024,
0.7
million additional performance-based awards could be earned based upon achievement of certain levels of specified performance and/or market goals.
A summary of the weighted-