Officer, who reviews operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire company. Segment information is presented based upon our management organization structure as of October 27, 2024 and the distinctive nature of each segment. Future changes to this internal financial structure may result in changes to our reportable segments.
The Semiconductor Systems reportable segment includes semiconductor capital equipment for etch, rapid thermal processing, deposition, chemical mechanical planarization, metrology and inspection, wafer packaging, and ion implantation.
The AGS segment provides integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, including spares, upgrades, services, 200mm and other equipment and factory automation software for semiconductor, display and other products.
The Display segment includes products for manufacturing liquid crystal displays (LCDs), organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs), equipment upgrades and other display technologies for TVs, monitors, laptops, personal computers, smart phones, other consumer-oriented devices and solar energy cells.
Each operating segment is separately managed and has separate financial results that are reviewed by our chief operating decision-maker. Each reportable segment contains closely related products that are unique to the particular segment. Segment operating income is determined based upon internal performance measures used by our chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker does not evaluate operating segments using total asset information.
We derive the segment results directly from our internal management reporting system. Effective in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, management began including share-based compensation expense in the evaluation of reportable segments' performance. Prior-year numbers have been recast to conform to the current-year presentation. The accounting policies we use to derive reportable segment results are substantially the same as those used for external reporting purposes. Management measures the performance of each reportable segment based upon several metrics including orders, net revenue and operating income. Management uses these results to evaluate the performance of, and to assign resources to, each of the reportable segments.
81
Table of Contents
APPLIED MATERIALS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
The Corporate and Other category includes revenues and costs of products from other products, as well as certain operating expenses that are not allocated to our reportable segments and are managed separately at the corporate level. These operating expenses include costs related to certain management, finance, legal, human resources, and research, development and engineering functions provided at the corporate level; and unabsorbed information technology and occupancy. In addition, we do not allocate to our reportable segments