observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and
•
Level 3 — Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.
In determining the fair value of our debt securities investments, we use pricing information from pricing services that value securities based on quoted market prices and models that utilize observable market inputs. In the event a fair value estimate is unavailable from a pricing service, we generally obtain non-binding price quotes from brokers. In addition, to validate pricing information obtained from pricing services, we periodically perform supplemental analysis on a sample of securities. We review any significant unanticipated differences identified through this analysis to determine the appropriate fair value. As of October 27, 2024, substantially all of our available-for-sale, short-term and long-term investments were recognized at fair value that was determined based upon observable inputs or quoted prices.
Our equity investments with readily determinable values are measured at fair value using quoted prices for identical assets in an active market and the changes in fair value of these equity investments are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with approximate cost determined on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis. We adjust inventory carrying value for estimated obsolescence equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated net realizable value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. We fully write down inventories and noncancelable purchase orders for inventory deemed obsolete. We perform periodic reviews of inventory items to identify excess inventories on hand by comparing on-hand balances to anticipated usage using recent historical activity as well as anticipated or forecasted demand. If estimates of customer demand diminish further or market conditions become less favorable than those projected by us, additional inventory adjustments may be required.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation is provided over the estimated useful lives of the assets using the straight-line method. In connection with our periodic review of estimated useful lives of the property, plant and equipment, we have increased the estimated useful lives of certain assets effective as of the beginning of fiscal 2024. The updated estimated useful lives of certain assets for financial reporting purposes are as follows: buildings and improvements,
3
to
30
years with certain buildings and improvements’ useful lives