denominated monetary assets and liabilities. The foreign exchange gains and losses on the assets and liabilities are recorded in interest and other income (expense), net and are offset by the gains and losses on the hedges.
We use foreign currency forward and option contracts to hedge a portion of anticipated non-U.S. dollar denominated revenues and expenses expected to occur within the next 24 months. Gains and losses on these hedging contracts generally mitigate the effect of currency movements on our net revenue, cost of products sold, and operating expenses. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. Dollar would result in a decrease in the fair value of these hedging contracts of $144 million at January 26, 2025.
We do not use foreign currency forward or option contracts for trading or speculative purposes.
37
Table of Contents
Item 4.
Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report in ensuring that information required to be disclosed was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in such reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, there were no changes in the internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Inherent Limitations of Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events.
38
Table of Contents
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.
Legal Proceedings
The information set forth under “Legal Matters” in Note 12 in Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference. See also
“Risk