currency. Accordingly, assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries are remeasured using exchange rates in effect at the end of the period, except for non-monetary assets, such as inventories and property, plant and equipment, which are remeasured using historical exchange rates. Foreign currency-denominated revenues and costs are remeasured using average exchange rates for the period, except for costs related to the non-monetary assets and liabilities, which are remeasured using historical exchange rates. The resulting remeasurement gains and losses are included in interest and other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as incurred.
Concentrations of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash equivalents, investments, trade accounts receivable and derivative financial instruments used in hedging activities. We invest in a variety of financial instruments, such as, but not limited to, commercial paper, corporate bonds, municipal securities, United States Treasury and agency securities, and asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities, and, by policy, limits the amount of credit exposure with any one financial institution or commercial issuer. We are exposed to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to derivative financial instruments but do not expect any counterparties to fail to meet their obligations. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’ financial condition and generally require no collateral to secure accounts receivable. We maintain an allowance for potentially uncollectible accounts receivable based on our assessment of the collectability of accounts receivable. We regularly review the allowance by considering factors such as historical experience, credit quality, age of the accounts receivable balances, and current economic conditions that may affect a customer’s ability to pay. In addition, we utilize deposits and/or letters of credit to mitigate credit risk when considered appropriate.
Recently Adopted Accounting Standards
Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Revenue Contracts with Customers in a Business Combination.
In October 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued an accounting standard update to improve the accounting for contract assets and contract liabilities from revenue contracts with customers in a business combination (Topic 805). This amendment improves comparability for both the recognition and measurement of acquired revenue contracts with customers at the date of and after a business combination. We adopted this authoritative guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 and the impact of the adoption depends on the facts and circumstances of future acquisitions. During fiscal 2024, the adoption of this guidance had no impact to our consolidated financial statements as there were no acquisitions during the year.
62
Table of Contents