Statements for further discussion related to our borrowing facilities and debt obligations.
Lease Obligations
As of October 27, 2024, our operating lease obligation was $384 million related to
various operating lease arrangements for certain facilities, of which
$96 million
is payable within 12 months and the remaining amount is payable beyond 12 months.
Purchase Obligations
As of October 27, 2024, we had $8.1 billion of purchase obligations for goods and services, of which $4.2 billion is payable within 12 months and the remaining amount is payable beyond 12 months.
Deemed Repatriation Tax Payable
As of October 27, 2024, we had $459 million of transition tax liability, of which $204 million is payable within 12 months and the remaining amount is payable beyond 12 months. This transition tax liability is associated with the deemed repatriation of accumulated foreign earnings as a result of the enactment of the Tax Act.
Other Long-term Liabilities
We also have the obligation to fund our pension, postretirement and deferred compensation plans. We evaluate the need to make contributions to our pension and postretirement benefit plans after considering the funded status of the plans, movements in the discount rate, performance of the plan assets and related tax consequences. Payments to the plans would be dependent on these factors and could vary across a wide range of amounts and time periods. Payments for deferred compensation plans are dependent on activity by participants, making the timing of payments uncertain. As of October 27, 2024, the total of our future expected benefit payments for the pension plans and the postretirement plan over the next ten fiscal years were $214 million, of which $14 million is payable within 12 months and the remaining amount is payable beyond 12 months.
As of October 27, 2024, the gross liability for unrecognized tax benefits that was not expected to result in payment of cash within one year was $521 million. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions that were not expected to result in payment of cash within one year of October 27, 2024 was $181 million. At this time, we are unable to reliably estimate the timing of payments due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
In the ordinary course of business, we provide standby letters of credit or other guarantee instruments to third parties as required for certain transactions initiated by either us or our subsidiaries. These include agreements with various banks to facilitate subsidiary banking operations worldwide, including overdraft arrangements. We also have agreements with various banks to facilitate subsidiary banking operations worldwide, including overdraft arrangements, issuance of bank guarantees, and letters of credit. See Note 13, Guarantees, Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion relating to these arrangements.
42
Table of