reasonable terms, or at all. If we are not able to resolve or settle claims, obtain necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, or successfully prosecute or defend our position, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
Governmental Regulation
As a public company with global operations, we are subject to the laws and regulations of the United States and multiple foreign jurisdictions. These regulations, which differ among jurisdictions, include those related to financial and other disclosures, accounting standards, securities, corporate governance, public procurement and public funding, intellectual property, tax, trade (including import, export and customs), antitrust, cybersecurity, environment (including those related to sustainability and climate), health and safety employment, immigration and travel regulations, human rights, privacy, data protection and localization, and anti-corruption.
See “Risk Factors – Legal, Compliance, and Other Risks – We are exposed to risks related to the global regulatory environment” for further details.
We are regulated under various international laws regarding the purchase and sale of goods and related items, including but not limited to those related to trade policies and export regulations, and limitations on transfer of intellectual property.
See “Risk Factors – Business and Industry Risks – Global trade issues and changes in and uncertainties with respect to trade policies and export regulations, including import and export license requirements, trade sanctions, tariffs and international trade disputes, have adversely impacted and could further adversely impact our business and operations, and reduce the competitiveness of our products relative to local and global competitors” for further details.
With respect to environmental, health and safety regulations, we maintain a number of programs that are primarily preventative in nature and regularly monitor ongoing compliance with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, we have trained personnel to conduct investigations of any environmental, health, or safety incidents, including, but not limited to, spills, releases, or possible contamination.
See also “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Legal, Compliance, and Other Risks – We are subject to risks associated with environmental, health and safety regulations”
for further details.
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes, effective tax rate and financial results could be affected by numerous factors, including changes in applicable tax laws, interpretations of applicable tax laws, amount and composition of pre-tax income in jurisdictions with differing tax rates, and valuation of deferred tax assets. There have been a number of proposed changes in the tax laws that could increase our tax liability.
See
“Risk Factors – Operational and Financial Risks – We operate in