revenue for Semiconductor Systems by market for the periods presented were as follows:
Net revenue in fiscal 2024 increased as compared to the prior year. Gross margin increased primarily driven by lower material, freight, logistics, and manufacturing costs, favorable changes in customer and product mix and lower depreciation expense as a result of changes in certain assets’ useful lives effective as of the beginning of fiscal 2024, partially offset by an increase in labor costs.
Semiconductor Systems net revenue increased in fiscal 2024 as compared to the prior year as customers continued to make strategic investments in new capacity and new technology transitions. Foundry and logic customers’ spending decreased driven primarily by lower customer investments in leading-edge manufacturing technologies, partially offset by increased customer investments in non-leading edge manufacturing technologies. Memory customers’ spending in fiscal 2024 was higher due to increased investments in DRAM technology transitions. Investments by semiconductor equipment customers are expected to remain strong with growth in the adoption of high-bandwidth memory and other forms of advanced packaging, continued demand for AI and data center computing, and for non-leading edge nodes. The Semiconductor Systems segment continued to represent the largest contributor of net revenue.
Our AGS net revenue in fiscal 2024 increased primarily due to an increase in net revenue associated with long-term service agreements and customer spending on spares, partially offset by lower customer spending on 200mm equipment. Demand for services is expected to grow as our installed base of systems and chambers increases and customers renew long-term service agreements.
34
Table of Contents
Our Display net revenue increased in fiscal 2024 compared to the prior year primarily due to higher customer investments in display fabrication equipment for IT products including laptops, monitors and tablets, partially offset by lower customer investments in display fabrication equipment for TVs.
Over the longer term, we believe secular drivers such as AI, data center computing, the internet of things, 5G networks, electric and autonomous vehicles and augmented and virtual reality will create the next wave of growth for semiconductors and expand our served market opportunities.
Net revenue by geographic region, determined by the location of customers’ facilities to which products were shipped and services were performed, was as follows:
Net revenue increased from customers in China in fiscal 2024 primarily due to investments in semiconductor equipment and spending on spares and services, partially offset by a decrease in investments in 200mm equipment. Net revenue decreased from customers in Europe primarily due to lower investments in semiconductor equipment. Net revenue from customers in Taiwan decreased primarily due to lower investments in semiconductor equipment and spares, offset by higher