Display segments, particularly in markets with demanding global service requirements. Competition in the AGS segment includes a diverse group of third-party service providers as well as customers that choose to perform their own service.
To compete effectively, we offer products and services to improve system performance, lower overall cost of ownership, and increase yields and productivity of customers’ fab operations. Significant competitive factors include cost-effectiveness and the level of technical service and support. The importance of these factors varies according to customers’ needs and the type of products or services offered.
Products in the Display segment are generally subject to strong competition from a number of major competitors primarily in Asia. We hold established market positions with our technically-differentiated LCD and OLED manufacturing solutions for PECVD, color filter PVD, PVD array, PVD touch panel, and TFT array testing, although our market position could change quickly due to customers’ evolving requirements. Important factors affecting the competitive position of our Display products include: industry trends, our ability to innovate and develop new products, and the extent to which our products are technically-differentiated, as well as which customers within a highly concentrated customer base are making capital equipment investments and our existing position at these customers.
8
Table of Contents
Patents and Licenses
Protection of our technology assets through enforcement of our intellectual property rights, including patents, is important for our competitive position. Our practice is to file patent applications in the United States and other countries for inventions that we consider significant. We have more than 22,000 active patents in the United States and other countries, and additional applications are pending for new inventions. Although we do not consider our business materially dependent upon any one patent, our rights and the products made and sold under our patents, taken as a whole, are a significant element of our business. In addition to our patents, we possess other intellectual property, including trademarks, know-how, trade secrets, and copyrights.
We enter into patent and technology licensing agreements with other companies when it is determined to be in our best interest. We pay royalties under patent license agreements for the use, in some of our products, of certain patented technologies. We also receive royalties from licenses granted to third parties. Royalties received from or paid to third parties have not been material to our consolidated results of operations.
In the normal course of business, we periodically address the possibility of patent infringement. In responding to such inquiries, it may become necessary or useful for us to obtain or grant licenses or other rights. However, there can be no assurance that such licenses or rights will be available to us on commercially