generic, or they may be custom-crafted against our IT Systems or supply chain. The increased prevalence of remote working arrangements at AMD and our providers present additional operational risks and attack vectors to our IT Systems. Our IT Systems and Confidential Data are vulnerable to a range of cybersecurity risks and threats, including malicious code that is added to widely available open-source software, compromised commercial software or security vulnerabilities in our products or systems, or those of a third party, that are being used by attackers prior to mitigations being put in place, such as zero-day attacks. Cyberattacks have and may come into our IT Systems through the compromise of users’ access credentials. Users’ access credentials can be compromised by phishing, vishing, smishing, multi-factor authentication (MFA) prompt bombing, hacking, or other social engineering, cybersecurity, or theft activities.
23
Table of Contents
Threat actors are also increasingly using tools and techniques that circumvent controls, evade detection, and remove forensic evidence, which means that we and others may be unable to implement adequate preventative measures against, anticipate, detect, deflect, contain or recover from cyberattacks in a timely or effective manner. As AI capabilities improve and are increasingly adopted, we may see more sophisticated threats created through the use of AI technology to launch more automated, targeted and coordinated cyberattacks. These attacks could be crafted with an AI tool to directly attack IT Systems with increased speed and/or efficiency than a human threat actor or create more effective phishing emails. In addition, the threat could be introduced from the result of our or our customers and business partners incorporating the output of an AI tool that includes a threat, such as introducing malicious code by incorporating AI generated source code. Our network and storage applications, as well as those of our customers, business partners, and third-party providers, may be subject to unauthorized access by hackers or breached due to operator error, malfeasance or other system disruptions.
Cyberattacks that breach our security measures, or those of our third-party service providers, customers or business partners, could result in any or all of the following, which individually or collectively could materially adversely affect our financial condition, our competitive position; unauthorized access to, misuse or disclosure of Confidential Data (such as intellectual property, sensitive business information or personally identifiable information (PII)); reputational harm and/or diminution in our competitiveness; loss of existing and/or future customers; litigation and/or regulatory investigations or enforcement; significant remediation, restoration and compliance costs; and the diversion of management’s attention and key information technology resources. In addition, many governments have enacted and are