employees are among the most engaged in our industry.
We conduct an annual survey of our global workforce to measure our culture, engagement, and workplace experience. The results are reviewed by our Board of Directors and acted upon by our senior leadership team. Results from our 2024 survey reported scores that continued to be among the very best for global companies in the technology industry. Our employees described our culture as inclusive, innovative, open, and respectful, and rated the quality of our managers high, and employment engagement is among the top 10% of our high-performing technology industry peers.
Diversity, Belonging and Inclusion (DB&I)
Our diverse and inclusive workforce encourages employees to share their opinions and different perspectives. We believe that building a diverse talent pipeline, encouraging a culture of respect and belonging, and increasing inclusion of unique and underrepresented voices makes our company stronger. Our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), which are open to all our employees, encourage employee engagement and play an important role in our culture. More than 85% of all new hires join at least one of AMD’s ERGs when starting employment. In 2024, we continued to focus on developing our female engineering community through mentoring opportunities and expanding the program, “Advancing Women in Technology,” that aims to support the career development of women in technical careers at AMD.
Total Rewards
We invest in our workforce by offering competitive salaries, incentives, and benefits to ensure that we continue to attract and retain the industry’s best and brightest in an equitable manner. We regularly review our compensation practices, considering factors relevant to ensuring equitable pay such as an employee’s role, experience, skills, and performance. We also benchmark set pay ranges based on relevant market data and our overall workforce. We focus on flexibility and choice in our benefits that resonate with a multi-generational workforce as well as offering inclusive benefits that support our DB&I objectives, such as global parental and bereavement leave, and financial assistance to build a family through adoption or surrogacy. While we believe that there is unique collaboration that can occur when employees meet in person, we embrace flexibility with hybrid and remote work as options for our employees.
We have a strong pay for performance culture that we believe drives superior results. Our employees have benefited from our robust financial results through our strong short-term and long-term incentive programs. Our rewards programs enable us to attract, retain and motivate our workforce.
Development
We offer our employees opportunities to advance their careers at the Company and the majority of our new leaders are promoted from within. We are focused on leadership progression and encourage our employees to take advantage of new opportunities. Our manager and leadership development programs are