Credit Agreement also contains a sustainability-linked pricing component which provides for interest rate and facility fee reductions or increases based on the Company meeting or missing targets related to environmental sustainability, specifically greenhouse gas emissions. The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries. As of December 28, 2024, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.
Commercial Paper
On November 3, 2022, the Company established a commercial paper program, under which the Company may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum principal amount outstanding at any time of $
3
billion with a maturity of up to 397 days from the date of issue. The commercial paper will be sold at a discount from par or, alternatively, will be sold at par and bear interest at rates that will vary based on market conditions at the time of issuance. During 2024 and 2023, the Company did not issue any commercial paper under the program and as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had
no
commercial paper outstanding.
73
Table of Contents
NOTE 9 –
Financial Instruments
Financial Instruments Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
Deferred compensation plan investments are primarily mutual fund investments held in a Rabbi trust established to maintain the Company’s executive deferred compensation plan.
The following is a summary of cash equivalents and short-term investments:
As of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company did not have material available-for-sale debt securities which had been in a continuous unrealized loss position of more than twelve months.
74
Table of Contents
The contractual maturities of investments classified as available-for-sale are as follows:
Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis
As of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had non-marketable securities in privately-held companies of $
468
million and $
155
million, respectively, which are recorded at estimated fair value based on Level 3 inputs.
Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value
The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Company’s long-term debt are as follows:
The estimated fair value of the Company’s long-term debt is based on Level 2 inputs of quoted prices for the Company’s debt and comparable instruments in inactive markets.
The fair value of the Company’s accounts receivable, accounts payable and other short-term obligations approximate their carrying value based on existing terms.
Hedging Transactions and Derivative Financial Instruments
Foreign Currency Forward Contracts Designated as Accounting Hedges
The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge its exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk related to future forecasted transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S.