business. We may not realize the expected benefits from the THATIC JV’s expected future performance, including the receipt of any future milestone payments and any royalties from certain licensed intellectual property. In June 2019, the BIS added certain Chinese entities to the Entity List, including THATIC and the THATIC JV. We are complying with U.S. law pertaining to the Entity List designation.
35
Table of Contents
Furthermore, we invest in both public and private companies to further our strategic objectives and to support certain key business initiatives. We invest in early-stage companies that may still be in the process of developing a strategic direction and may not yet generate revenue. Many of the equity and debt instruments that we invest in are non-marketable and illiquid at the time of our initial investment, and we are not always able to achieve a return. Our ability to realize a return on our investments in private companies typically depends on the company completing a liquidity event, such as a public offering or acquisition. Market conditions and events, particularly in periods with economic uncertainty, inflation, volatile public equity markets or unsettled global market conditions, could cause our investments in public companies to expose us to volatility in our results due to changes in market prices and/or impairments. To the extent any of the companies in which we invest in are not successful, we could recognize an impairment and/or lose all or part of our investment. Our investment portfolio is concentrated in specific sectors. Adverse developments in one or any of these sectors due to regulatory changes, technology disruptions or market downturns could negatively impact the performance of our investment portfolio.
Our ability to complete the acquisition of ZT Systems is subject to closing conditions, including the receipt of consents and approvals from government authorities, which may impose conditions that could adversely affect us or cause the acquisition to not be completed.
Our acquisition of ZT Systems (the Acquisition), which is expected to occur in the first half of 2025, is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of a number of customary conditions as specified in the purchase agreement (the Agreement), including receipt of certain specified required regulatory approvals and the absence of laws or orders restraining the consummation of the Agreement, among others. We cannot assure you that we will receive the necessary regulatory approvals at all or in a timely manner or that closing conditions will be satisfied. Any delay in completing the Acquisition could cause us to not realize, or to be delayed in realizing, some or all of the benefits we expect to achieve from this transaction. Additionally, if the Acquisition is not completed, we may incur significant acquisitions costs that we may be unable to recover, which could negatively affect our business and results of operations. We would be required to pay ZT