related matters. Both advocates and opponents of environmental, social and sustainability matters are increasingly resorting to a range of activism forms, including media campaigns and litigation, to advance their perspectives. To the extent we are subject to such activism or litigation, it may require us to incur costs or otherwise adversely impact our business. Stakeholder groups may find our stated goals to be insufficiently responsive to the implications of issues, and any failure to meet stakeholder expectations may result in loss of customers or in investors selling their shares, which could harm our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
49
Table of Contents
Issues related to the responsible use of AI may result in reputational, competitive and financial harm and liability.
We offer products that include capabilities to support AI deployment and we expect this part of our business to grow. As with many new emerging technologies, AI presents risks and challenges and increasing legal, social and ethical concerns relating to its responsible use that could affect the adoption of AI, and thus our business. Third-party misuse of AI applications, models, or solutions, or ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by us or our customers, could cause harm to individuals or society and impair the public’s acceptance of AI. Moreover, we may be subject to competitive harm, regulatory action and legal liability as a result of new and proposed legislation regulating AI, as well as new applications of existing data protection, privacy and intellectual property and other laws. Such regulations and changes thereto could cause us to incur greater compliance costs, could impact our ability to sell or the ability of our customers and users worldwide to acquire, deploy and use systems that include our AI-related products and services and reduce the number of customers, which could negatively impact our business and financial results. As there continues to be an increasing focus on risks related to AI technologies, there may be an increasing focus on regulatory restrictions that target products and services that enable or facilitate AI and that may negatively impact some of our AI-related products and services. If the AI-related products that we offer have unintended consequences, infringe intellectual property rights or rights of publicity, or are misused by our customers or are otherwise controversial due to their perceived or actual impact on human rights, privacy, cybersecurity, employment or other social, economic or political issues the public’s acceptance of AI may be impaired and this may also result in reputational, competitive and financial harm and liability to our business.
The agreements governing our notes, our guarantee of the Assumed Xilinx Notes, Revolving Credit Agreement and the ZT Systems Credit Agreement impose restrictions on us that may adversely affect our ability to operate our