life of a specific product, the sale price is typically reduced over time. The introduction of new products and enhancements to existing products is necessary to maintain the overall corporate average selling price. If we are unable to introduce new products with sufficiently high sale prices or to increase unit sales volumes capable of offsetting the reductions in the sale prices of existing products over time, our business could be materially adversely affected.
The loss of a significant customer may have a material adverse effect on us.
We depend on a small number of customers for a substantial portion of our business, and we expect that a small number of customers will continue to account for a significant part of our revenue and receivables in the future. If one of our key customers decides to stop buying our products, materially reduces its operations or its demand for our products, or has operations that are materially impaired for a significant period of time such that it is unable to receive or utilize our products, or pay its liabilities, our business would be materially adversely affected.
Economic and market uncertainty may adversely impact our business and operating results.
Uncertain global or regional economic conditions have and may in the future adversely impact our business. Uncertainty in the economic environment or other unfavorable changes in economic conditions, such as inflation, higher interest rates, recession, slowing growth, increased unemployment, tighter credit markets, changes in fiscal monetary or trade policy, or currency fluctuations, may negatively impact consumer confidence and spending causing our customers to stop or postpone purchases. For example, our Embedded segment revenue decreased in 2024 as customers continued to normalize their inventory levels. During challenging economic times, our current or potential future customers may experience cash flow problems and as a result may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase our products. Additionally, if our customers are not successful in generating sufficient revenue or are unable to secure financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable that they owe us. The risk related to our customers potentially defaulting on or delaying payments to us is increased because we expect that a small number of customers will continue to account for a substantial part of our revenue. Any inability of our current or potential future customers to pay us for our products may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. Moreover, our key suppliers may reduce their output or become insolvent, thereby adversely impacting our ability to manufacture our products. Adverse changes in economic conditions could increase costs of memory, equipment, materials or substrates and other supply chain expenses. If we are not able to procure a stable supply of materials on an ongoing basis and at reasonable costs to meet our production requirements, we could