customers consist primarily of PC OEMs, a network of independent distributors and, for chipset products, ODMs that manufacture motherboards.
Our Gaming Segment customers include PC OEMs and independent distributors as well as add-in-board manufacturers (AIBs), independent game console and portable gaming devices manufacturers and contract manufacturers for AMD branded graphics cards.
Our Embedded Segment products are sold to customers in a very wide range of markets such as aerospace and defense, automotive, industrial, vision and healthcare, communications infrastructure, test measurement, emulation and prototyping, audio, video and broadcasting, and data center. For these products, we either sell directly to our customers or through a network of distributors and OEM partners. We are also developing a network of Value Added Resellers (VARs) and Integrated Solution Vendors (ISVs) for our Alveo products.
We work closely with our customers to define product features, performance and timing of new products so that the products we are developing meet our customers’ needs. We also employ application engineers to assist our customers in designing, testing and qualifying system designs that incorporate our products. We believe that our commitment to customer service and design support improves our customers’ time-to-market and fosters relationships that encourage customers to use the next generation of our products.
We also work with our customers to create differentiated products that leverage our CPU, GPU, APU, DPU and FPGA technology. Certain customers pay us non-recurring engineering fees for design and development services and a purchase price for the resulting products.
7
Table of Contents
Original Equipment Manufacturers
We focus on three types of OEM partners: multi-nationals, selected regional accounts and selected global and local system integrators, who target commercial and consumer end customers of all sizes. Large multi-nationals and regional accounts are the core of our OEM partners’ business; however, we are increasingly focused on the VAR channel which resells OEM systems to the mid-market and the small and medium business (SMB) segments. Additionally, we have increased our focus on global system integrators, which resell OEM systems, coupled with their software and services solutions into Enterprise, high performance computing (HPC) and Cloud Service Provider customers. Our OEM customers include numerous foreign and domestic manufacturers of servers and workstations, desktops, notebooks, PC motherboards and game consoles.
Hyperscale Data Centers
Large multi-national public cloud service providers and hyperscale private data centers directly and indirectly purchase a substantial portion of our data center-focused products, including server CPUs, GPU accelerators, DPUs, FPGAs and Adaptive SOCs.
These products are incorporated into servers and other data center appliances sold by OEMs to the hyperscale customers or into custom servers or