future years. Consequently, the semi-custom SoC product revenue expected by us may not be fully realized and our operating results may be adversely affected.
Our products may be subject to security vulnerabilities that could have a material adverse effect on us.
The products that we sell are complex and have been and may in the future be subject to security vulnerabilities that could result in, among other things, the loss, corruption, theft or misuse of confidential data or system performance issues. Our efforts to prevent and address security vulnerabilities may decrease performance, be only partially effective or not successful at all. We may depend on vendors to create mitigations to their technology that we incorporate into our products and they may delay or decline to make such mitigations. We may also depend on third parties, such as customers and end users, to deploy our mitigations alone or as part of their own mitigations, and they may delay, decline or modify the implementation of such mitigations. Our relationships with our customers could be adversely affected as some of our customers may stop purchasing our products, reduce or delay future purchases of our products, or use competing products. Any of these actions by our customers could adversely affect our revenue. We have and may in the future be subject to claims and litigation related to security vulnerabilities. Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities of our products may subject us to adverse publicity, damage to our brand and reputation, and could materially harm our business or results of operations.
IT outages, data loss, data breaches and cyberattacks could disrupt operations and compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information, be costly to remediate or cause significant damage to our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations.
Our business relies on technology hardware, software, cloud services, infrastructure, networks and systems (collectively, IT Systems). We own and manage some IT Systems but also rely on critical third-party IT Systems, products and services. In the ordinary course of business, we and various third-party providers and business partners process and maintain sensitive data, including personal information about workers, customers and others, as well as intellectual property and proprietary or confidential information relating to our business and that of our customers and business partners (collectively, Confidential Data). Maintaining the availability, integrity and security of our IT Systems and Confidential Data is critical to our business and reputation. While we and others have implemented various controls and defenses, AMD and companies like AMD and our vendors and customers have been and are increasingly subject to cybersecurity attacks, risks and threats. Threat factors range in sophistication from individual hackers and insiders to ransom gangs and state-sponsored attackers. Cyber threats may be