of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include those whose fair value measurements are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar valuation techniques, as well as significant management judgment or estimation.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization are provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of two to 15 years for equipment, 34 to 44 years for buildings, and leasehold improvements are measured by the shorter of the remaining terms of the leases or the estimated useful economic lives of the improvements.
62
Table of Contents
Leases
Operating and finance leases are recorded as right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease liabilities on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. ROU assets represent the Company’s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company’s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating and finance lease ROU assets and liabilities are initially recognized based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. In determining the present value of lease payments, the Company uses the implicit interest rate if readily determinable. When the implicit interest rate is not readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate, which is based on its collateralized borrowing capabilities over a similar term of the lease payments. When using the incremental borrowing rate, the Company utilizes the consolidated group incremental borrowing rate. Lease expense for operating lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company has elected the accounting policy to not recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities that arise from short-term (12 months or less) leases for any class of underlying asset. Operating leases are included in operating lease ROU assets, other current liabilities, and long-term operating lease liabilities on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company’s finance leases are immaterial.
Foreign Currency Translation/Transactions
The functional currency of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. Assets and liabilities denominated in non-U.S. dollars have been remeasured into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates for monetary assets and liabilities and historical exchange rates for non-monetary assets and liabilities. Non-U.S. dollar denominated transactions have been remeasured at average exchange rates in effect during each period, except for those cost of sales and expense transactions related to non-monetary balance sheet amounts which have been remeasured at historical exchange rates. The gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are included in earnings.
Marketing and Advertising Expenses
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. In addition, the Company’s marketing and advertising expenses include certain