authorized third-party distributors. From time to time, our products are diverted from our authorized distribution channels and are sold on the “gray market.” Our inability to control gray market activities could result in customer satisfaction issues because any time products are purchased outside our authorized distribution channels there is a risk that our customers are buying counterfeit or substandard products, including products that may have been altered, mishandled or damaged, or are used products represented as new. These substandard gray market products may have higher-than-expected failure rates and as a result, we may face reputational harm or unauthorized warranty claims. Additionally, products acquired on the gray market or through other unauthorized channels are at higher risk of being re-sold to prohibited end-users, misused, and deployed for uses that do not align with AMD’s ethics, values or compliance standards. Gray market products result in shadow inventory that is not visible to us, making it difficult to forecast demand accurately. Also, when gray market products enter the market, we and our distribution channels compete with these heavily discounted gray market products, which adversely affects demand for our products and negatively impacts our margins.
Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.
Climate change may have an adverse impact on our business and the business of our suppliers and customers. Global climate change may result in certain natural disasters and climate-related events occurring with increasing frequency and severity and its physical impact on the major regions where we have operations has the potential to disrupt our business and those of our customers and suppliers. Our headquarters and some of our operations and facilities are located in areas
that are susceptible to earthquakes and tsunamis, wildfires, extreme storms, extreme heat, drought, freezing, tropical cyclones and other natural disasters. Water and energy availability and reliability in the regions where we have facilities and where our suppliers have operations is important to our business. Certain natural disasters, including drought, wildfires, storms, sea-level rise and flooding could disrupt our operations and our suppliers’ or customers’ operations, including by disrupting, the availability of energy or water necessary for the operations of our business or those of our suppliers and customers. Global climate change is also resulting in chronic changes that result in certain natural disasters occurring more frequently or with greater intensity, which could disrupt our operations, or the operations of our third parties. Such disruptions could cause delays in manufacturing or shipping our products, affect our supply chain and may result in the loss of business, and additional costs to maintain or resume operations, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operation. We may also experience contractual