During the year, we successfully launched multiple leadership products and made significant progress executing our AI strategy. One of our priorities in 2024 was to accelerate growth in our Data Center segment. The demand for our Data Center AI accelerator products was very strong led by large hyperscale cloud customers deploying our AMD Instinct MI300X GPU accelerators. During the year, we unveiled an accelerated AMD Instinct accelerator roadmap to deliver an annual cadence of leadership AI solutions. To further expand our high-performance server CPU portfolio, we launched our 5th Gen AMD EPYC™ processors, formerly codenamed “Turin,” built with our latest “Zen 5” core architecture designed to deliver leadership performance and efficiency.
We took a major step in our AI PC roadmap with the launch of AMD Ryzen AI 300 Series processors that combine leadership compute capabilities based on our “Zen 5” architecture and an industry-leading neural processing unit (NPU) powered by our XDNA 2 architecture for next-generation AI PCs. We added to our Ryzen family of desktop CPUs with the Ryzen 9000 series processors for laptop and desktop PCs that deliver leadership performance in gaming, productivity and content creation. In our Gaming segment, we extended our multigenerational partnership with Sony as they introduced the PlayStation® 5 Pro, which features a new AMD semi-custom SoC designed to deliver increases in graphics and ray tracing performance to enable AI-driven upscaling.
We expanded our adaptive computing portfolio with differentiated solutions with the launch of the new Versal™ Series Gen 2 devices, including the new Versal AI Edge Series Gen 2 and Versal Prime Series Gen 2 adaptive SoCs, which bring preprocessing, AI inference, and postprocessing together in a single device for end-to-end acceleration of AI-driven embedded systems.
To execute our AI strategy, we brought together multiple AI teams across AMD to drive development of a comprehensive software ecosystem spanning our full product portfolio. We made several key optimizations and introduced new features in the latest AMD ROCm™ software that increased performance in key generative AI workloads, expanded support and optimization for additional frameworks and libraries, and simplified the overall developer experience. We also made strategic investments to further expand our AI software capabilities with the acquisition of Silo AI Oy (Silo AI), an AI lab based in Finland. The acquisition of Silo AI enables customers to accelerate development and deployment of AI models on AMD hardware. Silo AI has also developed a software stack used to train multiple state-of-the-art large language models (LLMs) on AMD Instinct accelerators that can accelerate the development of highly-performant AMD training solutions.
43
Table of Contents
We also focused on extending our data center infrastructure capabilities by entering into an agreement in August 2024 to acquire ZT Group Int’l, Inc. (ZT Systems), a