and associated software. We focus on designing, with security in mind, new integrated circuits (ICs) with improved performance and performance-per-watt in advanced semiconductor manufacturing processes, the design of logic and interface IP, advanced packaging technologies, and heterogeneous integration technologies. We also focus on software as part of the development of our products, including design automation tools for hardware, embedded software, optimized software tools and libraries that extend the reach of our platforms to software and AI developers. Through our R&D efforts, we were able to introduce a number of new products and enhance our IP core offerings and software.
We also work with industry leaders on process technology, design tools, intellectual property, software and other industry consortia to conduct early-stage R&D. We are also actively contributing to numerous industry open-source software initiatives across a broad range of technologies. We conduct product and system R&D activities for our products in the United States with additional design and development engineering teams located in various countries who undertake specific activities at the direction of our U.S. headquarters.
9
Table of Contents
Manufacturing Arrangements and Assembly and Test Facilities
Third-Party Wafer Foundry Facilities
We utilize Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (TSMC) for the production of wafers for our HPC, FPGA and Adaptive SoC products and GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. (GF), with respect to wafer purchases for our HPC products at the 12 nm and 14 nm technology nodes. Additionally, we utilize TSMC, United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC) and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. for the production of our ICs in the form of programmable logic devices.
Other Third-Party Manufacturers
We outsource board-level graphics product manufacturing to third-party manufacturers.
Assembly, Test, Mark and Packaging Facilities
Wafers for our products are either sorted by the foundry or delivered by the foundry to our assembly, test, mark and packaging (ATMP) partners or subcontractors located in the Asia-Pacific region who package and test our final semiconductor products. We are party to two ATMP joint ventures (collectively, the ATMP JVs) with Tongfu Microelectronics Co., Ltd. The ATMP JVs, Siliconware Precision Industries Ltd. (SPIL) and King Yuan Electronics Company (KYEC) provide ATMP services for our products.
Intellectual Property and Licensing
We rely on contracts and intellectual property rights to protect our products and technologies from unauthorized third-party copying and use. Intellectual property rights include copyrights, patents, patent applications, trademarks, trade secrets and mask work rights. As of December 28, 2024, we had approximately 7,500 patents in the United States and approximately 1,900 patent applications pending in the United States. In certain cases, we have filed corresponding applications in foreign jurisdictions.