business.
The indentures governing our 3.924% Senior Notes due 2032, 4.393% Senior Notes due 2052, 4.212% Senior Notes due 2026 and 4.319% Senior Notes due 2028 contain various covenants that limit our ability to, among other things: create liens on certain assets to secure debt, enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions; and consolidate with, merge into or sell, convey or lease all or substantially all of our assets to any other person.
We unconditionally guarantee, on a senior unsecured basis, Xilinx’s obligations under the Xilinx’s 2.375% Notes due 2030 (the Assumed Xilinx Notes). The supplemental indenture governing the Assumed Xilinx Notes also contain various covenants which limit our ability to, among other things, create certain liens on principal property or the capital stock of certain subsidiaries, enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions with respect to principal property, and consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all our assets, taken as a whole, to another person.
We also have an unsecured revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of $3.0 billion (Revolving Credit Agreement). Our Revolving Credit Agreement contains various covenants which limit our ability to, among other things, incur liens; and consolidate or merge or sell our assets as an entirety or substantially as an entirety (in each case, except for certain customary exceptions). In addition, our Revolving Credit Agreement requires us to maintain a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio at the end of each fiscal quarter. The agreement governing our convertible notes and our Revolving Credit Agreement contains provisions whereby a payment default or acceleration under certain agreements with respect to other material indebtedness would result in cross defaults under our convertible indenture or the Revolving Credit Agreement and allow note holders or the lenders under our Revolving Credit Agreement to declare all amounts outstanding under certain of our indentures or the Revolving Credit Agreement to be immediately due and payable. If the lenders under our Revolving Credit Agreement accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient assets to repay those borrowings.
On March 31, 2025, we completed our acquisition of ZT Group Int’l, Inc. (ZT Systems).
We also provide an unsecured parent guarantee of ZT Systems’ obligations under ZT Systems’ Credit Facility Agreement (the ZT Credit Agreement). The ZT Credit Agreement is an asset-based revolving credit facility in an amount up to approximately $642 million and it contains various covenants which could, among other things, limit our ability to incur liens; negatively impact our debt rating; or, trigger an event of default under our Revolving Credit Agreement.
50
Table of Contents
Also, we enter into sale and factoring arrangements from time to time with respect to certain accounts receivables, which