geographic or business markets in which we have little or no experience; adverse changes in general economic conditions in regions in which we and the acquired companies operate; potential litigation associated with the acquisitions; difficulties in the assimilation of employees and culture; difficulties in managing the expanded operations of a larger and more complex company; and difficulties with integrating and upgrading our and the acquired companies’ financial reporting systems. If we cannot successfully integrate or are delayed in integrating newly acquired businesses, it could result in increased costs, decreases in expected revenues, diversion of management’s time and attention, negatively impact our ability to develop or sell new products and impair our ability to grow our business, which could materially adversely affect our financial conditions and operating results. Even if the businesses we acquire are successfully integrated, the benefits of such transactions may not be realized within the anticipated time frame or at all. To complete an acquisition, we may issue equity securities, which would dilute our stockholders’ ownership and could adversely affect the price of our common stock, and/or incur debt, assume contingent liabilities or have amortization expenses and write-downs of acquired assets, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
Moreover, we may not adequately assess the risks of new business initiatives and subsequent events may arise that alter the risks that were initially considered. Acquisitions, joint ventures and other investments involve significant challenges and risks and could impair our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. Acquisitions or joint ventures may also reduce our cash available for operation and other uses which could harm our business. For example, the majority of our ATMP services are provided by the ATMP JVs, and there is no guarantee that the JVs will be able to fulfill our long-term ATMP requirements. If we are unable to meet customer demand due to fluctuating or late supply from the ATMP JVs, it could result in lost sales and have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not realize the expected benefits from the THATIC JV’s expected future performance, including the receipt of any future milestone payments and any royalties from certain licensed intellectual property. In June 2019, the BIS added certain Chinese entities to the Entity List, including THATIC and the THATIC JV. We are complying with U.S. law pertaining to the Entity List designation.
51
Table of Contents
We invest in both public and private companies to further our strategic objectives and to support certain key business initiatives. We invest in early-stage companies that may still be in the process of developing a strategic direction and may not yet generate revenue. Many of the equity and debt instruments