disputes relating to supply chain delays resulting from climate change related disruptions, which could result in increased litigation and costs.
Data centers depend on access to clean water and reliable energy, thus potential power or water shortages could impair our customers’ ability to expand their data center capacity and consume our products and services, which in turn could adversely impact our ability to generate revenue.
Although we maintain insurance coverage for a variety of property, casualty, and other risks, the types and amounts of insurance we obtain vary depending on coverage, availability and cost. Some of our policies have large deductibles and broad exclusions. Additionally, our insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to pay a claim. Losses not covered by insurance may be large, which could materially harm our results of operations and financial condition.
Our business and the business of our suppliers and customers may also be subject to climate-related regulations, and contract terms, and may be subject to additional regulations and contract terms and lawsuits in the future. New increased regulations regarding carbon taxes, greenhouse gas emissions, fuel or energy taxes and other climate-related risks will likely result in greater costs; for example, as a result of carbon pricing impacts on electrical utilities and/or necessitating that we purchase more renewable energy than otherwise planned. Our supply chain manufacturing suppliers may be exposed to increased costs of doing business should they be affected by new climate-related expectations such as those affecting abatement equipment, renewable energy, and/or alter production processes and materials selections. The additional compliance costs incurred by our suppliers may be passed on to us and result in greater indirect costs to us. These costs and restrictions could materially harm our business and results of operations by increasing our expenses, impacting our reputation if there is actual or perceived non-compliance, or requiring us to alter our operations and products. The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy and the technology industry are unclear but could be severe. Additionally, we are or expect to be subject to various new or proposed climate-related disclosure requirements and we expect to incur costs and resources in order to comply. Failure to accurately comply with such reporting obligations may result in enforcement actions, reputational harm or private litigation that could have a material adverse effect on us.
43
Table of Contents
Legal and Regulatory Risks
Government actions and regulations such as export regulations, tariffs, and trade protection measures may limit our ability to export our products to certain customers.
Evolving U.S. government policy toward semiconductor exports, particularly in the context of national security and foreign policy priorities could adversely affect our business. In October 2023, the Bureau of