Dollar. These contracts generally mature within 24 months and are designated as accounting hedges. As of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the notional value of the Company’s outstanding foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges was $
2.2
billion and $
2.4
billion, respectively. The fair value of these contracts as of December 28, 2024 is recorded within Prepaid expenses and other current assets, Accrued liabilities and Other long-term liabilities of $
6
million, $
60
million and $
11
million, respectively. As of December 30, 2023, the fair value of these contracts was recorded within Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Accrued liabilities of $
24
million and $
18
million, respectively.
Foreign Currency Forward Contracts Not Designated as Accounting Hedges
The Company also enters into foreign currency forward contracts to reduce the short-term effects of foreign currency fluctuations on certain receivables or payables denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. These forward contracts generally mature within 3 months and are not designated as accounting hedges. As of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the notional value of these outstanding contracts was $
642
million and $
568
million, respectively. The fair value of these contracts was not material as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023.
The cash flows associated with derivative instruments as cash flow hedging instruments are classified in the same category within the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows as the cash flows of the related items.
75
Table of Contents
NOTE 10 –
Concentrations of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of investments in time deposits, available-for-sale debt securities, equity investments and trade receivables.
The Company places its investments with high credit quality financial institutions. At the time an investment is made, investments in commercial paper of industrial firms and financial institutions are rated A1, P1, F1 or better. The Company invests in bonds that are rated A, A2 or better and repurchase agreements, each of which have securities of the type and quality listed above as collateral.
The Company believes that concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade receivables are limited because a large number of geographically diverse customers make up the Company’s customer base, thus diluting the trade credit risk. One customer accounted for approximately
24
% and another customer accounted for
16
% of the total consolidated accounts receivable balance as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. However, the Company does not believe the receivable balance from these customers represents a significant credit risk based on past collection experience and review of their current credit quality.
The Company is exposed to credit losses from nonperformance by counterparties on foreign currency