investments in new products and technologies will be successful, will meet our expectations and will not adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. For example, as part of our pervasive AI strategy, we have a portfolio of hardware products and software tools to allow our customers to develop scalable and pervasive AI solutions. We are actively building AI capabilities into our products, but there can be no assurance about the rate and pace of adoption of such product offerings. In our Data Center segment, we offer products that are optimized for generative AI applications and since the fourth quarter of 2023, we have experienced significant demand for our AI accelerators. The demand for such products in part will depend on the extent to which our customers utilize generative AI solutions in a wide variety of applications, and both the near-term and long-term trajectory of such generative AI solutions is unknown. If we fail to develop and timely offer or deploy such products and technologies, keep pace with the product offerings of our competitors, or adapt to unexpected changes in industry standards or disruptive technological innovation, our business could be adversely affected. Additionally,
our efforts in developing new AI technology solutions are inherently risky and may not always succeed.
We may incur significant costs, resources, investments and delays and not achieve a return on investment or capitalize on the opportunities presented by demand for AI solutions. Moreover, while AI adoption is likely to continue and may accelerate, the
long-term trajectory of this technological trend is uncertain.
18
Table of Contents
Delays in developing, qualifying or shipping new products can also cause us to miss our customers’ product design windows or, in some cases, breach contractual obligations. If our customers do not include our products in the initial design of their computer systems or products, they will typically not use our products in their systems or products until at least the next design configuration. The process of being qualified for inclusion in a customer’s system or product can be lengthy and could cause us to further miss a cycle in the demand of end-users, which also could result in a loss of market share and harm our business. We also depend on the success and timing of our customers’ platform launches. If our customers delay their product launches or if our customers do not effectively market their platforms with our products, it could result in a delay in bringing our products to market and cause us to miss a cycle in the demand of end-users, which could materially adversely affect our business. The increasing frequency and complexity of our newly introduced products may result in unanticipated quality or production issues that could result in product delays. In addition, market demand requires that products incorporate new features and performance standards on an industry-wide basis. Over the