Consolidated Financial Statements.
Although there are several other new accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, the Company does not believe any of these accounting pronouncements had or will have a material impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements
.
NOTE 3 –
Supplemental Financial Statement Information
64
Table of Contents
Depreciation expense for 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
454
million, $
441
million and $
439
million, respectively.
Revenue
Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) include amounts received from customers and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods for development services, IP licensing and product revenue. As of December 28, 2024, the aggregate transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations under contracts with an original expected duration of more than one year was $
85
million, of which $
67
million is expected to be recognized in the next
12
months. The revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations does not include amounts which have an original expected duration of one year or less.
Revenue recognized over time associated with custom products and development services accounted for approximately
8
%,
25
% and
24
% of the Company’s revenue in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
NOTE 4 –
Segment Reporting
Management, including the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), who is the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, reviews and assesses operating performance using segment net revenue, consolidated cost of sales and operating expenses and operating income (loss). These performance measures include the allocation of expenses to the reportable segments based on management’s judgment. The CODM is regularly provided segment operating income to assess relative segment performance.
65
Table of Contents
The Company’s four reportable segments are:
•
the Data Center segment, which primarily includes Artificial Intelligence (AI) accelerators, server microprocessors (CPUs), graphics processing units (GPUs), accelerated processing units (APUs), data processing units (DPUs), Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs), Smart Network Interface Cards (SmartNICs) and Adaptive System-on-Chip (SoC) products for data centers;
•
the Client segment, which primarily includes CPUs, APUs, and chipsets for desktops and notebooks;
•
the Gaming segment, which primarily includes discrete GPUs, and semi-custom SoC products and development services; and
•
the Embedded segment, which primarily includes embedded CPUs, GPUs, APUs, FPGAs, System on Modules (SOMs), and Adaptive SoC products.
From time to time, the Company may also sell or license portions of its IP portfolio.
In addition to these reportable segments, the Company has an All Other category, which is not a reportable segment. This category primarily includes certain expenses and credits that are not allocated to any of the reportable segments because the CODM does not