discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including those related to our revenue, inventories, goodwill, long-lived and intangible assets, and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Although actual results have historically been reasonably consistent with management’s expectations, the actual results may differ from these estimates or our estimates may be affected by different assumptions or conditions.
Management believes there have been no significant changes for the three months ended March 29, 2025 to the items that we disclosed as our critical accounting estimates in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2024.
Results of Operations
Beginning with the fiscal year ending December 27, 2025, we combined the Client and Gaming segments into one reportable segment to align with how we manage our business. Each of the Client and Gaming businesses do not qualify as a reportable operating segment, however, we continue to separately disclose revenues for each business. All prior period segment data were retrospectively adjusted.
Our operating results tend to vary seasonally. Historically, our net revenue has been generally higher in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year, although market conditions and product transitions could impact this trend.
23
Table of Contents
The following table provides a summary of net revenue and operating income (loss) by segment:
Data Center
Data Center net revenue of $3.7 billion for the three months ended March 29, 2025 increased by 57%, compared to net revenue of $2.3 billion for the prior year period. The increase was primarily driven by the growth in AMD EPYC CPU and AMD Instinct GPU sales.
Data Center operating income was $932 million for the three months ended March 29, 2025, compared to operating income of $541 million for the prior year period. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by higher revenue, partially offset by higher operating expenses.
Client and Gaming
Client and Gaming net revenue of $2.9 billion for the three months ended March 29, 2025 increased by 28%, compared to net revenue of $2.3 billion for the prior year period. Client revenue was $2.3 billion, up 68% from the prior year period, primarily driven by a