manufacturing facilities and other technology companies.
Nvidia’s dominance in the graphics processing unit market and its aggressive business practices may limit our ability to compete effectively on a level playing field.
Nvidia’s Data Center GPU market share position, significant financial resources, introduction of competitive new products and proprietary software ecosystem have enabled it to market and price its products in a manner to encourage the selection of Nvidia-based systems and to influence customers who do business with us. We may be materially adversely affected by Nvidia’s business practices, including allocation strategies and pricing actions; product mix and introduction schedules; and product bundling strategies. Nvidia’s practices can limit customers’ ability to choose non-Nvidia products, including our products, and in turn, may limit our market share and decrease our margins and profitability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We expect Nvidia to continue to heavily invest substantial resources in research and development, marketing and other technology companies.
The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive and rapidly evolving.
The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive and rapidly evolving. We expect that competition will continue to be intense due to rapid technological changes, new and evolving industry standards, changing customer preferences and requirements, and frequent introductions by our competitors or new competitors of products that may provide better performance/experience or that may include additional features that render our products comparatively less competitive.
In addition, we are entering markets with current and new competitors who may be able to adapt more quickly to customer requirements and emerging technologies. For example, the AI market is subject to rapid technological change, product obsolescence, frequent new product introductions and feature enhancements, changes in end-user requirements and evolving industry trends and legal standards. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to compete successfully against current or new competitors who may have stronger positions in these new markets or superior ability to anticipate customer requirements and emerging industry trends. While we see significant opportunity in AI, we expect intense competition from companies such as Nvidia in the supply of GPUs and other accelerators for the AI market. We may face competition from some of our customers who internally develop the same products as us. Increased adoption of Arm-based semiconductor designs could lead to further growth and development of the Arm ecosystem. We may also face delays or disruptions in research and development efforts, or we may be required to invest significantly greater resources in research and development than anticipated. In addition, the semiconductor industry has seen several mergers and acquisitions over