obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us, and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in our IT environment.
ITEM 2.       PROPERTIES
As of December 28, 2024, we have approximately 6 million square feet of space for research and development, engineering, administrative and warehouse use throughout the world. These facilities include approximately 5 million square feet of leased space and approximately 1 million square feet of owned space. Our headquarters are located in Santa Clara, California, and we have significant operations in Austin, Texas; San Jose, California; Shanghai, China; Markham, Ontario, Canada; Longmont, Colorado; Dublin, Ireland; Singapore; and Bengaluru and Hyderabad, India. We also have a number of regional sales offices located in commercial centers near customers, principally in the United States, Europe, Asia and Latin America.
We currently do not anticipate difficulty in either retaining occupancy of any of our facilities through lease renewals prior to expiration or through month-to-month occupancy or replacing them with equivalent facilities. We believe that our existing facilities are suitable and adequate for our present purposes and that the productive capacity of such facilities is substantially being utilized or we have plans to utilize such capacity.
ITEM 3.       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
For a discussion of our legal proceedings, refer to Note 18
–
Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K).
ITEM 4.       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not Applicable.
40
Table of Contents
PART II
ITEM 5.       MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market (NASDAQ) under the symbol “AMD”. On January 24, 2025, there were 5,028 registered holders of our common stock, and the closing price of our common stock was $122.84
per share as reported on NASDAQ.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
We have an approved stock repurchase program authorizing repurchases of up to $12 billion of our common stock (Repurchase Program). We expect to fund repurchases through cash generated from operations. Our Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any common stock, has no termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The following table provides information relating to our repurchase of common stock during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024:
Equity Award Share Withholding
Shares of common stock withheld as payment of withholding taxes in connection with the vesting or exercise of equity awards are also treated as common stock repurchases. Those withheld shares of common stock are not considered common stock repurchases under an authorized common stock repurchase plan. During fiscal year 2024, we withheld approximately 4.6 million shares at an average price of $154.53 per share