prototyping, audio, video and broadcasting, and data center. Typically, our embedded products are used in applications that require varying levels of performance, where key features may include relatively low power, small form factors, and 24x7 operations. High-performance graphics are important in some embedded systems. Support for Linux
®
, Windows
®
and other operating systems as well as for increasingly sophisticated applications are also critical for some customers. Other requirements may include meeting rigid specifications for industrial temperatures, shock, vibration and reliability. The embedded market has moved from developing proprietary, custom designs to leveraging industry-standard instruction set architectures and processors as a way to help reduce costs and speed time to market.
Embedded Products
Embedded CPUs, APUs and GPUs
.
Our products for embedded platforms include AMD EPYC Embedded CPUs, AMD Ryzen Embedded series processors including V-Series APUs and CPUs and R-Series APUs and CPUs, and Radeon Embedded GPUs.
Our embedded processors and GPUs are designed to support high performance compute, high-bandwidth network connectivity and security, high-performance storage requirements for enterprise and cloud infrastructure, 3D graphics performance and 4K multimedia requirements of automotive infotainment systems.
FPGAs and Adaptive SoCs.
O
ur FPGA products are hardware-customizable devices that can be tailored to meet the specific needs of each customer, enabling them to differentiate their products and accelerate time to market. Our FPGA families include AMD UltraScale+™, UltraScale™ 7 Series, and other older series. Adaptive SoC products include the AMD Zynq™ SoC and Zynq UltraScale+ Multi-Processing System-on-a-Chip (MPSoC), which combine FPGA technology with a heterogeneous processing system, as well as the industry’s first RFSoC architecture with integrated radio frequency (RF) data converters (Zynq UltraScale+ RFSoC). The AMD Versal™ portfolio, composed of software-programmable Adaptive SoCs, is a heterogeneous compute platform that combines a processing system, programmable logic, AI Engines, and digital signal processing (DSP) Engines to achieve dramatic system-level performance improvements over today's fastest FPGA competitors’ solutions and accelerates applications in a wide variety of markets, including aerospace and defense, automotive, industrial, vision and healthcare, communications infrastructure, test measurement, emulation and prototyping, audio, video and broadcasting, and data center.
5
Table of Contents
Development Boards, Kits and Configuration Products.
We offer development kits for all our FPGA and Adaptive SoCs.
These kits include hardware, development tools, IP, and reference designs that streamline and accelerate the development of domain-specific and market-specific applications. Our AMD Kria™ K24 SOM provides high determinism and low latency for powering electric drives and motor controllers used in