commitments to improve our corporate responsibility profile and/or products or to respond to stakeholder expectations, such initiatives or achievement of such commitments may be costly, may not have the desired effect or may impact our reputation with other stakeholders and have a material adverse effect on our business.
For example, we have publicly announced certain corporate responsibility goals spanning multiple topics informed by input from various of our stakeholders, including customers, investors and employees. These goals, which reflect our current plans and aspirations based on known conditions, may change in the future or may not be achieved, as they are subject to various challenges, risks and expectations such as standards, processes, and methodologies that continue to evolve or emerge, and many of these matters are outside our control. Our progress towards some goals receives third-party limited assurance and not reasonable assurance, or may rely on receipt of others’ information and data that may not be subject to either third-party limited or reasonable assurance. Any failure to achieve such goals, failure to achieve these goals within the set timeframe, or in the means expected, or the perception by stakeholders of such failure to achieve these goals may result in reputational or financial harm. Simultaneously, there are efforts by some stakeholders to reduce companies’ efforts on certain environmental, social and sustainability-related matters. Both advocates and opponents of environmental, social and sustainability matters are increasingly resorting to a range of activism forms, including media campaigns and litigation, to advance their perspectives. To the extent we are subject to such activism or litigation, it may require us to incur costs or otherwise adversely impact our business. Stakeholder groups may find our stated goals to be insufficiently responsive to the implications of issues, such as climate change, and any failure to set or achieve corporate responsibility initiatives that meet stakeholder expectations may result in loss of customers or in investors selling their shares, which could harm our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
33
Table of Contents
Issues related to the responsible use of AI may result in reputational, competitive and financial harm and liability.
We offer products that include capabilities to support AI deployment and we expect this part of our business to grow. As with many new emerging technologies, AI presents risks and challenges and increasing legal, social and ethical concerns relating to its responsible use that could affect the adoption of AI, and thus our business. Third-party misuse of AI applications, models, or solutions, or ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by us or our customers, could cause harm to individuals or society and impair the public’s acceptance of AI. Moreover, we may be subject to competitive harm,