and end devices. We believe AMD has the compute engines, intellectual property, software capabilities and expertise to be a leader in this next computing era with a broad, portfolio of high-performance compute engines spanning across supercomputing, cloud, edge, embedded and end devices. We believe we have a unique opportunity to make AMD the end-to-end AI leader based on the breadth of our technology and product portfolios.
Our AI strategy is focused on three priorities. The first is delivering a broad portfolio of high-performance adaptive hardware and software solutions. The second is expanding the deep and collaborative partnerships we have established across the ecosystem to accelerate deployments of AMD based AI solutions at scale. And the third is providing compelling user experiences to extend the open and proven software platform we have established that enables our AI hardware to be deployed more broadly and easily.
One of our priorities in 2024 was to accelerate growth in our Data Center segment. The demand for our data center AI accelerator products was very strong as large hyperscaler customers, OEMs and ODMs deployed our AMD Instinct™ MI300X GPUs. During the year, we announced that we have accelerated our AMD AI accelerator roadmap to deliver an annual cadence of leadership AMD Instinct solutions. We announced our 5th Gen AMD EPYC™ family of server processors, providing leadership performance and capabilities for a wide range of data center workloads.
During the year, we completed the acquisition of Silo AI Oy (Silo AI), an AI lab based in Finland. The acquisition of Silo AI expanded our capability to accelerate development and deployment of AI models on AMD hardware. Silo AI has also developed a software stack used to train multiple state-of-the-art large language models (LLMs) on AMD Instinct accelerators that can accelerate the development of highly-performant AMD training solutions.
2
Table of Contents
We also focused on building our data center AI rack and data center-scale solutions capabilities by entering into an agreement to acquire ZT Group Int’l, Inc. (ZT Systems), a provider of AI and general purpose compute infrastructure for hyperscale computing companies in August 2024. We believe that with the acquisition of ZT Systems, we can deliver leadership training and inferencing solutions that can accelerate time to deployment for our AMD Instinct platforms. The acquisition is expected to close in the first half of fiscal year 2025, subject to certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. We intend to seek a strategic partner to acquire ZT Systems' manufacturing business.
We continued to invest in driving software capabilities and the open ecosystem to deliver powerful new features and capabilities in the AMD ROCm™ open software stack, bringing the latest features to highly-performant AI training and inference on AMD platforms. During the year, we made several key optimizations and additional features