the Repurchase Program for $
749
million. As of March 29, 2025, $
3.9
billion remained available for future stock repurchases under the Repurchase Program. The Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any common stock, has no termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.
18
Table of Contents
Stock-based Compensation
Stock-based compensation expense recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations was as follows:
NOTE 11 –
Income Taxes
The Company determines its income taxes for interim reporting periods by applying the Company’s estimated annual effective tax rate to the year-to-date results, adjusted for tax items discrete to each period.
For the three months ended March 29, 2025, the Company recorded an income tax provision of $
123
million representing an effective tax rate of
14.8
%. The difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21% and the Company's estimated annual effective tax rate was primarily due to the income tax benefit from foreign-derived intangible income (FDII) and research and development (R&D) tax credits, partially offset by the tax rate detriment from foreign earnings.
For the three months ended March 30, 2024, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of $
52
million representing an effective tax rate of (
73.2
)%
.
The difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21% and the Company's estimated annual effective tax rate was primarily due to the income tax benefit from FDII and R&D tax credits, partially offset by the tax rate detriment from foreign earnings. In addition, the tax benefit reflected discrete income tax benefits of $61 million, primarily related to tax effects of stock-based compensation.
As of both March 29, 2025 and December 28, 2024, the Company had long-term income tax liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits of $
1.4
billion
recorded under Other long-term liabilities in the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.
NOTE 12 –
Commitments and Contingencies
Commitments
The Company’s
purchase commitments primarily include obligations to purchase wafers and substrates from third parties, and obligations for future payments related to:
multi-year cloud service provider, software, technology and IP license agreements
. These purchase obligations were made
under noncancellable purchase orders and contractual obligations requiring minimum purchases for which cancellation would lead to significant penalties.
Total future unconditional purchase commitments as of March 29, 2025 were as follows:
On an ongoing basis, the Company works with suppliers and partners on timing of payments and deliveries of purchase commitments, taking into account business conditions.
19
Table of Contents
Contingencies
During the quarterly period ended March 29, 2025, there were no material legal proceedings. The Company is a defendant or plaintiff in various actions that arose in the normal course of business. With respect to these matters,