Act).    Yes
☐
No  ☑
As of June 28, 2024, the aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $
261.4
billion based on the reported closing sale price of $162.21 per share as reported on The NASDAQ Global Select Market (NASDAQ) on June 28, 2024, which was the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter.
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:
1,620,477,962
shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, as of January 30, 2025.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the registrant’s proxy statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (2025 Proxy Statement) are incorporated into Part III hereof. The 2025 Proxy Statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the registrant’s fiscal year ended December 28, 2024.
INDEX
Table of Contents
PART I
ITEM 1.
BUSINESS
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
The statements in this report include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof or as of the dates indicated in the statements and should not be relied upon as predictions of future events, as we cannot assure you that the events or circumstances reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology including “believes,” “expects,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “intends,” “plans,” “pro forma,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” or the negative of these words and phrases, other variations of these words and phrases or comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements relate to, among other things: possible impact of future accounting rules on AMD’s consolidated financial statements; demand for AMD’s products; AMD’s strategy and expected benefits; the growth, change and competitive landscape of the markets in which AMD participates; international sales will continue to be a significant portion of total sales in the foreseeable future; that AMD’s cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investment balances together with the availability under that certain revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Agreement) made available to AMD and certain of its subsidiaries, our commercial paper program, and our cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund AMD’s operations including capital expenditures and purchase commitments
,
and acquisitions over the next 12 months and beyond; AMD’s ability to obtain sufficient external financing on favorable terms, or at all; AMD’s