when gray market products enter the market, we and our distribution channels compete with these heavily discounted gray market products, which adversely affects demand for our products and negatively impacts our margins.
27
Table of Contents
Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.
Climate change may have an adverse impact on our business and the business of our suppliers and customers. Global climate change may result in certain natural disasters and climate-related events occurring with increasing frequency and severity and its physical impact on the major regions where we have operations has the potential to disrupt our business and those of our customers and suppliers. Our headquarters and some of our operations and facilities are located in areas
that are susceptible to earthquakes and tsunamis, wildfires, extreme storms, extreme heat, drought, freezing, tropical cyclones and other natural disasters. Water and energy availability and reliability in the regions where we have facilities and where our suppliers have operations is important to our business. Certain natural disasters, including drought, wildfires, storms, sea-level rise and flooding could disrupt our operations and our suppliers’ or customers’ operations, including by disrupting, the availability of energy or water necessary for the operations of our business or those of our suppliers and customers. Global climate change is also resulting in chronic changes that result in certain natural disasters occurring more frequently or with greater intensity, which could disrupt our operations, or the operations of our third parties. Such disruptions could cause delays in manufacturing or shipping our products, affect our supply chain and may result in the loss of business, and additional costs to maintain or resume operations, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operation. We may also experience contractual disputes relating to supply chain delays resulting from climate change related disruptions, which could result in increased litigation and costs.
Data centers depend on access to clean water and reliable energy, thus potential power or water shortages could impair our customers’ ability to expand their data center capacity and consume our products and services, which in turn could adversely impact our ability to generate revenue.
Although we maintain insurance coverage for a variety of property, casualty, and other risks, the types and amounts of insurance we obtain vary depending on coverage, availability and cost. Some of our policies have large deductibles and broad exclusions. Additionally, our insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to pay a claim. Losses not covered by insurance may be large, which could materially harm our results of operations and financial condition.
Our business and the business of our suppliers and customers may also be subject to climate-related regulations, and contract terms, and may be subject to