sales arrangements. Our agreements typically contain standard terms and conditions covering matters such as payment terms, warranties and indemnities for issues specific to our products.
We generally warrant that our products sold to our customers will conform to our approved specifications and be free from defects in material and workmanship under normal use and conditions for one year. We offer up to three-year limited warranties for certain product types, and sometimes provide other warranty periods based on negotiated terms with certain customers.
We market and sell our latest products under the AMD trademark.
Our product brand for server microprocessors is AMD EPYC™ processors.
Our product brands for data center graphics are AMD Instinct™ accelerators, and Radeon PRO V-series.
Our client product brands for desktop and notebook PCs include: AMD Ryzen™, AMD Ryzen AI™, AMD Ryzen PRO, AMD Ryzen™ Threadripper™, AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO, AMD Athlon™, and AMD PRO A-Series processors.
Our product brand for the consumer graphics market is AMD Radeon™ graphics, and AMD Embedded Radeon graphics is our product brand for the embedded graphics market.
6
Table of Contents
Our product brand for professional graphics products is AMD Radeon PRO graphics.
We also market and sell our chipsets under AMD trademarks.
Our FPGA products are Virtex™-6, Virtex-7, Virtex UltraScale+, Kintex™-7, Kintex UltraScale™, Kintex UltraScale+, Artix™-7, Artix UltraScale+, Spartan™-6, and Spartan-7 brands.
Our product brands for Adaptive SoCs are Zynq-7000, Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC, Zynq UltraScale+ RFSoCs, Versal HBM, Versal Premium, Versal Prime, Versal AI Core, Versal AI Edge, Vitis, and Vivado.
Our product for System-on-Module (SOM) is Kria™ brand.
We also sell low-power versions of our AMD Athlon, as well as AMD Geode™, AMD Ryzen, AMD EPYC,
AMD R-Series and G-Series processors as embedded processor solutions.
Our compute and network acceleration board products are sold under the Alveo™ and Pensando™ brands.
We market our products through direct marketing and co-marketing programs. In addition, we have cooperative advertising and marketing programs with customers and third parties, including market development programs, pursuant to which we may provide product information, training, marketing materials and funds. Under our co-marketing development programs, eligible customers can use market development funds as reimbursement for advertisements and marketing programs related to our products and third-party systems integrating our products, subject to meeting defined criteria.
Customers
Our Data Center Segment customers consist primarily of hyperscale data centers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), original design manufacturers (ODMs), system integrators and independent distributors in both domestic and international markets. ODMs provide design and/or manufacturing services to branded and unbranded private label resellers, OEMs and system builders.
Our Client Segment