or D5, including China. These controls prevent us from shipping certain AMD Instinct™ integrated circuits and certain AMD Versal™ FPGAs to China, or to customers outside of the United States whose ultimate parent is headquartered in a D5 country (including China), without a license. These controls also require us to file a Notified Advanced Computing (NAC) notification with BIS 25 days before shipping certain Versal FPGAs to China, or to customers outside of the United States whose ultimate parent is headquartered in a D5 country (including China). The NAC notification process could result in BIS prohibiting a shipment or requiring a license application before shipping a product that is the subject of a NAC notification. BIS may issue new licensing requirements and regulatory controls in the future. Even new products that fall below the licensing thresholds may not be successful because we have no assurances BIS will agree that the alternative products are not subject to the new licensing requirements or that future regulations will not control the alternative products. A significant trade disruption or the establishment or increase of any tariffs, trade protection measures or restrictions, or retaliatory actions from foreign governments could result in lost sales adversely impacting our reputation and business. There is also a possibility of future tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export regulations or other restrictions imposed on our current and future products, customers, or suppliers by the United States, China or other countries that could have a material adverse effect on our business. New export control restrictions may adversely impact the ability of our research and development teams located outside of the United States from executing our product roadmaps in a timely manner or at all. In addition, deemed export restrictions could further affect our ability to provide services or develop products in the United States.
United States export control regulations include restrictions or prohibitions on the sale or supply of certain AI technologies to United States embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments, persons and entities. If there are changes to those regulations, or to the categorization of our products under those regulations, our ability to sell our products and services outside the United States may be harmed. The United States and its allies continue to focus on export restrictions targeting semiconductors associated with AI, including GPUs and associated products and services. The United States has imposed unilateral controls restricting GPUs and associated products, and in the future is likely to further adopt other unilateral or multilateral controls. The scope and application of such controls have been and may again be very broad, which may prohibit us from exporting or providing access to our products to any or all customers in one or more markets, including but not limited to China, and could negatively