include the Virtex™ and Kintex™, Artix™, and Spartan™ FPGA products, as well as Zynq™, Zynq MPSoC, and Versal™ Adaptive SoC products. Our Alveo™ accelerator cards provide a
platform for accelerating multiple data center workloads at the edge or the cloud.
Networking Products.
Our Pensando™ DPUs and comprehensive networking software stack offload data center infrastructure services from the host CPU, are used by large Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) cloud providers to accelerate workload performance for hosted virtualized and bare-metal offerings.
The AMD Solarflare™ portfolio offers a comprehensive low latency networking solution that combines hardware adapters with the Onload™ family of user space networking libraries. AMD Solarflare products are the preferred networking solution for capital markets, enabling customers to develop a wide range of high-performance applications across the entire trading ecosystem.
Client Segment
Client Market
Our CPUs and APUs power PCs that have become an integral part of how customers work, learn and play.
Client Products
Desktop CPUs.
Our CPUs and APUs for desktop platforms currently include the AMD Ryzen and AMD Ryzen Threadripper™ processors. We launched the Ryzen 9000 series processors featuring “Zen 5” cores, along with X3D models featuring 2nd generation AMD 3D V-Cache™ technology for leadership gaming performance. Our 7000-series Ryzen desktop processors also feature models which include our 1
st
generation AMD 3D V-Cache technology. Our latest AMD Ryzen G-Series processors integrate advanced graphics.
Notebook CPUs.
Our AMD Ryzen mobile processors offer a leadership combination of performance, battery life, and immersive visual experiences for PCs. We released AMD Ryzen AI 300 Series processors featuring a NPU for next-generation AI PCs featuring our latest “Zen 5” architecture in 2024. Our AMD Ryzen 8000 Series mobile processors, built on the “Zen 4” feature our first generation NPU, and AMD Ryzen 6000 and 5000 Series mobile processors, which are powered by both our “Zen 2” and “Zen 3+” core architectures, address mainstream consumer and commercial markets. Our AMD Ryzen Z1 Series deliver immersive experiences for handheld gaming systems.
Commercial CPUs.
The AMD PRO solutions include mobile laptops, desktops and workstations for large enterprise, mid-market and the small and medium business (SMB) customers. Our AMD PRO technology solution offers enterprise-class security features manageability, reliability and extended image stability, for commercial client PCs. We launched our AMD Ryzen AI PRO 300 series, bringing world-class security and manageability and leadership productivity, battery life, and AI capabilities to business notebooks and mobile workstations. Our commitment to high performance leadership continued with the launch of AMD Ryzen PRO 200 Series mobile processors that expand our commercial CPU portfolio to enable PCs spanning a range of price points. The AMD Ryzen PRO 8000G series