hardware designed by or for these customers and manufactured by ODMs or contract manufacturers.
Hyperscale data centers use these products to operate web-based applications or to support public cloud computing and storage service offerings, including but not limited to AI workloads such as generative AI models.
Third-Party Distributors
Our authorized channel distributors resell to sub-distributors, OEMs, ODMs, and other customers. Typically, distributors handle a wide variety of products, and may include products from other manufacturers that compete with our products. Distributors typically maintain an inventory of our products. In most instances, our agreements with distributors protect their inventory of our products against price reductions and provide certain return rights with respect to any product that we have removed from our price book or otherwise subject to discontinuation. In addition, some agreements with our distributors may contain standard stock rotation provisions permitting limited product returns.
Add-in-Board (AIB) Manufacturers and System Integrators
We offer component-level graphics and chipset products to AIB manufacturers who in turn build and sell board-level products using our technology to system integrators (SIs), retailers and sub distributors. In most instances, our agreements with AIBs protect their inventory of our products against price reductions. We also sell directly to some SI customers. SIs typically sell from positions of regional or product-based strength in the market. They usually operate on short design cycles and can respond quickly with new technologies. SIs often use discrete graphics solutions as a means to differentiate their products and add value to their customers.
Competition
The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive and delivering the latest and best products to market on a timely basis is critical to achieving revenue growth. We believe that the main factors that determine our product competitiveness are total cost of ownership, timely product introductions, product quality, product features and capabilities (including accelerations for key workloads such as AI), energy efficiency (including power consumption and battery life, given their impact on total cost of ownership), reliability, performance, size (or form factor), selling price, cost, adherence to industry standards (and the creation of open industry standards), level of integration, software and hardware compatibility, ease of use and functionality of software design tools, completeness of applicable software solutions, security and stability, brand recognition and availability. We expect that competition will continue to be intense due to rapid technological changes, frequent product introductions by our competitors or new competitors of products that may provide better performance or experiences or that may include additional features that render our products comparatively less competitive.
8
Table of