country’s or region’s political or economic conditions; changes in tax laws, trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements and restrictions; imposition of new and increased tariffs; worsening trade relationship between the United States and China (or other countries); volatile global economic conditions, including downturns or recessions in which some competitors may become more aggressive in their pricing practices; difficulties in protecting our intellectual property; difficulties in managing staffing and exposure to different employment practices and labor laws; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; restrictions on transfers of funds and other assets of our subsidiaries between jurisdictions; changes in freight rates; changes to macroeconomic conditions, including interest rates, inflation and recession; transportation restrictions or disruptions; loss or modification of exemptions for taxes and tariffs; and compliance with U.S. laws and regulations related to international operations, including export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Changes in the public perception of the U.S. government in the regions where we operate or plan to operate could also negatively impact our business and results of operations. Recently, the United States and other countries and coalitions have issued sanctions and revisions to export control and other regulations against Russia, Belarus, and the DNR and LNR regions of Ukraine, due to the conflict in Ukraine. The Ukraine-Russia and Israel-Hamas conflicts could escalate and expand, which in turn could have negative impacts on the global economy and financial markets. Also, in addition to restrictions imposed by the United States or China on exports or imports from one another, geopolitical changes between China and Taiwan could disrupt the operations of our Taiwan-based third-party wafer foundries, manufacturing facilities and subcontractors, and materially adversely affect delivery of products and our business, financial condition and/or operating results.
In addition, our worldwide operations (or those of our business partners) could be subject to natural disasters and climate change such as earthquakes, tsunamis, flooding, tropical cyclones, droughts, fires, sea-level rise, extreme heat and volcanic eruptions that disrupt our operations, or those of our manufacturers, vendors or customers. For example, our California operations are located near major earthquake fault lines. In April 2024, Taiwan experienced an earthquake where our third-party wafer foundries are located. We also have operations and employees in regions that have experienced extreme weather such as prolonged heat waves, wildfires and freezing. Extreme weather events and natural disasters can also disrupt the ability of our suppliers to deliver expected manufacturing parts and/or services for periods of time. In addition, certain natural disasters, including