tabletop exercises;
•
cybersecurity awareness training of our employees, incident response personnel and senior management;
•
a cybersecurity incident response plan that includes procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents; and
•
a third-party cyber risk management process for vendors including, among other things, a security assessment and contracting program for vendors based on their risk profile.
39
Table of Contents
At this time, we have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. We face certain ongoing risks from cybersecurity threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.
See “Risk Factors - IT outages, data loss, data breaches and cyberattacks could disrupt operations and compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information, be costly to remediate or cause significant damage to our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations.”
Cybersecurity Governance
Our Board considers cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function and has delegated to the Audit and Finance Committee (Committee) oversight of cybersecurity and other information technology risks. The Committee oversees management’s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program.
The Committee receives quarterly reports from management on our cybersecurity risks. In addition, management updates the Committee, as necessary, regarding any significant cybersecurity incidents.
The Committee reports to the full Board regarding its activities, including those related to cybersecurity. The full Board also receives a briefing from management on our cyber risk management program at least annually. Board members receive presentations on cybersecurity matters from our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), information security team or external experts as part of the Board’s continuing education on topics that impact public companies. The CISO reports to the Chief Information Officer (CIO).
Our CISO has primary responsibility for our overall cybersecurity risk management program, and directly supervises both our internal cybersecurity personnel and any retained external cybersecurity consultants. Our CISO has over 19 years of experience in cybersecurity including security operations, security architecture, identity and access management, cloud security, vulnerability management, and application/product security, policy, and compliance.
Our CISO is informed about and monitors the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which may include, among other things, briefings with internal security personnel, threat intelligence and other information