sustainability laws and requirements that may impact how we and our suppliers and customers conduct and report on our business by requiring the disclosure and tracking of greenhouse gas emissions, climate change-related risks and other sustainability matters. As corporate responsibility reporting and disclosure requirements continue to evolve, we may incur additional compliance costs and indirect compliance costs that our customers and suppliers may pass on to us. Emerging legal and regulatory requirements in the various jurisdictions in which we operate, can be unpredictable, are subject to change, and may be difficult for us to comply with given the complexity of our supply chain and our outsourced manufacturing. As a result, we may be required to modify our business or supply chain in ways that are costly or less efficient. For example, the state of California has passed reporting requirements that will require corporations to report on climate data and risks, and these laws include data assurance requirements that entail third-party verifications. Our failure to comply, or the appearance of our failure to comply, with these legal and regulatory requirements can result in regulatory penalties, fines and legal liabilities, increase costs, and harm our reputation – any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. While we have engaged, and may continue to engage, in voluntary initiatives (such as voluntary disclosures, certifications, goals, or targets, among others) or commitments to improve our corporate responsibility profile and/or products or to respond to stakeholder expectations, such initiatives or achievement of such commitments may be costly, may not have the desired effect or may impact our reputation with other stakeholders and have a material adverse effect on our business.
For example, we have publicly announced certain corporate responsibility goals spanning multiple topics informed by input from various of our stakeholders, including customers, investors and employees. These goals, which reflect our current plans and aspirations based on known conditions, may change in the future or may not be achieved, as they are subject to various challenges, risks and expectations such as standards, processes, and methodologies that continue to evolve or emerge, and many of these matters are outside our control. Our progress towards some goals receives third-party limited assurance and not reasonable assurance, or may rely on receipt of others’ information and data that may not be subject to either third-party limited or reasonable assurance. Any failure to achieve such goals, failure to achieve these goals within the set timeframe, or the perception by stakeholders of such failure to achieve these goals may result in reputational or financial harm.
Simultaneously, there are efforts by some stakeholders to reduce companies’ efforts on certain environmental, social and sustainability-