desktops offer an integrated AI desktop solution for enterprises, and our AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO CPU enables leadership performance for premium workstations.
Chipsets.
We offer a full suite of chipset products to support our AMD Ryzen and AMD Threadripper platforms, for entry level through professional workstation desktop systems.
Gaming Segment
Graphics Market
Graphics processing is a fundamental component across many of our products. Our customers generally use our graphics solutions to enable immersive visualization and to process AI/ML based workloads. We develop our graphics products for use in various computing devices and entertainment platforms, including data centers, desktop PCs, notebook PCs, handheld devices, All-in-Ones, and professional workstations. In addition, we leverage our core IP, including graphics and processing technologies, to develop semi-custom solutions deeply co-engineered with our customers which has enabled many of today’s leading gaming consoles and handheld gaming products.
4
Table of Contents
Semi-Custom Products.
Our semi-custom products are tailored, high-performance, customer-specific solutions based on CPU, GPU and multi-media technologies. We work closely with our customers to define solutions to precisely match the requirements of the device or application. AMD semi-custom SoC products power the Sony PlayStation
®
5, the Microsoft
®
Xbox Series S™ and X™ game consoles, as well as the Valve Steam Deck PC. In 2024, Sony launched the PlayStation 5 Pro with additional graphics performance and AI capabilities compared to the original PlayStation 5.
Discrete Desktop and Notebook GPUs
.
Our AMD Radeon discrete GPU processors for desktop and notebook PCs support current generation application programming interfaces (APIs) like DirectX® 12 Ultimate and Vulkan
®
, support high-refresh rate displays and include the latest technologies for immersive gaming experiences and high-performance AI/ML computing. Our current Radeon RX 7000 Series graphics, based on the AMD RDNA™ 3 architecture, deliver high performance for the latest gaming and creation workloads. All of our graphics products are supported by the AMD Software: Adrenalin Edition™ application that is regularly enhanced to provide the latest in performance, features, and stability.
Professional GPUs.
Our AMD Radeon PRO family of professional graphics products are designed for integration in desktop workstations, optimized through hardware and software for demanding use cases such as 3D rendering, design and manufacturing for Computer-Aided Design (CAD), and media and entertainment for broadcast and animation pipelines on high resolution displays.
Embedded Segment
The Embedded Market
The Embedded segment primarily includes embedded CPUs, GPUs, APUs, FPGAs, and Adaptive SoC products. Embedded products address computing needs in aerospace and defense, automotive, industrial, vision and healthcare, communications infrastructure, test measurement, emulation and