certain products and services in certain jurisdictions if we are unable to comply with them. We expect that the legal and regulatory environment relating to emerging technologies such as AI will continue to develop and could increase the cost of doing business, and create compliance risks and potential liability, all which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Governments are also considering the new issues in intellectual property law that AI creates, which could result in different intellectual property rights in technology we create with AI and development processes and procedures and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
32
Table of Contents
Evolving expectations from governments, investors, customers and other stakeholders regarding corporate responsibility matters could result in additional costs, harm to our reputation and a loss of customers.
There are evolving expectations from governments, investors, customers and other stakeholders regarding corporate responsibility matters including those involving the environment and climate, energy and water consumption, diversity and inclusion, human rights and cybersecurity. Additionally, we are and expect to continue to be subject to various new and proposed climate-related and sustainability laws and requirements that may impact how we and our suppliers and customers conduct business or report on business by requiring the disclosure and tracking of greenhouse gas emissions, climate change-related risks and other sustainability matters related to our business. As the nature, scope and complexity of corporate responsibility reporting and disclosure requirements continue to evolve, we may incur additional compliance costs and indirect compliance costs from our customers and, suppliers that are passed on to us. In addition, certain corporate responsibility laws and regulations may require us to modify our business or supply chain in ways that are costly or less efficient. Emerging legal and regulatory requirements in the various jurisdictions in which we operate, can be unpredictable, are subject to change, and may be difficult for us to comply with given the complexity of our supply chain and our outsourced manufacturing. For example, the state of California has passed reporting requirements that will require corporations to report on climate data and these laws include data assurance requirements that entail third-party verifications. Our failure to comply, or the appearance of our failure to comply, with these legal and regulatory requirements can result in regulatory penalties, fines and legal liabilities, increase costs, and harm our reputation – any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. While we have engaged, and in the future may continue to engage, in voluntary initiatives (such as voluntary disclosures, certifications, goals, or targets, among others) or