transactions involving entities or end uses associated with the development or proliferation of AI capabilities. The rule, if implemented as currently drafted on its May 15, 2025 compliance date, may limit our ability to engage in certain business transactions, require new export licenses, delay shipments, or necessitate changes in our compliance processes and product designs to ensure regulatory compliance. Additionally, the rule introduces uncertainty as we evaluate whether specific products, technologies, or software fall within the scope of the new restrictions, and whether BIS will grant licenses in a timely matter or at all. Compliance with the AI Diffusion Rule could result in increased costs, disruption of key customer and supplier relationships, loss of competitive positioning in international markets or reputational harm.
The implementation or increase of any tariffs, trade protection measures or restrictions, or retaliatory actions from foreign governments could result in lost sales and adversely impact our reputation and business. The U.S. government has instituted or proposed changes in trade policies that include higher tariffs on imports into the U.S. and other government regulations affecting trade between the United States and other countries where we conduct our business. Such changes to U.S. trade policy have the potential to adversely impact the U.S. economy or sectors thereof and could significantly impact our business, in particular the import of products used in our business that are manufactured outside the U.S. Any retaliatory actions by affected countries and foreign governments could result in tariffs, trade protection measures or other restrictions imposed on our current and future products. Moreover, our customers’ costs of doing business may increase or their sales may be negatively affected. As such, customer demand for our products may decline, which could adversely impact our ability to generate revenue and potentially result in inventory impairment changes. For example, data centers require hardware infrastructure that may increase in costs for our customers due to tariffs, and thus our customers may delay or halt investments in AI infrastructure. Further, to the extent that the United States, China or other countries seek to promote products that are produced domestically or reduce the dependence upon products from another country, they may implement regulations or policies that may negatively affect our business.
44
Table of Contents
The United States and other countries’ export control regulations continue to focus on targeting semiconductors associated with AI, including GPUs and associated products and services, by restricting or prohibiting their unlicensed sale or supply to U.S. embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments, persons and entities. The United States has imposed unilateral controls restricting GPUs and associated products, and in the future is likely to further adopt other unilateral or