and development than anticipated. In addition, the semiconductor industry has seen several mergers and acquisitions over the last number of years. Further consolidation could adversely impact our business due to there being fewer suppliers, customers and partners in the industry.
16
Table of Contents
We believe that the main factors that determine our product competitiveness are total cost of ownership, timely product introductions, product quality, product features and capabilities (including accelerations for key workloads such as AI, energy efficiency (including power consumption and battery life, given their impact on total cost of ownership), reliability, performance, size (or form factor), selling price, cost, adherence to industry standards (and the creation of open industry standards), level of integration, software and hardware compatibility, ease of use and functionality of software design tools, completeness of applicable software solutions, security and stability, brand recognition and availability. If competitors introduce competitive new products into the market before us, demand for our products could be adversely impacted and our business could be adversely affected. Further, our competitors have significant marketing and sales resources which could increase the competitive environment in a declining market or during challenging economic times, leading to lower prices and a reduction in our margins. To the extent our competitors introduce competitive new products and technologies into the market before we do, or introduce products and technologies that provide better performance/experience or at better prices, our products and technologies may be comparatively less competitive and our competitive position may weaken, which could adversely harm our business and results of operations.
From time to time, governments provide incentives or make other investments that could benefit and give a competitive advantage to our competitors. For example, the United States government enacted the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors for America and Science Act (CHIPS Act) of 2022 to provide financial incentives to the U.S. semiconductor industry. Government incentives, including the CHIPS Act, may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If our competitors can benefit from such government incentives and we cannot, it could strengthen our competitors’ relative position and have a material adverse effect on our business.
The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns that have materially adversely affected, and may continue to materially adversely affect, our business in the future.
The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced significant downturns, often in conjunction with constant and rapid technological change, wide fluctuations in supply and demand, continuous new product introductions, price erosion and declines in general economic conditions. We have