consolidated interest coverage ratio at the end of each fiscal quarter. The agreement governing our convertible notes and our Revolving Credit Agreement contains provisions whereby a payment default or acceleration under certain agreements with respect to other material indebtedness would result in cross defaults under our convertible indenture or the Revolving Credit Agreement and allow note holders or the lenders under our Revolving Credit Agreement to declare all amounts outstanding under certain of our indentures or the Revolving Credit Agreement to be immediately due and payable. If the lenders under our Revolving Credit Agreement accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient assets to repay those borrowings.
Also, we enter into sale and factoring arrangements from time to time with respect to certain accounts receivables, which arrangements are non-recourse to us in the event that an account debtor fails to pay for credit-related reasons and are not included in our indebtedness. We could become obligated to repurchase such accounts receivables or otherwise incur liability to the counterparties under these arrangements under certain circumstances, such as where a commercial dispute arises between us and an account debtor.
34
Table of Contents
Merger, Acquisition, Divestiture, and Integration Risks
Acquisitions, joint ventures, and/or strategic investments, and the failure to integrate acquired businesses, may fail to materialize their anticipated benefits and could disrupt our business, which could adversely affect our results of operation and financial condition.
We have acquired and invested in businesses, and may continue to do so, that offer products, services and technologies that we believe will help expand our product offerings and services and grow our business in response to changing technologies, customer demands and competitive pressures. Acquisitions and joint ventures include numerous risks including, but not limited to: our inability to identify suitable opportunities in a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us; failure to complete a transaction in a timely manner, or at all; inability to obtain, or delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals or IP disputes or other litigation; difficulty in obtaining financing on terms acceptable to us or at all; and failure of a transaction to advance our business strategy or other unforeseen factors. For example, in August 2024, we completed our acquisition of Silo AI Oy (Silo AI), and we entered into an agreement to acquire ZT Group Int’l, Inc. (ZT Systems), which is currently expected to close in the first half of 2025, subject to certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. Our ability to realize any of the anticipated benefits from an acquisition depends on us successfully integrating the acquired business into our business. Any acquisitions we may undertake, including Silo AI and ZT Systems, involve certain integration