unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported as a separate component on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income until realized. Fair value is determined based on quoted market rates when observable or utilizing data points that are observable. Securities with an amortized cost basis in excess of estimated fair value are assessed to determine what amount of the excess, if any, is caused by expected credit losses. Expected credit losses on securities are recognized in other income (expense) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, and any remaining unrealized losses, net of tax, are included in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), in Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity. The Company uses the first-in, first-out method as basis of the cost of securities sold.
Strategic Non-marketable Equity Securities.
The Company’s investments in non-marketable securities of privately-held companies are held for long-term strategic purposes and are accounted for under the measurement alternative, defined as cost, less impairments, adjusted for subsequent observable price changes and are periodically assessed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that a decline in value may have occurred. The Company's periodic assessment of impairment is made by considering available evidence, including the investee’s general market and industry conditions and product development status. The Company also assesses the investee’s ability to meet business milestones, its financial condition, and near-term prospects, including the rate at which the investee is using its cash, the investee’s need for possible additional funding at a lower valuation and any bona fide offer to purchase the investee.
Fair Value Measurements
The Company’s financial instruments are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, except for non-marketable equity investments in privately-held companies, which are generally accounted for under the measurement alternative.
Fair Value Hierarchy
The fair value framework requires the categorization of assets and liabilities into three levels based upon the assumptions (inputs) used to price the assets or liabilities. The guidance for fair value measurements requires that assets and liabilities carried at fair value be classified and disclosed in one of the following categories:
Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 — Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.
Level 3 — Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the measurement