adversely affected. The success of our semi-custom SoC products in our Client and Gaming segment is dependent on securing customers for our semi-custom design pipeline and consumer market conditions, including the success of game console systems and next generation consoles for Sony and Microsoft. Our Embedded segment primarily includes embedded CPUs and GPUs, APUs, FPGAs and Adaptive SoC products some of which are subject to macroeconomic trends and volatile business conditions. To the extent our embedded customers are faced with higher inventory levels, they may choose to draw down their existing inventory and order less of our products. For example, our Embedded segment revenue decreased in 2024 as customers continued to normalize their inventory levels.
The success of our business depends on our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting and coinciding with significant industry transitions.
Our success depends to a significant extent on the development, qualification, implementation and acceptance of new product designs and improvements that provide value to our customers. Our ability to identify industry changes, and adapt our strategy to develop, qualify and distribute, and have manufactured, new products and related technologies to meet evolving industry trends and requirements, at prices acceptable to our customers and on a timely basis, are significant factors in determining our competitiveness in our target markets. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet the evolving needs of industry changes or that our efforts to execute our product roadmap will result in innovative products and technologies that provide value to our customers. If we fail to or are delayed in identifying, developing, qualifying or shipping new products or technologies that provide value to our customers and address these new trends, or if we fail to predict which new form factors, product features preferences or requirements consumers will adopt and adapt our business accordingly, we may lose competitive positioning, which could cause us to lose market share and require us to discount the selling prices of our products. Although we make substantial investments in research and development, we cannot be certain that we will be able to develop, obtain or successfully implement new products and technologies on a timely basis or that they will be well-received by our customers. Moreover, our investments in new products and technologies involve certain risks and uncertainties and could disrupt our ongoing business. New investments may not generate sufficient revenue, may incur unanticipated liabilities and may divert our limited resources and distract management from our current operations. We cannot be certain that our ongoing investments in new products and technologies will be successful, will meet our expectations and will not adversely affect our reputation,