settlement agreements.
12
Table of Contents
To address anticipated future remediation costs under the orders, we have computed and recorded an estimated environmental liability of approximately $5.5 million and have not recorded any potential insurance recoveries in determining the estimated costs of the cleanup. The progress of future remediation efforts cannot be predicted with certainty and these costs may change. We believe that any amount in addition to what has already been accrued would not be material.
Additional Information
AMD was incorporated under the laws of Delaware on May 1, 1969 and became a publicly held company in 1972. Our common stock is currently listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market (NASDAQ) under the symbol “AMD”. Our mailing address and executive offices are located at 2485 Augustine Drive, Santa Clara, California 95054, and our telephone number is (408) 749-4000. For financial information about geographic areas and for segment information with respect to revenues and operating results, refer to the information set forth in Note 4 of our consolidated financial statements. We use a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December. References in this report to 2024, 2023 and 2022 refer to the fiscal year unless explicitly stated otherwise.
AMD, the AMD Arrow logo, 3D V-Cache, AMD Athlon, AMD CDNA, AMD FidelityFX, AMD FirePro, AMD FreeSync, AMD Instinct, AMD RDNA, Alveo, Artix, CoolRunner, EPYC, Geode, Infinity Fabric, Kinex, Kria, Opteron, Pensando, Radeon, ROCm, Ryzen, Spartan, Threadripper, UltraScale, UltraScale+, Versal, Virtex, Vitis, Vivado, XDNA, Xilinx, Zynq and combinations thereof are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Microsoft, Windows, DirectX and Xbox One are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Linux is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the United States and/or other countries. PlayStation is a registered trademark of Sony Interactive Entertainment, Inc. Arm is a registered trademark of Arm Limited (or its subsidiaries) in the United States and/or other countries. Vulkan and the Vulkan logo are registered trademarks of Khronos Group Inc. Steam Deck and the Steam Deck logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Valve Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
Other names are for informational purposes only and are used to identify companies and products and may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Website Access to Our SEC Filings and Corporate Governance Documents
On the Investor Relations pages of our website, http://ir.amd.com, we post links to our filings with the SEC, our Principles of Corporate Governance, our Code of Ethics for our executive officers, all other senior finance executives and certain representatives from legal and internal audit, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and persons performing similar functions, our