subsidiaries.
Overview
AMD is the high performance and adaptive computing leader, powering the products and services that help solve the world’s most important challenges. Our technologies advance the future of data centers, powering the cloud services that have become an essential part of how we work, game, and connect to network, PCs, edge computing, and artificial intelligence (AI). We drive innovation through high-performance and adaptive computing technology, software and product leadership.
With our high-performance product portfolios, we deliver differentiated solutions, such as our semi-custom System-on-Chip (SoCs), Adaptive SoCs, and accelerated processing units (APUs), and platform level client computing devices, embedded platforms and servers for our customers. We offer a deep portfolio of data center computing solutions including AI accelerators, microprocessors (CPUs), graphic processing units (GPUs), data processing units (DPUs), Smart Network Interface Cards (SmartNICs), and field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs), to meet the vast computing performance requirements of today’s data centers, supercomputers, AI and Machine Learning (ML) data center environments and cloud environments. We drive innovation with our line-up of CPUs, APUs and chipsets for desktops and notebooks, to bring performance, efficiency, AI capabilities and modern security features to gamers, creators, consumers and enterprises. AMD was the first company to integrate a dedicated neural processing unit (NPU) on the same SoC as an x86 CPU for AI PCs. Our GPUs, including discrete GPUs, semi-custom SoC products and development services, work together with software to power immersive gaming experiences for PCs, game consoles and cloud gaming services. We are a leader in embedded computing, where we deliver high-performance and scalability across a full portfolio of CPUs, APUs, FPGAs, system on modules (SOMs) and Adaptive SoCs that are used in a variety of markets, including automotive, industrial, healthcare, storage and networking. We also incorporate dedicated AI processing capabilities into our embedded portfolio.
We develop world-class software stacks that are used to enable our high-performance products. Our software stacks include development tools, compilers, and drivers for our CPUs, APUs, GPUs and FPGAs. We work closely with our customers to define and develop customized solutions to precisely match their requirements. We enable this by combining our broad portfolio of high-performance IP with our leadership design and packaging to deliver world-class customized solutions to our customers. We invest in innovative technology and solutions such as our custom-ready chiplet platform and AMD Infinity Architecture to maintain our leadership position as a custom-design silicon provider of choice.
Our Strategy
We believe that AI is defining the next era of computing and that the full potential of AI will be realized when the technology is pervasive across cloud, edge