statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The Company measures deferred tax assets and liabilities using tax rates applicable to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled and provides a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets when it cannot conclude that it is more likely than not that some or all deferred tax assets will be realized. The assessment requires significant judgment and is performed in each of the applicable taxing jurisdictions. In addition, the Company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that they will be sustained, based on the technical merits of the positions, on examination by the jurisdictional tax authority. Interest and penalties related to income taxes are recorded within the Income tax provision (benefit) line in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company is subject to the Global Intangible Low Taxed Income (GILTI) tax in the U.S. and recognizes deferred taxes for temporary basis differences that are expected to reverse as GILTI tax in future years.
Recently Issued Accounting Standard Updates Adopted
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) 2023-07 Segment Reporting (Topic 280) Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures to enhance disclosures about significant segment expenses. This ASU is effective for the Company’s fiscal year 2024 and interim periods in fiscal year 2025. The Company adopted this standard in the fourth quarter of 2024. See Note 4 - Segment Reporting for further information.
Recently Issued Accounting Standard Updates Not Yet Adopted
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09 Income Taxes (Topic 740) Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures that requires disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, prescribes standard categories for the components of the effective tax rate reconciliation, and modifies other income tax-related disclosures. This ASU is effective for the Company’s fiscal year 2025. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating income tax disclosures related to its annual report for fiscal year 2025.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03 Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses. The new guidance is intended to provide investors enhanced disclosures and requires public companies to disaggregate key expense types. The update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The disclosure updates are required to be applied prospectively with the option for retrospective application. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its