highly rated, and we provide specialized development programs for our employees as well as educational assistance in the form of tuition reimbursement for eligible employees to continue their university education or achieve advanced certifications.
We have an enterprise-wide mentoring program where
employees have the opportunity to learn from experienced colleagues, develop new skills, and build their professional networks. The program also supports effective onboarding, helping new hires more quickly acclimate to our company culture and work processes. We believe that our mentoring program is a valuable investment in our workforce, and we are committed to its ongoing success.
11
Table of Contents
Employee Voice
At AMD, we value the importance of employee voice and actively engage in efforts to ensure that our employees' opinions and perspectives are heard and considered. Our employee voice strategy includes an annual AMDer Survey (engagement survey). Our scores rank AMD in the top 10% of high-tech firms on similar questions, categories and overall score. Additionally, we measure effectiveness across all elements of the employee lifecycle, including onboarding, exit, and regularly seek out employee feedback on areas including benefits and total rewards satisfaction. Further, our executive team holds frequent employee roundtables, town halls and global team meetings with question-and-answer segments which facilitate open communication and feedback from our workforce.
Government Regulations
Our global operations are subject to various United States and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those relating to export control, customs, intellectual property, data privacy and security, climate, environmental, health and safety requirements, cybersecurity, tax, employment, competition and anti-trust, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, conflict minerals, corporate governance, financial and other disclosures, and AI. Compliance with these governmental laws and regulations do not presently have a material adverse impact on our capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position. However, compliance with changes to existing or new regulations may have a material adverse impact on our future capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position. In addition, the failure to comply with government laws and regulations may subject us to consequences including fines, limits on our ability to sell our products, suspension of certain of our business activities, reputational damage, criminal and civil liabilities, and sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on our
capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position.
For additional information about government regulations applicable to our business, and their potential impacts see Risk Factors in Item 1A.
Environmental Regulations
Our operations and properties are subject to various United States and foreign laws and regulations, including