noncancellable purchase orders and contractual obligations requiring minimum purchases or for which cancellation would lead to significant penalties.
Total future unconditional purchase commitments as of December 28, 2024 were as follows:
On an ongoing basis, the Company works with suppliers on the timing of payments and deliveries of purchase commitments, taking into account business conditions.
Warranties and Indemnities
The Company generally warrants that its products sold to its customers will conform to its approved specifications and be free from defects in material and workmanship under normal use and conditions for one year. The Company may also offer, in general, one to three-year limited warranties based on product type and negotiated warranty terms with certain customers. The Company accrues warranty costs to Cost of sales at the time of sale of warranted products.
Changes in the Company’s estimated liability for product warranty during 2024 and 2023 are as follows:
In addition to product warranties, the Company from time to time in its normal course of business indemnifies other parties with whom it enters into contractual relationships, including customers, lessors and parties to other transactions with the Company, with respect to certain matters. In these limited matters, the Company has agreed to hold certain third parties harmless against specific types of claims or losses such as those arising from a breach of representations or covenants, third-party claims that the Company’s products when used for their intended purpose(s) and under specific conditions infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party, or other specified claims made against the indemnified party. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount of liability under these indemnification obligations due to the unique facts and circumstances that are likely to be involved in each particular claim and indemnification provision. Historically, payments made by the Company under these obligations have not been material. In addition, the impact from changes in estimates for pre-existing warranties has been immaterial.
NOTE 18 –
Contingencies
Litigation and Other Legal Matters
As of December 28, 2024, there were no material legal proceedings.
85
Table of Contents
The Company is a defendant or plaintiff in various actions that arose in the normal course of business. With respect to these matters, based on management’s current knowledge, the Company believes that the amount or range of reasonably possible loss, if any, will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
86
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Advanced Micro Devices,