compute-intensive DSP applications at the edge. Coupled with our Kria KD240 Drives Starter Kit, an out-of-the-box-ready motor control-based development platform, the products offer a seamless path to production deployment.
Legacy Product Families.
We offer prior generation high-end Virtex™ and low-end Spartan™ FPGA families as well as the original Virtex and Spartan families. Our prior generations of Complex Programmable Logic Devices (CPLD) include the CoolRunner™ and XC9500 product families. CPLDs are single-chip, nonvolatile solutions characterized by instant-on and universal interconnect and operate on the lowest end of the programmable logic density spectrum.
Design Platforms and Services
Adaptable Platforms.
We offer two types of platforms that support our customers' designs and reduce their development efforts: FPGAs and Adaptive SoCs. FPGAs feature reconfigurable hardware as well as integrated memory, DSP, analog mixed signal, high-speed serial transceivers, and networking cores coupled with advanced software for a broad range of applications in all of our end markets. Our Adaptive SoCs feature a heterogeneous processing system with integrated programmable hardware fabric targeting embedded systems that need real-time control, analytics, sensor fusion, and adaptable hardware for differentiation and acceleration. Our Zynq UltraScale+ RFSoCs feature integrated high-performance RF data converters targeting wireless, radar, and cable access applications. Enabled by both hardware and software design tools and an extensive operating system, middleware, software stack, and IP ecosystem, Adaptive SoCs target software developers as well as traditional hardware designers. Our Versal portfolio combines a processing system, programmable logic, AI Engines, and DSP Engines with leading-edge memory and interfacing technologies to deliver powerful heterogeneous acceleration for any application. This product portfolio is ideally suited to accelerate a broad set of applications in the emerging era of big data and AI.
Software Development Platform.
Our AMD Vivado™ Design Suite provides hardware design teams with the tools and methodology needed to program FPGAs and Adaptive SoCs. Our Vitis™ unified software platform enables the development and deployment of embedded software and accelerated applications, on our FPGAs and Adaptive SoCs. Our Vitis AI unified software platform enables the development and deployment of AI software on our FPGAs and Adaptive SoCs.
Sales and Marketing
We sell our products through our direct sales force and through independent distributors and sales representatives in both domestic and international markets. Our sales arrangements generally operate on the basis of product forecasts provided by the particular customer, but do not typically include any commitment or requirement for minimum product purchases. We primarily use product quotes, purchase orders, sales order acknowledgments and contractual agreements as evidence of our