provider of AI and general purpose compute infrastructure for hyperscale computing companies. We believe that with the acquisition of ZT Systems, we can accelerate time to market for our leadership AI training and inferencing solutions. The acquisition is expected to close in the first half of fiscal year 2025, subject to certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. We intend to seek a strategic partner to acquire ZT Systems' manufacturing business.
Gross margin, as a percentage of net revenue, was 49% for 2024, compared to 46% in 2023. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to a favorable shift in revenue mix with higher Data Center and Client revenues, lower Gaming revenue, partially offset by the impact of lower Embedded revenue. Operating income for 2024 was $1.9 billion compared to operating income of $401 million for 2023. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by higher revenue, partially offset by increased R&D investments. Net income for 2024 was $1.6 billion compared to $854 million in the prior year. The increase in net income was primarily driven by higher revenue.
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of December 28, 2024 were $5.1 billion, compared to $5.8 billion at the end of 2023. Our aggregate principal amount of total debt as of December 28, 2024 was $1.8 billion, compared to $2.5 billion
as of December 30, 2023. We repaid our 2.95% Senior Notes due 2024 with a principal amount of $750 million in June 2024.
During the twelve months ended December 28, 2024, we returned a total of $862 million to shareholders through the repurchase of 5.9 million shares of common stock under our stock repurchase program. As of December 28, 2024, $4.7 billion remained available for future stock repurchases under this program. The stock repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any common stock, has no termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.
We intend the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations that follows to provide information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from period to period, the primary factors that resulted in those changes, and how certain accounting principles, policies and estimates affect our financial statements.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts in our Consolidated Financial Statements. We evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis, including those related to our revenue, inventories, goodwill, long-lived and intangible assets, and income taxes. We base our estimates on