that we invest in are non-marketable and illiquid at the time of our initial investment, and we are not always able to achieve a return. Our ability to realize a return on our investments in private companies typically depends on the company completing a liquidity event, such as a public offering or acquisition. Market conditions and events, particularly in periods with economic uncertainty, inflation, volatile public equity markets or unsettled global market conditions, could cause our investments in public companies to expose us to volatility in our results due to changes in market prices and/or impairments. To the extent any of the companies in which we invest in are not successful, we could recognize an impairment and/or lose all or part of our investment. Our investment portfolio is concentrated in specific sectors and adverse developments in one or any of these sectors due to regulatory changes, technology disruptions or market downturns could negatively impact the performance of our investment portfolio.
We are seeking a strategic partner to acquire ZT Systems’ manufacturing business, but we may not be able to sell the business on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we are able to sell the ZT Systems’ manufacturing business, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of this transaction.
We are seeking a strategic partner to acquire ZT Systems' manufacturing business, but we may not be able to sell the ZT Systems’ manufacturing business on a timely basis, on acceptable terms or at all. Even if we are able to sell the ZT Systems' manufacturing business, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of this transaction. Divestitures involve certain risks and uncertainties such as: inability to find potential buyers on favorable terms; failure to receive regulatory or governmental approvals, or delay in receiving such approvals; restrictions due to regulatory or governmental approval, litigation, contractual terms, or other conditions; changes in market conditions or geopolitical conditions affecting the regions or industries in which we or our counterparties operate; distraction of management; failure to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities and employees to the buyer; continued financial obligations and unanticipated liabilities; and closing delays. Any one of these factors could delay the achievement of our strategic objectives or cause us to incur additional transaction expenses. Moreover, there may be delays during the pendency of the sale and any such delays may impact or restrict our ability to pursue other business opportunities or strategic transactions.
Any impairment of our tangible, definite-lived intangible or indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill, may adversely impact our financial position and results of operations.
We account for certain acquisitions, including the Xilinx, Inc. (Xilinx), Pensando Systems Inc. (Pensando) and Silo AI acquisitions, using the acquisition method