value, a goodwill impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
Long-Lived and Intangible Assets
Long-lived and intangible assets to be held and used are reviewed for impairment if indicators of potential impairment exist and at least annually for indefinite-lived intangible assets. Impairment indicators are reviewed on a quarterly basis. Assets are grouped and evaluated for impairment at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows.
When indicators of impairment exist and assets are held for use, the Company estimates future undiscounted cash flows attributable to the related asset groups. In the event such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the recorded value of the assets, the assets are written down to their estimated fair values based on the expected discounted future cash flows attributable to the asset group or based on appraisals. Factors affecting impairment of assets held for use include the ability of the specific assets to generate separately identifiable positive cash flows.
When assets are removed from operations and held for sale, the Company estimates impairment losses as the excess of the carrying value of the assets over their fair value. Market conditions are among the factors affecting impairment of assets held for sale. Changes in any of these factors could necessitate impairment recognition in future periods for assets held for use or assets held for sale.
Cash Equivalents
Cash equivalents consist of financial instruments that are readily convertible into cash and have original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase.
Accounts Receivable
Accounts receivable are primarily comprised of trade receivables presented net of rebates, price protection and an allowance for credit loss. The Company manages its exposure to customer credit risk through credit limits, credit lines, ongoing monitoring procedures and credit approvals. While the Company maintains an allowance for customer credit losses, its accounts receivable write-offs have historically not been significant.
61
Table of Contents
Unbilled Receivables
Unbilled receivables are recorded within Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Unbilled receivables primarily represent work completed on development services and on custom products under non-cancellable purchase orders that have no alternative use to the Company at contract inception, recognized as revenue but not yet invoiced to customers.
Investments
Available-for-Sale Debt Securities.
Investments in marketable debt securities are available for use in current operations, including those with maturity dates beyond one year, and are classified within current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Available-for-sale debt securities are recorded at fair value, with the change in