Contents
Competition in Data Center Segment
In the Data Center segment, we compete primarily against Intel Corporation (Intel) and NVIDIA Corporation (NVIDIA) with our CPU, GPU and DPU server products. In addition, we compete against Intel with our FPGA and Adaptive SoC server products. A variety of smaller fabless silicon companies offer proprietary accelerator solutions and Arm based CPUs targeting data center use-cases. In addition, some of our customers are internally developing their own data center microprocessor products and accelerator products which could impact the available market for our products.
Competition in Client Segment
Our primary competitor in the supply of CPUs and APUs is Intel.
A variety of companies provide or have developed Arm-based microprocessors and platforms which could lead to further adoption of Arm-based PC solutions.
Competition in Gaming Segment
In the graphics market, our principal competitor in the supply of discrete graphics is NVIDIA, who is the discrete GPU market share leader, and Intel, who manufactures and sells integrated graphics processors and gaming-focused discrete GPUs. With respect to integrated graphics, higher unit shipments of our APUs and Intel’s integrated graphics may drive computer manufacturers to reduce the number of systems they build paired with discrete graphics components, particularly for notebooks, because they may offer satisfactory graphics performance for most mainstream PC users at a lower cost. We are the market share leader in semi-custom game console products, where graphics performance is critical.
Competition in Embedded Segment
We expect continued competition from our primary FPGA competitors such as Intel, Lattice Semiconductor Corporation and Microsemi Corporation, and from ASSP vendors such as Broadcom Corporation, Marvell Technology Group, Ltd., Analog Devices, Texas Instruments Incorporated and NXP Semiconductors N.V., and from Qualcomm Incorporated and NVIDIA. In addition, we expect continued competition from the ASIC market, which has been ongoing since the inception of FPGAs. Intel is our main competitor for embedded CPUs. Other competitors include manufacturers of high-density programmable logic products characterized by FPGA-type architectures; high-volume and low-cost FPGAs as programmable replacements for ASICs and ASSPs; ASICs and ASSPs with incremental amounts of embedded programmable logic; high-speed, low-density CPLDs; high-performance DSP devices; products with embedded processors; products with embedded multi-gigabit transceivers; discrete general-purpose GPUs targeting data center and automotive applications; and other new or emerging programmable logic products
.
Research and Development
We focus our research and development (R&D) activities on designing and developing products. Our main area of focus is on delivering the next generation of processors (CPU and GPU), FPGAs and Adaptive SoCs, accelerators (adaptive, graphics and DPU), SOMs and SmartNICs