downs of inventory and an adverse effect on gross margins. Our customers may also experience a shortage of, or delay in receiving certain components to build their products, which in turn may affect the demand for or the timing of our products. Recently, the U.S. government implemented a new license requirement for the export of certain semiconductor products to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and D5 countries, or to companies headquartered in or with an ultimate parent located in such countries. This restriction impacts our AMD Instinct™ MI308 product. We expect to apply for licenses, there is no assurance that licenses will be granted in a timely fashion or at all by the U.S. government. We expect that the restriction may result in charges of approximately $800 million in inventory and related reserves. As such, our revenues and results of operation could be negatively affected.
39
Table of Contents
Excess or obsolete inventory have resulted in, and may in the future result in, write-downs of the value of our inventory. Factors that may result in excess or obsolete inventory, a reduction in the average selling price, or a reduction in our gross margin include: a sudden or significant decrease in demand for our products; a production or design defect in our products; a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements; a failure to accurately estimate customer demand for our products, including for our older products as our new products are introduced; or our competitors introducing new products or taking aggressive pricing actions.
Our ability to design and introduce new products in a timely manner includes the use of third-party intellectual property.
In the design and development of new and enhanced products, we rely on third-party intellectual property such as development and testing tools for software and hardware. Furthermore, certain product features may rely on intellectual property acquired from third parties that we incorporate into our software or hardware. The design requirements necessary to meet customer demand for more features and greater functionality from semiconductor products may exceed the capabilities of the third-party intellectual property or development or testing tools available to us. If the third-party intellectual property that we use becomes unavailable, is not available with required functionality or performance in the time frame, manufacturing technology, or price point needed for our new products or fails to produce designs that meet customer demands, or laws are adopted that affect our use of third party intellectual property in certain regions or products, our business could be materially adversely affected.
We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, software, memory and other computer platform components to support our business and products.
We depend on third-party companies for the design,