Industry and Security (BIS) of the United States Department of Commerce issued requirements for certain advanced computing items that apply to the export of products classified ECCN 3A090 or 4A090 to a party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent headquartered in, any of Country Groups D1, D4 or D5, including China (a D5 Country). These controls prevent us from shipping certain AMD Instinct™ integrated circuits and certain AMD Versal™ FPGAs to China, or to customers outside of the United States whose ultimate parent is headquartered in a D5 Country, without a license. These controls also require us to file a Notified Advanced Computing (NAC) notification with BIS 25 days before shipping certain Versal FPGAs to China, or to customers outside of the United States whose ultimate parent is headquartered in a D5 Country. The NAC notification process could result in BIS prohibiting a shipment or requiring a license application before shipping a product that is the subject of a NAC notification. BIS may issue new licensing requirements and regulatory controls in the future. Even new products that fall below the licensing thresholds may not be successful because we have no assurances BIS will agree that the alternative products are not subject to the new licensing requirements or that future regulations will not control the alternative products. The U.S. export restrictions on semiconductors and semiconductor technology to China and Chinese customers negatively impact our ability to sell to customers in China and make it easier for our China-based competitors to develop and sell their own solutions and reduce the need for our products. Recently, the U.S. government implemented a new license requirement for the export of certain semiconductor products to a D5 Country (including Hong Kong and Macau), and to companies headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent located in such D5 Country. This restriction impacts our AMD Instinct™ MI308 product. We expect to apply for licenses, but there is no assurance that licenses will be granted in a timely fashion or at all by the U.S. government. We expect that the restriction may result in charges of approximately $800 million in inventory and related reserves. As such, our revenues and results of operation could be negatively affected. In general, limits on sales of our offerings in the China market due to export controls puts us in a competitive disadvantage compared to domestic Chinese competitors and other unrestricted companies.
In January 2025, BIS issued a final rule, commonly referred to as the “AI Diffusion Rule,” that imposes new restrictions on the export, reexport and in-country transfer of certain advanced semiconductor devices and technology. The rule seeks to control the spread of advanced AI technology in a manner that promotes its potential economic and social benefits, while also protecting U.S. national security and foreign policy interests. It expands licensing requirements worldwide for