Systems a termination fee of $300 million if the Agreement is terminated in certain circumstances related to the failure to obtain required regulatory approvals.
We intend to seek a strategic partner to acquire ZT Systems' manufacturing business, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of this transaction. We may not be able to divest the ZT Systems’ manufacturing business on acceptable terms or at all. Divestitures involve certain risks and uncertainties such as: inability to find potential buyers on favorable terms; failure to receive regulatory or governmental approvals, or delay in receiving such approvals; restrictions due to regulatory or governmental approval, litigation, contractual terms, or other conditions; changes in market conditions or geopolitical conditions affecting the regions or industries in which we or our counterparties operate; distraction of management; failure to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities and employees to buyer; continued financial obligations and unanticipated liabilities; and closing delays. Any one of these factors could delay the achievement of our strategic objectives or cause us to incur additional transaction expenses.
36
Table of Contents
Any impairment of our tangible, definite-lived intangible or indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill, may adversely impact our financial position and results of operations.
We account for certain acquisitions, including the Xilinx, Inc. (Xilinx), Pensando Systems Inc. (Pensando) and Silo AI acquisitions, using the acquisition method of accounting under the provisions of ASC 805, Business Combinations, with AMD representing the accounting acquirer under this guidance. We record assets acquired, including identifiable intangible assets, and liabilities assumed, at their respective fair values at the acquisition date. Any excess of the purchase price over the net fair value of such assets and liabilities will be recorded as goodwill. In connection with the Xilinx, Pensando and Silo AI acquisitions, we recorded significant goodwill and other intangible assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill, are tested for impairment at least annually, and all tangible and intangible assets including goodwill will be tested for impairment when certain indicators are present. If, in the future, we determine that tangible or intangible assets, including goodwill, are impaired, we would record an impairment charge at that time. Impairment testing of goodwill requires significant use of judgment and assumptions, particularly as it relates to the determination of fair value. Subsequent to our annual goodwill impairment analysis, we monitor for any events or changes in circumstances, such as significant adverse changes in business climate or operating results, changes in management’s business strategy, an inability to successfully introduce new products in the marketplace, an inability to