regulatory action and legal liability as a result of new and proposed legislation regulating AI, as well as new applications of existing data protection, privacy and intellectual property and other laws. Such regulations and changes thereto could cause us to incur greater compliance costs, could impact our ability to sell or the ability of our customers and users worldwide to acquire, deploy and use systems that include our AI-related products and services and reduce the number of customers, which could negatively impact our business and financial results. As there continues to be an increasing focus on risks related to AI technologies, there may be an increasing focus on regulatory restrictions that target products and services that enable or facilitate AI and that may negatively impact some of our AI-related products and services. If the AI-related products that we offer have unintended consequences, infringe intellectual property rights or rights of publicity, or are misused by our customers or are otherwise controversial due to their perceived or actual impact on human rights, privacy, cybersecurity, employment or other social, economic or political issues the public’s acceptance of AI may be impaired and this may also result in reputational, competitive and financial harm and liability to our business.
The agreements governing our notes, our guarantee of the Assumed Xilinx Notes, and our Revolving Credit Agreement impose restrictions on us that may adversely affect our ability to operate our business.
The indenture governing our 3.924% Senior Notes due 2032 and 4.393% Senior Notes due 2052 contains various covenants that limit our ability to, among other things: create liens on certain assets to secure debt, enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions; and consolidate with, merge into or sell, convey or lease all or substantially all of our assets to any other person.
We unconditionally guarantee, on a senior unsecured basis, Xilinx’s obligations under the Xilinx’s 2.375% Notes due 2030 (the Assumed Xilinx Notes). The supplemental indenture governing the Assumed Xilinx Notes also contain various covenants which limit our ability to, among other things, create certain liens on principal property or the capital stock of certain subsidiaries, enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions with respect to principal property, and consolidate or merge with, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all our assets, taken as a whole, to another person.
We also have an unsecured revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of $3.0 billion (Revolving Credit Agreement). Our Revolving Credit Agreement contains various covenants which limit our ability to, among other things, incur liens; and consolidate or merge or sell our assets as an entirety or substantially as an entirety (in each case, except for certain customary exceptions). In addition, our Revolving Credit Agreement requires us to maintain a minimum