internal control over financial reporting for the Company.
91
Table of Contents
Management has used the 2013 framework set forth in the report entitled “Internal Control—Integrated Framework” published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Management has concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 28, 2024 at the reasonable assurance level. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has issued an attestation report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 28, 2024, which is included in Part II, Item 8, above.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.
ITEM 9B.       OTHER INFORMATION
During the quarterly period ended December 28, 2024, the following directors and officers adopted, modified or terminated 10b5-1 plans:
ITEM 9C.      DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
Not applicable.
92
Table of Contents
PART III
ITEM 10.       DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
AMD has
adopted
an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of our securities by our directors, officers, employees and other individuals associated with us that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any applicable listing standards. A copy of our insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The information under the captions “Item 1—Election of Directors” (including “Consideration of Stockholder Nominees for Director”), “Corporate Governance,” “Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors,” “Executive Officers” and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in our proxy statement for our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (our 2025 Proxy Statement) is incorporated herein by reference. There were no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. See also, “Part 1, Item 1-Website Access to our SEC Filings and Corporate Governance Documents,” above.
ITEM 11.       EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The information under the captions “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” “Directors’ Compensation and Benefits” (including “2024 Non-Employee Director Compensation”), “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Executive Compensation” (including “2024 Summary Compensation Table,” “2024 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation,” “Outstanding Equity Awards at 2024 Fiscal Year-End,” “Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2024” and “Option