Ltd.
(7)
PROCRIT competes with Aranesp in supportive cancer care and predialysis settings.
TEPEZZA and KRYSTEXXA currently do not face any direct competitors in the United States or Europe. TEPEZZA faces competition from other therapies, such as corticosteroids, which have been used on an off-label basis to alleviate some of the symptoms of TED. TEPEZZA and KRYSTEXXA may face competition from competitor medicines currently in clinical trials. See TEPEZZA and KRYSTEXXA sections above and Government Regulation—Regulation of Orphan Medicines
.
Reimbursement
Sales of our products are dependent on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers. In many markets around the world, these payers, including government health systems, private health insurers and other organizations, remain focused on reducing the cost of healthcare; and their efforts have intensified, in part, as a result of uncertain macroeconomic conditions, rising healthcare costs and pressures on healthcare budgets. Drugs remain heavily scrutinized for cost containment. As a result, payers have been and continue to be more restrictive regarding the use of biopharmaceutical products and are scrutinizing the prices of these products while requiring a higher level of clinical evidence to support the benefits such products bring to patients and the broader healthcare system. For example, as discussed below, payers are increasingly using stricter utilization management criteria, such as prior authorization and step therapy, to contain or reduce costs. These pressures become intensified when our products become subject to competition, including from biosimilars.
In the United States, healthcare providers and other entities such as pharmacies and PBMs are reimbursed for covered services and products they deliver through both private-payer and government healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. We provide negotiated rebates or discounts to healthcare providers, private payers, government payers and PBMs. In addition, we are required to (i) provide rebates or discounts on our products that are reimbursed through certain government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, and (ii) provide discounts to qualifying healthcare providers under the 340B Program. Further, inappropriate expanded utilization of the 340B Program has had a negative impact on the Company’s financial performance.
Both private and some government payers use formularies to manage access to and utilization of drugs. A drug’s inclusion and favorable positioning on a formulary are essential to ensure patients have full access to a particular drug. Even when access is available, some patients abandon their prescriptions for economic reasons. Payers continue to institute cost reduction and containment measures that lower drug utilization and/or spending altogether and/or shift a greater portion of the costs to patients. Such measures include, but are not limited to, more-limited benefit