ability to supply our needs. See Item 1A. Risk Factors—
We rely on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices and components.
We perform various procedures to help authenticate the sources of raw materials, including intermediary materials used in the manufacture of our products; the procedures include verification of country of origin and are incorporated into the manufacturing processes we and our third-party contract manufacturers perform.
To better ensure supply, Amgen has a risk mitigation strategy that uses a combination of methods, including multiple sources or backup inventory of critical raw materials. As part of our ongoing business continuity efforts, we continue to closely monitor our inventory levels and have taken additional measures to mitigate against raw material supply interruption. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of the factors that could adversely impact our manufacturing operations and the global supply of our products.
Government Regulation
Regulation by government authorities in the United States and other countries is a significant factor in the production and marketing of our products and our ongoing R&D activities. To clinically test, manufacture and market products for therapeutic use, we must satisfy mandatory procedures and safety and effectiveness standards established by various regulatory bodies. Compliance with these standards is complex, and failure to comply with any of these standards can result in significant implications. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of factors, including global regulatory implications, that can adversely impact our development and marketing of commercial products.
Regulation in the United States
In the United States, the Public Health Service Act; the FDCA; and the regulations promulgated thereunder as well as other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, the production, research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion and distribution of our products in addition to the reporting of certain payments and other transfers of value to healthcare professionals and teaching hospitals.
Clinical Development and Product Approval.
Drug development in our industry is complex, challenging and risky, and failure rates are high. Product development cycles are typically very long—approximately 10 to 15 years from discovery to market. A potential new medicine must undergo many years of preclinical and clinical testing to establish its safety and efficacy for use in humans at appropriate dosing levels and with an acceptable risk–benefit profile. We continue to work toward reducing cycle times by applying our expertise in human genetics and innovation in technology, clinical trials and real-world evidence. See Research and Development and Selected Product Candidates section below.
After laboratory analysis and preclinical testing in animals, we