qualified third-party contract manufacturers and third-party service providers may not be available on a timely basis, or at all. If we or our third-party contract manufacturers or third-party service providers cease or interrupt production or if our third-party contract manufacturers and third-party service providers fail to supply materials, products or services to us, we may experience delayed shipments, delays in our clinical trials, supply constraints, contract disputes, stock-outs and/or recalls of our products. Additionally, we distribute a substantial volume of our commercial products through our primary distribution centers in Louisville, Kentucky for the United States and in Breda, Netherlands for Europe and much of the rest of the world. We also conduct most of the labeling and packaging of our products distributed in Europe and much of the rest of the world in Breda. Our ability to timely supply products is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operations of our distribution and logistics centers, our third-party logistics providers and our labeling and packaging facility in Breda. Further, we rely on commercial transportation, including air and sea freight, for the distribution of our products to our customers, which has been negatively affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, labor unrest, natural disasters and geopolitical security threats.
Changes in laws or regulations with respect to the use and/or presence of certain chemicals in our products or the components used in the research, development, manufacture and/or packaging of our products could also disrupt or restrict our ability to develop, produce or sell our products in the affected jurisdictions. For example, the EU, the U.S. Congress, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and several U.S. states are considering legislation and/or policies to address the reporting, presence, and/or use, of certain chemicals in certain of the components used in the manufacture or packaging of commercial products, including chemicals known as per- and polyfluorinated substances (PFAS). In July 2024, Canada (through Environment and Climate Change Canada) issued a notice requiring reporting on PFAS manufacture, import, and use in Canada. In addition, proposed legislation in several jurisdictions are under consideration to prohibit or otherwise regulate the importation, manufacture, or distribution of goods containing PFAS, and some such proposals do not provide exemptions for drug products, medical devices, their packaging, or the materials used in the research, development, or manufacture of such products or devices. For example, the EU is considering a ban on PFAS in the manufacturing and packaging of pharmaceutical products that could affect pharmaceutical research and development activities and commercial distribution. Some proposals, if enacted without exemptions for pharmaceutical products, and materials used in their research, development, and manufacture, or without adequate time