Amounts recorded in Accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for sales deductions were as follows (in millions):
____________
(1)
Represents sales deductions assumed from the Horizon acquisition.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, total sales deductions were 52%, 53% and 51% of gross product sales, respectively. The increase in the total sales deductions balance as of December 31, 2024, compared with December 31, 2023, was primarily driven by higher gross sales. Included in the amounts are immaterial net adjustments related to prior-year sales due to changes in estimates.
In the United States, we use wholesalers as the principal means of distributing our products to healthcare providers such as physicians or their clinics, dialysis centers, hospitals and pharmacies. Products we sell in Europe are distributed principally to hospitals and/or wholesalers depending on the distribution practice in each country where the products are sold. We monitor the inventory levels of our products at our wholesalers by using data from our wholesalers and other third parties, and we believe wholesaler inventories have been maintained at appropriate levels (generally two to three weeks) given end-user demand. Accordingly, historical fluctuations in wholesaler inventory levels have not significantly affected our method of estimating sales deductions.
Accruals for sales deductions are based primarily on estimates of the amounts earned or to be claimed on the related sales. These estimates take into consideration current contractual and statutory requirements, specific known market events and trends, internal and external historical data and forecasted customer buying patterns. Sales deductions are substantially product specific and therefore, for any given year, can be affected by the mix of products sold.
Rebates include primarily amounts paid to payers and providers in the United States, including those paid to state Medicaid programs and those related to the IRA, and are based on contractual arrangements or statutory requirements that vary by product, by payer and by individual payer plans. As we sell products, we estimate the amount of rebate we will pay based on
77
the product sold, contractual terms, estimated patient population, historical experience and wholesaler inventory levels; and we accrue these rebates in the period the related sales are recorded. We then adjust the rebate accruals as more information becomes available and to reflect actual claims experience. Estimating such rebates is complicated, in part because of the time delay between the date of sale and the actual settlement of the liability. We believe the methodology we use to accrue for rebates is reasonable and appropriate given current facts and circumstances, but actual results may differ.
Wholesaler chargebacks relate to our contractual agreements to sell products to healthcare providers in the United States at fixed prices that are lower than the prices