the United States or import into the United States of PAVBLU before the expiration of each of the patents found to be infringed. On January 11, 2024, Regeneron filed a motion with the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation to transfer this case from the California Central District Court to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of West Virginia (West Virginia District Court). Amgen responded to Regeneron’s complaint on February 2, 2024, denying infringement and asserting counterclaims seeking a declaratory judgment that the asserted patents are not infringed, invalid, and/or unenforceable.
On April 11, 2024, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation granted Regeneron’s motion to transfer Regeneron’s patent infringement lawsuit pending against Amgen in the California Central District Court to the West Virginia District Court for coordinated and consolidated pretrial proceedings with the
five
other cases involving EYLEA biosimilars pending in that district.
On June 7, 2024, Regeneron filed a motion for a preliminary injunction to prohibit Amgen from engaging in the manufacture, use, offer for sell or sale within the United States, or importation into the United States, of PAVBLU
until resolution of this lawsuit or the entry of a permanent injunction, whichever comes first. Regeneron’s motion focused on U.S.
F-52
Patent No. 11,084,865, a formulation patent. On September 23, 2024, the West Virginia District Court denied Regeneron’s motion for a preliminary injunction, and Regeneron filed a notice of appeal, a motion to expedite the appeal, and an emergency motion for an injunction pending resolution of the appeal and for an administrative stay with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (Federal Circuit Court). On September 25, 2024, the Federal Circuit Court issued an order temporarily enjoining the launch of PAVBLU on an administrative basis while it considered Regeneron’s motion for an injunction pending appeal. On October 22, 2024, the Federal Circuit Court denied Regeneron’s motion for an injunction pending appeal and lifted the temporary injunction that was entered on September 25, 2024. Oral arguments for the appeal were held on January 14, 2025.
Antitrust Class Action
Sensipar Antitrust Class Actions
From February to April 2019,
four
plaintiffs filed putative class action lawsuits against Amgen and various entities affiliated with Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (Teva) alleging anticompetitive conduct in connection with settlements between Amgen and manufacturers of generic cinacalcet product.
Two
of those actions were brought in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware (Delaware District Court), captioned
UFCW Local 1500 Welfare Fund v. Amgen Inc., et al.
(February 21, 2019) (Local 1500) and
Cesar Castillo, Inc. v. Amgen Inc., et al.
(February 26, 2019) (Castillo). The third action was brought in the New Jersey District Court, captioned
Teamsters Local 237 Welfare Fund, et al. v. Amgen Inc., et al.