or acquire other companies, products, or technology, and to integrate the operations of companies or to support the products or technology we have acquired, may not be successful, and may result in unanticipated costs, delays or failures to realize the benefits of the transactions
. While we have reduced, and plan to continue to reduce, our debt leverage levels before returning to the capital or credit markets for new funds, if we are required to access the capital and credit markets at an inopportune time, including when adverse capital and credit market conditions prevail, we may be unable to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations or our ability to complete business acquisitions. Changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized credit-rating agencies could also adversely affect our ability to obtain capital and credit market financing and the cost of such financing and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities.
RISKS RELATED TO COMPETITION
Our products face substantial competition and our product candidates are also likely to face substantial competition.
We operate in a highly competitive environment. See Item 1. Business—Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products—Competition. We expect that our products and product candidates will compete with existing drugs, new drugs currently in development, drugs currently approved for other indications that may later be approved for the same indications as those of our products and drugs approved for other indications that are used off-label. Large pharmaceutical companies and generics manufacturers of pharmaceutical products have expanded into, and are expected to continue expanding into, the biotechnology field, and some pharmaceutical companies and generics manufacturers have formed partnerships to pursue biosimilars. With the proliferation of companies pursuing biopharmaceuticals, several of our biosimilar products have entered, and a number of our product candidates may enter, markets with one or more competitors or with competitors soon to arrive. In addition, some of our competitors may have technical, competitive or other advantages over us for the development of technologies and processes or greater experience in particular therapeutic areas, and consolidation among pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can enhance such advantages. These advantages may make it difficult for us to compete with them successfully to discover, develop and market new products and for our current products to compete with new products or new product indications they may bring to market. As a result, our products have been competing and may continue to compete, and our product candidates may compete, against products or product candidates that offer higher rebates or discounts, lower prices, equivalent or superior efficacy, better safety profiles, easier administration, earlier