from 2018 to 2020, was Vice President, Human Resources. From 2015 to 2018, Mr. Miller was an Executive Director, Human Resources. Prior to 2015, Mr. Miller served as a Senior Manager in the Human Resources organization, before his promotion to Director, Human Resources, and then to Strategy Director.
26
Dr. David M. Reese, age 62, became the Company’s inaugural Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer in December 2023, responsible for accelerating the use of technology and artificial intelligence across the organization. From 2018 to December 2023, Dr. Reese served as Executive Vice President, Research and Development. Dr. Reese joined the Company in 2005 and has held leadership roles in development, translational, and medical sciences, and discovery research, including as Senior Vice President, Translational Sciences and Oncology, from 2017 to 2018. Prior to joining Amgen, Dr. Reese was a cofounder, president, and chief medical officer of Translational Oncology Research International, a not-for-profit academic clinical research organization, and director of Clinical Research at the Breast Cancer International Research Group. Dr. Reese previously served on the faculty at the University of California, Los Angeles and the University of California, San Francisco.
Mr. Esteban Santos, age 57, became Executive Vice President, Operations, in 2016. Mr. Santos joined the Company in 2007 as Executive Director, Manufacturing Technologies. From 2013 to 2016, Mr. Santos was Senior Vice President, Manufacturing. From 2008 to 2013, Mr. Santos held a number of Vice President roles at the Company in engineering, manufacturing, site operations and drug product. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Santos served as Site General Manager of Johnson & Johnson’s (J&J) Cordis operation in Puerto Rico. Prior to J&J, Mr. Santos held several management positions in GE’s industrial and transportation businesses.
Geographic Area Financial Information
For financial information concerning the geographic areas in which we operate, see Part IV—Note 3, Revenues, and Note 12, Property, plant and equipment, to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Investor Information
Financial and other information about us is available on our website at www.amgen.com. We make available on our website, free of charge, copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with or furnish it to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In addition, we have previously filed registration statements and other documents with the SEC. Any document we file may be inspected without charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. (These website addresses are not intended to function as hyperlinks, and the information contained in our website and in the SEC’s