for additional indications have been previously described. See Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products—Patents.
(1)
Patent expiration estimates are based on issued patents, which may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by competitors. The estimates do not include any term adjustments, extensions or supplemental protection certificates that may be obtained in the future and thereby extend these dates. Corresponding patent applications are pending in other jurisdictions. Additional patents may be filed or issued and may provide additional exclusivity for the product candidate or its use. In addition to patent exclusivity, the product candidates may be protected by regulatory exclusivities upon approval in some countries. For example, new chemical entities would receive a five year exclusivity period and new molecular entities would receive a 12 year exclusivity period in the United States, whereas new chemical and molecular entities would receive a 10 year exclusivity period in Europe.
Phases 2 and 3 Program Descriptions
The following provides additional information about selected products and product candidates that have advanced into human clinical trials.
AMJEVITA
AMJEVITA, a biosimilar to HUMIRA, is a monoclonal antibody that inhibits binding of tumor necrosis factor (TNF) alpha to cell surface TNF receptor / TNF-alpha.
Bemarituzumab
Bemarituzumab is a monoclonal antibody that inhibits fibroblast growth factor receptor 2b (FGFR2b). It is being investigated for the treatment of gastric and gastroesophageal junction cancer and advanced solid tumors other than advanced squamous NSCLC.
Blinatumomab
Blinatumomab is an anti-CD19 x anti-CD3 BiTE
®
molecule. It is being investigated for the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus with nephritis.
BLINCYTO
BLINCYTO is an anti-CD19 x anti-CD3 BiTE
®
molecule. It is being investigated for the treatment of newly diagnosed adults with B-ALL.
Daxdilimab
Daxdilimab is a fully human monoclonal antibody against ILT7 that depletes certain dendritic cells. It is being investigated for the treatment of both dermatomyositis and anti-synthetase inflammatory myositis and discoid lupus erythematosus.
20
Dazodalibep
Dazodalibep is a fusion protein binding CD40L on T cells, blocking their interaction with CD40-expressing B cells. It is being investigated for the treatment of Sjögren’s disease.
EVENITY
EVENITY is a monoclonal antibody that inhibits the action of sclerostin. It is being evaluated as a treatment for male osteoporosis. EVENITY is being developed in collaboration with UCB.
IMDELLTRA
IMDELLTRA is an anti-DLL3 x anti-CD3 BiTE
®
molecule. It is being investigated for the treatment of small cell lung cancer.
Inebilizumab
Inebilizumab is a humanized, affinity-optimized, afucosylated IgG1 kappa (IgG1κ) monoclonal antibody that binds to the B cell-specific surface antigen CD19. It is being investigated as treatment for patients with systemic lupus erythematosus with nephritis.