centers, hospitals and pharmacies. Similarly, as discussed above, there has been significant consolidation in the health insurance industry, including that a small number of PBMs now oversee a substantial percentage of total covered lives in the United States. See
Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability.
For example, the six largest PBMs in the United States are now part of major health insurance providers, and nationally account for 94% of prescription drug claims. The growing concentration of purchasing and negotiating power by these entities has, and may continue to, put pressure on our pricing due to their ability to extract price discounts on our products, fees for other services or rebates, negatively affecting our bargaining position, sales and/or profit margins. In addition, decisions by these entities to purchase or cover less or none of our products in favor of competing products could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations due to their purchasing volume. Further, if one of our significant wholesale distributors encounters financial or other difficulties and becomes unable or unwilling to pay us all amounts that such distributor owes us on a timely basis, or at all, it could negatively affect our business and results of operations. In addition, if one of our significant wholesale distributors becomes insolvent or otherwise unable to
42
continue its commercial relationship with us in its present form, it could significantly disrupt our business and adversely affect our product sales, our business and results of operations unless suitable alternatives are timely found or lost sales are absorbed by another distributor.
RISKS RELATED TO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
We may not be able to develop commercial products despite significant investments in R&D.
Amgen invests heavily in R&D. Successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain, and very few R&D projects yield approved and commercially viable products. Product candidates, including biosimilar product candidates, or new indications for existing products (collectively, product candidates) that appear promising in the early phases of development have failed to reach the market for a number of reasons, such as:
•
the product candidate did not demonstrate acceptable clinical trial results even though it achieved its primary endpoints and/or demonstrated positive preclinical or early clinical trial results, for reasons that could include changes in the standard of care of medicine or expectations of health authorities;
•
the product candidate was not effective or not more effective than currently available or potentially competitive therapies in treating a specified condition or illness;
•
the product candidate was not cost effective in light of