to research and develop or otherwise identify alternative materials or suppliers, may cause significant disruptions to our ability to manufacture and supply products to the affected jurisdictions, potentially resulting in a material adverse effect on our business.
51
There have also been legislative and administrative proposals seeking to incentivize greater drug manufacturing in the United States with the stated goal of improving supply reliability in the United States. For example, on August 6, 2020, an Executive Order was issued that was aimed at boosting domestic production of essential medicines, medical countermeasures, and critical inputs titled “Executive Order on Ensuring Essential Medicines, Medical Countermeasures, and Critical Inputs are Made in the United States.” Additionally, one legislative proposal would have prohibited the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs from purchasing certain drugs that have active pharmaceutical ingredients manufactured outside the United States. While we perform a substantial majority of our commercial manufacturing activities in the United States, including in the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, and a substantial majority of our clinical manufacturing activities at our facility in Thousand Oaks, California, the passage of such legislation could result in foreign governments enacting retaliatory legislation or regulatory actions, which may have an adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations.
Our business and operations may be negatively affected by the failure, or perceived failure, of achieving our environmental, social and governance objectives.
We continue to work towards operating our business in an environmentally responsible and socially inclusive manner. Stakeholders, including our investors and our employees, have increasingly focused on, and are expected to continue to focus on, our ESG practices. Policymakers, regulators and investors globally have increased their focus on ESG matters, resulting in rapidly evolving and diverging expectations and standards. For example, California recently enacted the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act that requires, among other things, disclosure of greenhouse gas emissions. In contrast, in other states, there are a growing number of anti-ESG initiatives that may conflict with certain of our stakeholders’ expectations. For example, at least 16 states have enacted laws prohibiting the consideration of ESG factors in connection with state pension asset investment decisions. If our ESG practices fail to meet our stakeholders’ expectations and standards, or if we fail to comply with ESG-related regulations across our global business, there could be a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and, ultimately, our stock price.
Our ESG report is made available on our website and describes our current ESG goals and the progress we have made on the ESG issues that we believe our external and internal stakeholders consider to