States, other jurisdictions where we operate have passed, or continue to propose, data privacy or cybersecurity legislation and/or regulations. For example, in China, the Personal Information Protection Law and the Data Security Law, which regulate data processing activities associated with personal and nonpersonal data, are in effect and build upon the existing Cybersecurity Law. Failure to comply with these current and future laws could result in significant penalties and reputational harm and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
We are adopting and exploring the use of artificial intelligence (AI) in our business, and as an emerging and rapidly evolving technology, our use of AI introduces potential opportunities but also presents risks that could adversely affect our operations, information security and reputation. AI systems may produce inaccurate or flawed outputs due to flawed algorithms, or insufficient and/or erroneous training data. Reliance on flawed outputs could result in lower quality decision-making or prevent us from effectively utilizing AI in our business. We may also become vulnerable to operational disruptions if the AI technologies we use experience downtimes or are compromised by cyberattacks. If we do not effectively implement guardrails and train our staff on the safe and proper use of AI, or if our staff fail to effectively adhere to our established guardrails and training on the use of AI, we may experience adverse effects on our business, including data breaches, the loss of confidential information (including our intellectual property), unintentional disclosure of personal data, or other misuse of our proprietary information. Further, several governments and regulatory authorities have proposed or passed laws and regulations governing the use of AI. For example, in March 2024, the European Parliament adopted the Artificial Intelligence Act that provides for EU-wide rules on data quality, transparency, human oversight and accountability with respect to the use of artificial intelligence. In April 2024, the EU also revised its Cybersecurity Directive NIS2 rules that create new cybersecurity risk management and reporting obligations. Failure to comply with these current and future laws could result in significant penalties and reputational harm and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Our sales and operations are subject to the risks of doing business internationally, including in emerging markets.
As we continue our expansion efforts in emerging markets around the world, through acquisitions and licensing transactions as well as through the development and introduction, both independently and through collaborations such as our collaboration with BeiGene, of our products in new markets, we face numerous risks to our business. There is no guarantee that our efforts and strategies to expand sales in emerging markets will succeed. Our