the product and/or seek payment of a royalty on the product’s sales in one or more territories. Further, disputes may arise with third parties from whom we have licensed rights to intellectual property necessary for the development and commercialization of some of our products. Patent disputes are frequent, costly and can preclude, delay or increase the cost of commercialization of products. We have been in the past, are currently and expect to be in the future, involved in patent litigation. These matters have included, and may in the future include, litigation with manufacturers of products that purport to be biosimilars of certain of our products for patent infringement, invalidity, unenforceability and failure to comply with certain provisions of the BPCIA, and litigation with manufacturers of innovator products that allege patent infringement. A determination made by a court, agency or tribunal concerning infringement, validity, enforceability, injunctive or economic remedy, or the right to patent protection, for example, are typically subject to appellate or administrative review. Upon review, such initial determinations may be afforded little or no deference by the reviewing tribunal and may be affirmed, reversed or made the subject of reconsideration through further proceedings. A patent dispute or litigation has not discouraged, and may not in the future discourage, a potential violator from bringing the allegedly infringing product to market prior to a final resolution of the dispute or litigation. The period from inception until resolution of a patent dispute or litigation is subject to the availability and schedule of the court, agency or tribunal before which the dispute or litigation is pending. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to competition during this period and may not be able to recover fully from the losses, damages and harms we incur from infringement by the competitor product even if we prevail. Moreover, if we lose or settle current or future litigations at certain stages or entirely, we could be subject to competition and/or significant liabilities, be required to enter into third-party licenses for the infringed product or technology or be required to cease using the technology or product in dispute. In addition, we cannot guarantee that such licenses will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
Further, under the Hatch–Waxman Act, our products approved by the FDA under the FDCA have been, and may in the future be, the subject of patent litigation with generics competitors before expiry of the five-year period of data exclusivity provided for under the Hatch-Waxman Act and prior to the expiration of the patents listed for the product. Likewise, our innovative biologic products have been, and may in the future be, the subject of patent litigation prior to the expiration of our patents and, with respect to competitors seeking approval as a biosimilar or interchangeable version of our products,