facilities are suitable for their intended uses and, in conjunction with our third-party contract manufacturing agreements, provide adequate capacity and are sufficient to meet our expected needs. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of the factors that could adversely impact our manufacturing operations and the global supply of our products.
See Item 1. Business—Manufacturing, Distribution and Raw Materials.
57
Certain of the legal proceedings in which we are involved are discussed in Part IV—Note 20, Contingencies and commitments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements and are hereby incorporated by reference.
Not applicable.
58
PART II
Common stock
Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol AMGN. As of February 11, 2025, there were approximately 4,047 holders of record of our common stock.
Performance graph
The following graph shows the value of an investment of $100 on December 31, 2019, in each of Amgen common stock, the Amex Biotech Index, the Amex Pharmaceutical Index and Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. All values assume reinvestment of the pretax value of dividends and are calculated as of December 31 of each year. The historical stock price performance of the Company’s common stock shown in the performance graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.
The material in the above performance graph is not soliciting material, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not incorporated by reference in any filing of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made on, before or after the date of this filing and irrespective of any general incorporation language in such filing.
59
Stock repurchase program
During the year ended December 31, 2024, we had one outstanding stock repurchase program, under which repurchase activity was as follows:
____________
(1)
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company purchased an additional 1,225 shares at an average price paid of $323.34 per share from staff members to satisfy federal law compliance obligations. These shares were not repurchased under our stock repurchase program.
Dividends
For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we paid quarterly dividends. We expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends, although the amount and timing of any future dividends are subject to approval by our Board of Directors. Additional information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Part IV—Note 17, Stockholders’ equity, to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Existing Equity Compensation Plans
Information about securities authorized for issuance under existing equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference from Part III, Item 12—Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Existing Equity Compensation Plans.
60
The following MD&A is intended to assist the reader in understanding Amgen’s business. MD&A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in