consideration of approximately $
27.8
billion. Horizon is a global biotechnology company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of medicines that address critical needs of patients impacted by rare, autoimmune and severe inflammatory diseases. The acquisition, which was accounted for as a business combination, aligns with Amgen’s core strategy of delivering innovative medicines that make a significant difference for patients suffering from serious diseases and strengthens Amgen’s leading rare disease portfolio by adding first-in-class, early-in-lifecycle medicines, including TEPEZZA for thyroid eye disease, KRYSTEXXA for chronic refractory gout and UPLIZNA for neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder. Upon its acquisition, Horizon became a wholly owned subsidiary of Amgen, and its operations have been included in our consolidated financial statements commencing on the acquisition date.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the purchase price allocation of the acquisition was completed and measurement period adjustments were finalized, which included changes to the purchase price allocation that resulted in a net increase of approximately $
25
million to goodwill. The measurement period adjustments resulted primarily from adjustments to acquired assets and liabilities, including deferred tax attributes, based on facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date and did not result from events subsequent to the acquisition date. The adjustments did not have a significant impact on Amgen’s results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2024, and would not have had a significant impact on prior-period results if the adjustments had been made as of the acquisition date.
The following table summarizes the final total consideration and allocated acquisition date fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, inclusive of measurement-period adjustments (in millions):
The $
27.8
billion total consideration for this transaction consisted of (i) cash consideration transferred to common shareholders of $
26.7
billion; (ii) cash consideration transferred to vested and outstanding options, outstanding RSU awards and outstanding performance share unit awards of $
523
million; (iii) fair value of Amgen replacement awards (based on conversion of outstanding employee RSU awards) of $
180
million representing noncash consideration; and (iv) a portion of Horizon’s debt, settled by Amgen on the acquisition closing date, of $
382
million. Amgen issued
1.7
million replacement equity awards with the original vesting conditions, the fair value of which was determined based on the acquisition date fair value based on the conversion calculation. See Note 5, Stock-based compensation.
The estimated fair values of $
20.7
billion for the developed-product-technology rights and IPR&D intangible assets were determined using a multi-period excess earnings income approach that discounts expected future cash flows to present