distributors to supplement distribution of our products worldwide.
Other
In addition to the manufacturing and distribution activities noted above, each of our manufacturing locations includes key manufacturing support functions such as quality control, process development, engineering, procurement, production scheduling and warehousing. Certain of those manufacturing and distribution activities are highly regulated by the FDA as well as international regulatory agencies. See Government Regulation—Regulation in the United States—Regulation of Manufacturing Standards.
Manufacturing Initiatives
As discussed above, we are expanding our capacity and advancing new innovations to support anticipated patient demand for our current and future products.
In January 2024, our biomanufacturing plant located in New Albany, Ohio received FDA licensure for commercial production. This final product assembly and packaging plant supports the growing demand for Amgen’s medicines and uses state-of-the-art technologies and automation.
12
In January 2025, we opened our Holly Springs, North Carolina site, a cutting-edge drug substance facility. Upon FDA approval, this facility will increase our biologics manufacturing capacity. Also in January 2025, we broke ground
on a second drug substance manufacturing facility in Holly Springs, North Carolina. This second facility will incorporate state-of-the-art technologies and sustainable practices, further enhancing our manufacturing network to support reliable and efficient supply of our medicines to patients worldwide.
Subsequent to the Horizon acquisition, we continue to evaluate our supply chains and pursue activities to further improve resiliency and efficiency. Additionally, in 2024, we have initiated actions to consolidate the commercial production of select acquired Horizon products into our existing manufacturing network. See Item 1A. Risk factors—
Our efforts to collaborate with or acquire other companies, products, or technology, and to integrate the operations of companies or to support the products or technology we have acquired, may not be successful, and may result in unanticipated costs, delays or failures to realize the benefits of the transactions.
See Item 1A. Risk Factors—
Manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays could limit supply of our products and limit our product sales.
Raw Materials and Medical Devices
Certain raw materials, medical devices (including companion diagnostics) and components necessary for the commercial and/or clinical manufacturing of our products are provided by and are the proprietary products of unaffiliated third-party suppliers, certain of which may be our only sources for such materials.
We currently attempt to manage the risk associated with such suppliers by means of inventory management, relationship management and evaluation of alternative sources when feasible. We also monitor the financial condition and manufacturing quality and compliance of key suppliers and their