market availability or other competitive
39
features. If we are unable to compete effectively, this could reduce our sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Our intellectual property positions may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or we may fail to prevail in current and future intellectual property litigation.
Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and defend patent rights and other intellectual property rights that are important to the commercialization of our products and product candidates. The patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can be highly uncertain and often involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. Driven by cost pressures, efforts to limit or weaken patent protection for our industry are increasing. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in increased interest in compulsory licenses, march-in rights or other governmental interventions, both in the United States and internationally, related to the procurement of drugs, and the World Trade Organization has agreed to a waiver of COVID-19 vaccine intellectual property protections through the Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights waiver process. At the end of 2023, the prior Administration released a proposed framework that would consider price as a factor when determining whether to exercise march-in rights pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act with respect to drugs or other taxpayer-funded inventions, and it is unclear whether the current Administration will finalize this framework. Further, in early 2025, the new Administration has taken actions to freeze or reduce the federal workforce. Significant reductions of, or disruptions to, staffing and resources available at the USPTO could lead to delays in the examination or approval of patent applications, or other challenges to securing and/or enforcing our intellectual property rights.
Third parties have challenged and may continue to challenge, invalidate or circumvent our patents (including any patent applications, term extensions, term adjustments and supplemental protection certificates) relating to our products, product candidates and technologies. See Part IV—Note 20, Contingencies and commitments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Challenges to patents have come from potential competitors or from parties other than those who sought to market a potentially-infringing product. In addition, in certain cases our patent positions have not protected us, and may not protect us, against competitors with similar products or technologies because competing products or technologies may not infringe our patents. For certain of our products and/or product candidates, third parties may obtain patents that claim the product, one or more of its uses, the drug delivery device used to administer the product, or our manufacturing process used to make the product, and they may seek to prevent us from commercializing