decrease the probabilities of achieving the related development, regulatory and commercial events or that shorten or lengthen the time required to achieve such events or that increase or decrease estimated annual sales would result in corresponding increases or decreases in the fair values of the obligations, as applicable. Changes in the fair values of contingent consideration obligations are recognized in Other operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
F-43
Changes in the carrying amounts of contingent consideration obligations were as follows (in millions):
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, our contingent consideration obligations are primarily the result of our acquisition of Teneobio in October 2021, which obligates us to make payments to the former shareholders upon achievement of separate development and regulatory milestones with regard to various R&D programs. In 2023, the development of AMG 340 was terminated, resulting in a decrease of the related contingent consideration liability. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the remeasurement of our contingent consideration liability of $
165
million, which was primarily related to the termination of AMG 340, was recognized in Other operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income and included in Other items, net, in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. See Note 13, Goodwill and other intangible assets, for the impact on the related IPR&D asset.
Summary of the fair values of other financial instruments
Cash equivalents
The fair values of cash equivalents are approximated at their carrying values due to the short-term nature of such financial instruments.
Borrowings
We estimate the fair values of our fixed-rate notes by using Level 2 inputs. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the aggregate fair values of our fixed-rate notes were $
54.9
billion and $
59.2
billion, respectively, and the carrying values of our fixed-rate notes were $
58.3
billion and $
60.6
billion, respectively. The estimates of the fair values of our term loans approximate their carrying values as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 as these debt instruments bear interest at floating rates.
During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were no transfers of assets or liabilities between fair value measurement levels, and except with respect to the IPR&D intangible impairment of AMG 340 in 2023 as disclosed in Note 13, Goodwill and other intangible assets, there were no material remeasurements to the fair values of assets and liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
19.
Derivative instruments
The Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate risks related to its business operations. To reduce our risks related to such exposures, we use or have used certain derivative instruments, including foreign currency forward, foreign currency option, cross-currency swap, forward interest rate and interest rate swap contracts. We have