insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor (IGF-1R) that is the first and only approved medicine for the treatment of thyroid eye disease (TED).
EVENITY
Together with our collaboration partners, we market EVENITY in many countries around the world. EVENITY was launched in the United States and Japan in 2019. In the United States, it is used in the indication for the treatment of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women at high risk for fracture, defined as a history of osteoporotic fracture, or multiple risk factors for fracture; or patients who have failed or are intolerant to other available osteoporosis therapy. In Japan, EVENITY is used primarily in the indication for the treatment of osteoporosis in men and postmenopausal women at high risk of fracture.
KYPROLIS
We market KYPROLIS primarily in the United States and Europe. KYPROLIS was launched in 2012 and is indicated in combination with (i) dexamethasone, (ii) lenalidomide plus dexamethasone, (iii) daratumumab plus dexamethasone, (iv) daratumumab plus hyaluronidase-fihj plus dexamethasone, and (v) isatuximab plus dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received one to three prior lines of therapy. It is also approved as a single agent for patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received one or more previous therapies.
4
Nplate
We market Nplate in many countries around the world. Nplate was launched in 2008 and is indicated to treat thrombocytopenia in patients with immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) who have had an insufficient response to corticosteroids, immunoglobulins or splenectomy.
Aranesp
We market Aranesp primarily in the United States and Europe. Aranesp was launched in 2001 and is indicated to treat a lower-than-normal number of red blood cells (anemia) caused by chronic kidney disease (CKD) in both patients on dialysis and patients not on dialysis. Aranesp is also indicated for the treatment of anemia due to concomitant myelosuppressive chemotherapy in certain patients with nonmyeloid malignancies and when chemotherapy will be used for at least two months after starting Aranesp.
BLINCYTO
We market BLINCYTO in many countries around the world. BLINCYTO was launched in 2014 and has proven efficacy in a wide range of patients with CD19-positive B-ALL, including those who are MRD(–) or MRD(+) in frontline consolidation, and those with relapsed or refractory (R/R) disease. Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) is a cancer of the blood in which a particular kind of white blood cell is growing out of control.
KRYSTEXXA
We market KRYSTEXXA in the United States. KRYSTEXXA was acquired through our Horizon acquisition in October 2023. KRYSTEXXA is the first and only FDA-approved medicine for the treatment of chronic refractory gout.
Vectibix
We market Vectibix in many countries around the world. Vectibix was launched in 2006 and is indicated for the treatment of patients with wild-type RAS metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC,