declines.
Moreover, provisions of the IRA, as well as the 340B Program, have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our business. For example, ENBREL and Otezla have been selected by CMS for Medicare price setting beginning in 2026 and 2027, respectively. Finally, wholesale and end-user buying patterns can affect our product sales. These buying patterns can cause fluctuations in quarterly product sales, but have generally not been significant to date when comparing full-year product performance to the prior year. See Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Significant developments
The following is a summary of select significant developments affecting our business that occurred since the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. For additional developments, see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Significant developments
Products/pipeline
Maridebart cafraglutide (MariTide
™
)
In March 2025, we announced the initiation of two Phase 3 studies to evaluate MariTide, a differentiated peptide-antibody conjugate subcutaneously administered monthly or less frequently, in chronic weight management: one study in adults living with obesity or overweight without Type 2 diabetes and another study in adults living with obesity or overweight with Type 2 diabetes.
Rocatinlimab
In March 2025, we announced results from the ongoing ROCKET Phase 3 clinical trial program evaluating rocatinlimab, an investigational T-cell rebalancing therapy targeting the OX40 receptor, in moderate to severe atopic dermatitis (AD). The IGNITE study, which evaluated two dose strengths of rocatinlimab, met its co-primary endpoints and all key secondary endpoints, achieving statistical significance for both rocatinlimab dose strengths versus placebo. The SHUTTLE study, which evaluated two dose strengths of rocatinlimab in combination with topical corticosteroids (TCS) and/or topical calcineurin inhibitors (TCI) using the same co-primary endpoints as IGNITE, met its co-primary endpoints and all key secondary endpoints. Lastly, the VOYAGER study successfully demonstrated that rocatinlimab does not interfere with responses to tetanus and meningococcal vaccinations.
Across ROCKET program results to date, safety findings were generally consistent with the safety profile of rocatinlimab previously observed. The most frequent treatment-emergent adverse events (≥5%) with higher observed proportion in rocatinlimab groups were pyrexia, chills and headache. A higher number of patients receiving rocatinlimab compared with placebo experienced gastrointestinal ulceration events, with an overall incidence of less than 1%.
UPLIZNA
In April 2025, we announced the FDA approved UPLIZNA for the treatment of Immunoglobulin G4-related disease (IgG4-RD) in adult patients. UPLIZNA is the first and only FDA approved treatment for adults living with IgG4-RD.
IMDELLTRA
In April 2025, we announced that the