patients with KRAS G12C-mutated local advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Following our submission of the LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS CodeBreaK 200 Phase 3 confirmatory data in March 2023 to the FDA and EMA, we received a Complete Response Letter from the FDA and a new post-marketing requirement for an additional confirmatory study to support full approval. Regulatory authorities are placing greater focus on whether the sponsors of products originally approved on an accelerated or conditional basis have met the conditions of the accelerated or conditional approvals. If we are unable to fulfill the regulators’ requirements that were conditions of a product’s accelerated or conditional approval and/or if regulators reevaluate the data or risk-benefit profile of our product, the conditional approval may not result in full approval or may be revoked or not renewed. Alternatively, we may be required to change the product’s labeled indications, conduct an additional confirmatory clinical trial, or even withdraw the product from the market.
47
Regulatory authorities can also impose post-marketing pediatric study requirements. Failure to fulfill such requirements may result in regulatory or enforcement action, including financial penalties or the invalidation of a product’s marketing authorization.
Safety problems or signals can arise as our products and product candidates are evaluated in clinical trials, including investigator sponsored studies, or as our marketed products are used in clinical practice. We are required continuously to collect and assess adverse events reported to us and to communicate to regulatory agencies these adverse events and safety signals regarding our products. Regulatory agencies periodically perform inspections of our pharmacovigilance processes, including our adverse event reporting. In the United States, for our products with approved Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies (REMS, see Part I, Item 1. Business—Government Regulation—Postapproval Phase, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024), we are required to submit periodic assessment reports to the FDA to demonstrate that the goals of the REMS are being met. REMS and other risk management programs are designed to help ensure that a drug’s benefits outweigh the risks and vary in the elements they contain. If the FDA is not satisfied with the results of the periodic assessment reports we submit for any of our REMS, the FDA may also modify our REMS or take other regulatory actions, such as implementing revised or restrictive labeling. The drug delivery devices approved for use in combination with our products are also subject to regulatory oversight and review for safety and malfunctions. See our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors
—Some of our products are used with drug delivery or companion diagnostic devices that have their own regulatory, manufacturing and other