assessments, and if applicable, testing, for the presence of nitrosamine impurities in certain small molecule drugs, and we are following the established process of evaluating potentially impacted small molecule products. Testing of our cinacalcet product has indicated the presence of nitrosamines in certain lots above established limits. After working closely with regulatory agencies in each impacted country we have stopped distribution of cinacalcet in certain countries and initiated recalls in certain Middle Eastern countries.
48
In addition to our innovative products, we are working to develop and commercialize biosimilar versions of a number of products currently manufactured, marketed and sold by other pharmaceutical companies. In some markets outside the United States and EU, there is not yet a legislative or regulatory pathway for the approval of biosimilars. In the United States, the BPCIA provided for such a pathway. Discussions within the FDA and other regulatory authorities, and between regulatory authorities and sponsors, continue as to the evidence needed to demonstrate biosimilarity or interchangeability for specific products. See our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors
—We currently face competition from biosimilars and generics and expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars and generics in the future.
Delays or uncertainties in the development or implementation of such pathways, or changes in existing regulatory pathways, including degradation of regulatory standards, could result in delays or difficulties in getting our biosimilar products approved by regulatory authorities, subject us to unanticipated development costs or otherwise reduce the value of the investments we have made in the biosimilars area. Further, we cannot predict the extent to which any potential legislative or policy initiatives would affect the biosimilar pathway or have a material adverse effect on our development of biosimilars, on our marketed biosimilars or on our pursuit of interchangeability designations for any biosimilar. In addition, if we are unable to bring our biosimilar products to market on a timely basis and secure “first-to-market” or other advantageous positions, our future biosimilar sales, business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
Global economic conditions may negatively affect us and may magnify certain risks that affect our business.
Our operations and performance have been, and may continue to be, affected by global economic conditions. The economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic precipitated a global recession, which was followed by high rates of inflation and actions taken by financial regulators to raise interest rates. Instability in the financial system, tighter lending standards and higher interest rates have added stress that may create additional vulnerabilities in the global economy, the effects of which