on January 1, 2026, which we expect will negatively impact its profitability in Medicare. See Part I, Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Results of operations—Product sales—ENBREL. In January 2025, CMS announced the next 15 drugs for Medicare price setting that will be applicable beginning on January 1, 2027, which includes Otezla. Depending on the growth and success of our medicines, other of our medicines may also be subject to selection by CMS in the next, or in a future, cycle of mandatory Medicare price setting. If other of our medicines are selected by CMS for Medicare price setting, we may be required to accept a price set by the government for Medicare similar to the process that was applied to ENBREL. On April 15, 2025, the Administration issued an executive order (the April 2025 EO) that, among other directives, directs HHS to work with Congress to align the treatment of small molecule drugs and biologics in the Medicare price setting program under the IRA. It is currently unclear how such modifications would affect the timeframe in which Medicare price setting becomes applicable for selected drugs or biologics. Also under the IRA, Medicare Part D was redesigned to cap beneficiary out-of-pocket costs and, beginning January 1, 2025, Federal reinsurance will be reduced in the catastrophic phase (resulting in a shift and increase of such costs to Part D plans and manufacturers, including by requiring manufacturer discounts on applicable drugs). Further, the IRA inflation penalties allow CMS to collect rebates from manufacturers if price increases outpace inflation. Such rebate obligations began to accrue October 1, 2022 for Medicare Part D and January 1, 2023 for Medicare Part B, but CMS has not yet issued invoices and has some discretion as to when to issue such invoices to manufacturers. We expect that several of our products will be subject to IRA inflation penalties, and several of our products have been on lists that are issued and updated on a quarterly basis by CMS under a related program under which Medicare beneficiaries are charged reduced coinsurance if price increases exceed inflation. The IRA’s Medicare price setting and Medicare redesign are likely to have a material adverse effect on our sales, our business and our results of operations, and such impact is expected to increase through the end of the decade and will depend on factors including the extent of our portfolio’s exposure to Medicare reimbursement, the rate of inflation over time, the number of our products selected for Medicare price setting and the timing of market entry of generic or biosimilar competition. Further, following the enactment of the IRA, the environment remains dynamic, and U.S. policymakers continue to demonstrate interest in health care and drug pricing changes as well as potential changes affecting intellectual property. For example, in April 2024, CMS finalized policy changes that will