2023, we received FDA approval for WEZLANA, a biosimilar to STELARA, and in 2024, we received FDA approval for BKEMV, a biosimilar to SOLIRIS, and in the fourth quarter of 2024, we launched PAVBLU, a biosimilar to EYLEA, in the United States. In January 2025, we launched WEZLANA in the United States. We expect additional biosimilar competition against both our branded and biosimilar products in the future across markets.
Although biosimilars compete on price, we believe many patients, providers and payers will continue to place high value on the reputation, supply reliability and safety of our products. As additional biosimilar competitors come to market, we will continue to leverage our global experience to distinguish against both branded and biosimilar competitors.
7
Although most of our products are biologics, some are small molecule products, including Otezla, KYPROLIS and LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS. Because the FDA approval process permits generic manufacturers to rely on the safety and efficacy data of the innovator product rather than having to conduct their own costly and time-consuming clinical trials, generic manufacturers can often develop and market their competing versions of our small molecule products at much lower prices. For example, following loss of exclusivity of patents directed to cinacalcet, the active ingredient in our small molecule calcimimetic Sensipar, we lost a significant share of the market and corresponding revenues in a very short period of time.
The introduction of new products, the development of new processes or technologies by competitors or the emergence of new information about existing products may result in (i) increased competition for our marketed products, even for those protected by patents and/or (ii) reductions in the prices we receive from selling our products. In addition, the development of new treatment options or standards of care may reduce the use of our products or may limit the utility and application of ongoing clinical trials of our product candidates. (As used in this document, the term
clinical trials
may include prospective clinical trials, observational studies, registries and other studies.) See Item 1A. Risk Factors—
Our products face substantial competition and our product candidates are also likely to face substantial competition
and Item 1A. Risk Factors—
We currently face competition from biosimilars and generics and expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars and generics in the future
.
8
The following table reflects our significant competitors for our principal products and is not exhaustive.
(1)
Approved biosimilars available for Prolia and XGEVA in Asia Pacific only. Other biosimilars under regulatory review in the United States, Europe and Asia Pacific.
(2)
Approved biosimilars for HUMIRA available.
(3)
A subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson.
9
(4)
A subsidiary of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company.
(5)
REVLIMID also includes generics.
(6)
A subsidiary of Takeda Pharmaceutical Co.,