The developed-product-technology rights acquired relates to TAVNEOS, which is approved in the United States and the EU for ANCA-associated vasculitis. The estimated fair value of $
3.5
billion was determined by using a multi-period excess earnings income approach that discounts expected future cash flows to present value by applying a discount rate that represents the estimated rate that market participants would use to value the intangible assets. The developed-product-technology rights are being amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average period of approximately
11
years from the acquisition date using the straight-line methodology.
The estimated fair value of the acquired inventory of $
41
million was determined using the comparative sales method, which uses actual or expected selling prices of inventory as the base amount to which adjustments for selling effort and a profit on the buyer’s effort are applied. The inventory fair value adjustment was amortized as inventory turned over, which we estimated to be approximately
13
months from the acquisition date.
A net deferred tax liability of $
502
million was recognized on the temporary differences related to the book bases and tax bases of the acquired identifiable assets and assumed liabilities, primarily driven by the intangible assets acquired.
The excess of the acquisition date consideration over the fair values assigned to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed of $
649
million was recorded as goodwill, which is not deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill value is primarily attributable to the expected synergies from the TAVNEOS asset.
Divestiture of Gensenta İlaç Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş.
On November 2, 2022, we sold our shares in Gensenta, a subsidiary in Turkey, to Eczacıbaşı for net cash proceeds of approximately $
130
million. The transaction was accounted for as a sale of a business and did not meet the criteria to be classified as discontinued operations. Upon closing of this transaction, net assets related to Gensenta of $
86
million were divested, and during the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a loss on divestiture of $
567
million recorded in Other operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income, primarily due to the reclassification of $
615
million of cumulative foreign currency translation losses from AOCI into earnings. See Note 17, Stockholders’ equity.
F-20
5.
Stock-based compensation
Our Amended 2009 Plan authorizes for issuance to employees of Amgen and nonemployee members of our Board of Directors shares of our common stock pursuant to grants of equity-based awards, including RSUs, stock options and performance units. The pool of shares available under the Amended 2009 Plan is reduced by
one
share for each stock option granted and by
1.9
shares for other types of awards granted, including full-value awards. In general, if any shares subject to an award granted under the Amended 2009 Plan expire or become forfeited,