international business, including in China and emerging market countries, may be especially vulnerable to periods of global and local political, legal, regulatory and financial instability, including issues of geopolitical relations, the imposition of international sanctions in response to certain state actions and/or sovereign debt issues, and management of health policy in response to pressures such as global pandemics. For example, the BIOSECURE Act that prohibits federal contracting with companies that have commercial connections with enumerated “biotechnology companies of concern” located in certain geographies, including China, has passed in the U.S. House of Representatives, and, if passed by the U.S. Senate and signed into law by the Administration, could restrict our ability to contract or collaborate with such biotechnology companies in the future. If relations between the United States and other governments deteriorate, our business and investments in such markets may also be adversely affected. We may also be required to increase our reliance on third-party agents and unfamiliar operations and arrangements, including those previously utilized by companies we partner with or acquire in emerging markets. See
We must conduct clinical trials in humans before we commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications
. Our expansion efforts in China and emerging markets around the world are dependent upon the establishment of an environment that is predictable, navigable and supportive of biopharmaceutical innovation, sustained access for our products and predictable pricing controls. China continues to strengthen regulations on the collection, use and transmission of Chinese human genetic resources, and has expanded regulations on the conduct of biotechnology R&D activities in China. For example, between 2020 and 2022, we experienced delays in our applications to the Human Genetic Resources Administration of China that sought approval to conduct clinical trials in China. Our international operations and business may also be subject to less protective intellectual property or other applicable laws, diverse data privacy and protection requirements, changing tax laws and tariffs, trade restrictions or other barriers designed to protect industry in the home country against foreign competition, far-reaching antibribery and anticorruption laws and regulations and/or evolving legal and regulatory environments. For example, recent cross-border data transfer compliance requirements in China, as well as a new DOJ final rule on preventing access to Americans’ bulk sensitive personal data by “countries of concern,” may also impose additional costs of doing business, including costs associated with localizing operations.
38
In response to the ongoing armed conflict in Ukraine, the U.S. government, numerous state governments, the EU and other countries in which we conduct business have imposed a wide range of