for new plants in North Carolina and Ohio.
Cash used in investing activities during 2023 was primarily due to $27.0 billion of net cash used for the purchase of Horizon and $1.1 billion of capital expenditures, partially offset by net cash inflows related to marketable securities of $1.7 billion.
Cash used in investing activities during 2022 was primarily due to our $3.8 billion purchase of ChemoCentryx, net cash outflows related to marketable securities of $1.4 billion and $936 million of capital expenditures.
We currently estimate 2025 investments in capital projects to be approximately $2.3 billion. A majority of the increase in expenditures relates to expansion of manufacturing capacity to enable supply of products and product candidates.
Financing
Cash used in financing activities during 2024 was primarily due to the payment of dividends of $4.8 billion, the repayment and extinguishment of debt of $3.6 billion and $659 million, respectively, and payments to repurchase our common stock of $200 million.
Cash provided by financing activities during 2023 was primarily due to net proceeds from long-term debt issuances of $27.8 billion primarily in connection with the acquisition of Horizon, partially offset by the payment of dividends of $4.6 billion and the repayment and extinguishment of debt of $1.5 billion and $647 million, respectively.
Cash used in financing activities during 2022 was primarily due to payments to repurchase our common stock of $6.4 billion and the payment of dividends of $4.2 billion, partially offset by net proceeds from the issuance of debt of $6.9 billion.
See Part IV—Note 10, Investments; Note 16, Financing arrangements; and Note 17, Stockholders’ equity, to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
75
Capital requirements
We have material cash requirements to pay third parties under various contractual obligations discussed below.
We are obligated to pay interest and repay principal under our various financing arrangements, including amounts under interest rate swap and cross-currency swap contracts related to certain of our long-term debt obligations. For information on scheduled debt maturities and payments under derivative contracts associated with our long-term debt obligations, see Part IV—Note 16, Financing arrangements, and Note 19, Derivative instruments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
We are obligated to make payments for operating leases, including rental commitments on abandoned leases and leases that have not yet commenced. For information on these obligations, see Part IV—Note 14, Leases, to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Under the 2017 Tax Act, we elected to pay in eight annual installments the repatriation tax related primarily to prior indefinitely invested earnings of our foreign operations, of which the final installment will be paid in 2025.
As of December 31, 2024, we have purchase obligations of $5.7 billion primarily related to (i) R&D commitments (including those related to