additional information regarding manufacturing facilities, see Item 2. Properties.
We are expanding our manufacturing capacity and incorporating state-of-the-art technologies, allowing us to optimize our manufacturing network and mitigate risks while continuing to ensure adequate supply of our products to patients worldwide. Our new state-of-the-art biomanufacturing plants, including our facility in North Carolina and FDA-approved facility in Ohio, have been constructed at a lower cost and with greater speed as compared to traditional facilities. For example, our facility in North Carolina has equipment that is portable and smaller, which provides greater flexibility and speed in the manufacture of different medicines simultaneously, allowing us to respond to changing demands for our medicines with increased scale and agility. Furthermore, such state-of-the-art plants incorporate multiple innovative technologies, automation solutions and environmental sustainability into a single facility, thus requiring smaller manufacturing footprints and offering greater environmental benefits, including reduced consumption of water and energy and lower levels of carbon emissions. For example, our facility in North Carolina and our FDA-approved facility in Ohio contain many examples of environmental commitments, including on-site photovoltaic renewable energy generation at both sites. We expect our North Carolina facility’s carbon footprint, water usage and waste disposed to be substantially lower than that of a traditional drug substance manufacturing plant. Similarly, we expect lower carbon footprint, water usage and waste disposed per unit at our Ohio facility as compared to traditional packaging and assembly facilities.
Our internal manufacturing network has commercial production capabilities for bulk manufacturing, formulation, fill, finish, tableting and final device assembly. These activities are performed within the United States and its territory, including in our Puerto Rico, Rhode Island, Ohio and
California facilities, as well as internationally in our Ireland, Netherlands and Singapore facilities. In addition, we use third-party contract manufacturers to supplement the capacity or capability of our commercial manufacturing network.
To support our clinical trials, we manufacture product candidates primarily at our California facilities. We also use third-party contract manufacturers, including contract manufacturers that were added to our clinical manufacturing network from the Horizon acquisition, to supplement the capacity or capability of our overall clinical manufacturing network.
See Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of the factors that could adversely impact our manufacturing operations and the global supply of our products.
Distribution
We operate distribution centers in Puerto Rico, Kentucky, California and the Netherlands for worldwide distribution of the majority of our commercial and clinical products. We also use third-party