Singapore and Ireland, which rely on essential port facilities that may be vulnerable to climate change-related or other natural disasters. Although we have detailed business continuity plans in place and periodic assessments of our natural disaster risk, any natural disaster may also result in prolonged interruption to our critical operational and business activities, and we may be required to incur significant costs to remedy the effects of such natural disasters and fully resume operations, which may result in a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. See
We perform a substantial majority of our commercial manufacturing activities at our facility in the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico and a substantial majority of our clinical manufacturing activities at our facility in Thousand Oaks, California; significant disruptions or production failures at these facilities could significantly impair our ability to supply
52
our products or continue our clinical trials
and
Manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays could limit supply of our products and limit our product sales.
GENERAL RISK FACTORS
Global economic conditions may negatively affect us and may magnify certain risks that affect our business.
Our operations and performance have been, and may continue to be, affected by global economic conditions. The economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic precipitated a global recession, which was followed by high rates of inflation and actions taken by financial regulators to raise interest rates. Instability in the financial system, tighter lending standards and higher interest rates have added stress that may create additional vulnerabilities in the global economy, the effects of which may be of an extended duration. Additionally, with higher interest rates, deficits (including those associated with the pandemic), and other fiscal pressures, governments may be unable to sustain their previously high levels of fiscal spending. Further, in the United States, although Congress has approved stopgap measures to fund the government through early March, the federal government continues to be at risk of a shutdown if legislation providing funding for the fiscal year is not passed as a result of political divisions in Congress and an impasse on budgetary and spending matters. Congress must also reach an agreement to extend the federal debt ceiling in 2025 to avoid default on U.S. government debt, and such negotiation will also likely include a focus on decreasing government spending (which the new Administration and Congressional majorities have indicated will be a priority). Consequently, these and other financial pressures have caused, and may continue to cause, government or other third-party payers to more aggressively seek cost containment measures in healthcare and other settings. See Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and