levels based on the source of inputs as follows:
The availability of observable inputs can vary among the various types of financial assets and liabilities. To the extent that the valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. In certain cases, the inputs used for measuring fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for financial statement disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level of input used that is significant to the overall fair value measurement.
The fair values of each major class of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows (in millions):
F-42
Interest-bearing and equity securities
The fair values of our U.S. Treasury bills are determined by utilizing third-party pricing services, which obtain pricing data from active market makers and brokers. The fair values of our money market mutual funds and equity investments in publicly traded securities, including our equity investments in BeiGene and Neumora, as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, are based on quoted market prices in active markets, with no valuation adjustment
.
Derivatives
All of our foreign currency forward contracts, cross-currency swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts are with counterparties that have minimum credit ratings of A– or equivalent by S&P, Moody’s or Fitch. We estimate the fair values of these contracts by taking into consideration valuations obtained from a third-party valuation service that uses an income-based industry-standard valuation model for which all significant inputs are observable either directly or indirectly. These inputs, as applicable, include foreign currency exchange rates, SOFR, swap rates, obligor credit default swap rates and cross-currency basis swap spreads. Certain inputs, when applicable, are at commonly quoted intervals. See Note 19, Derivative instruments.
Contingent consideration obligations
As a result of our business acquisitions, we have incurred contingent consideration obligations as discussed below. The contingent consideration obligations are recorded at their fair values by using probability-adjusted discounted cash flows, and we revalue these obligations each reporting period until the related contingencies have been resolved. The fair value measurements of these obligations are based on significant unobservable inputs related to licensing rights and product candidates acquired in business combinations, and they are reviewed quarterly by management in our R&D and commercial sales organizations. The inputs include, as applicable, estimated probabilities and the timing of achieving specified development, regulatory and commercial milestones as well as estimated annual sales. Significant changes that increase or