2023, driven by higher amortization expense from acquisition-related assets primarily associated with the Horizon acquisition, higher profit share and royalty expense and changes in our product sales mix, partially offset by the impact of the 2022 Puerto Rico tax law change.
Research and development
The Company groups all of its R&D activities and related expenditures into three categories: (i) research and early pipeline, (ii) later-stage clinical programs and (iii) marketed products. These categories are described below:
70
R&D expense by category was as follows (in millions):
The increase in R&D expense for 2024 was driven by higher spend in later-stage clinical programs and marketed product support, including Horizon-acquired programs. We expect to continue to grow our spend on later-stage clinical programs as we advance our pipeline.
The increase in R&D expense for 2023 was driven by higher spend in later-stage clinical programs and marketed product support, including Horizon-acquired programs.
Selling, general and administrative
The increase in SG&A expense for 2024 was primarily driven by expenses from the acquired Horizon business and other commercial expenses, partially offset by lower acquisition-related expenses related to the Horizon acquisition incurred in 2024.
The increase in SG&A expense for 2023 was primarily driven by acquisition-related expenses, in addition to commercial and general and administrative expenses related to the Horizon acquisition, partially offset by lower spend for other marketed products.
Other
Other operating expenses for 2024 primarily consisted of impairment charges associated with IPR&D intangible assets related to our Teneobio acquisition in 2021 and expenses related to cost-savings initiatives incurred in 2024.
Other operating expenses for 2023 primarily consisted of a net IPR&D intangible asset impairment charge for AMG 340 and expenses related to our restructuring plan that were both initiated and substantially completed in 2023.
Other operating expenses for 2022 primarily consisted of a loss on the divestiture of Gensenta.
Nonoperating expenses/income and income taxes
Nonoperating expenses/income and income taxes were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
Interest expense, net
The increases in Interest expense, net, in 2024 and 2023 over the respective prior years were primarily due to higher average debt outstanding and higher weighted-average fixed and floating interest rates on the debt. See Part IV—Note 16, Financing arrangements, to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Other income (expense), net
The change in Other income (expense), net, for 2024 was primarily due to current year net unrealized losses on our strategic equity investments compared with net unrealized gains in the prior year, as well as reduced interest income as a result of lower average cash balances. The 2023 net unrealized gains on our strategic equity investments were principally composed of amounts recognized on our