2024 and 2023, we had
no
amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program.
In the first quarter of 2023, we amended and restated our syndicated, unsecured, revolving credit agreement, under which we may borrow up to $
4.0
billion for general corporate purposes, including as a liquidity backstop for our commercial paper program. The commitments under the revolving credit agreement may be increased by up to $
1.25
billion with the agreement of the banks. Each bank that is a party to the agreement has an initial commitment term of
five years
. This term may be extended for up to
two
additional
one-year
periods with the agreement of the banks. Annual commitment fees for this agreement are
0.09
% of the unused portion of the facility based on our current credit rating. Generally, we would be charged interest for any amounts borrowed under this facility, based on our current credit rating, at (i) SOFR plus
1.01
% or (ii) the highest of (A) the administrative agent bank base commercial lending rate, (B) the overnight federal funds rate plus
0.50
% or (C) one-month SOFR plus
1.1
%. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023,
no
amounts were outstanding under this facility.
In February 2023, we filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC that allows us to issue unspecified amounts of debt securities; common stock; preferred stock; warrants to purchase debt securities, common stock, preferred stock or depositary
F-39
shares; rights to purchase common stock or preferred stock; securities purchase contracts; securities purchase units; and depositary shares. Under this shelf registration statement, all of the securities available for issuance may be offered from time to time, with terms to be determined at the time of issuance. This shelf registration statement expires in February 2026.
Certain of our financing arrangements contain nonfinancial covenants. In addition, our revolving credit agreement and term loan agreement include a financial covenant, which requires us to maintain a specified minimum interest coverage ratio of (i) the sum of consolidated net income, interest expense, provision for income taxes, depreciation expense, amortization expense, unusual or nonrecurring charges and other noncash items (Consolidated EBITDA) to (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense, each as defined and described in the respective agreements. We were in compliance with all applicable covenants under these arrangements as of December 31, 2024.
Contractual maturities of debt obligations
The aggregate contractual maturities of our debt obligations as of December 31, 2024, were as follows (in millions):
Interest costs
Interest costs are expensed as incurred except to the extent such interest is related to construction in progress, in which case interest is capitalized. Interest costs capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, were not material. Interest paid, including the ongoing impact of interest rate and cross-currency swap contracts, during the