global Phase 3 DeLLphi-304 clinical trial evaluating IMDELLTRA as a treatment for patients with small cell lung cancer (SCLC) who progressed on or after a single line of platinum-based chemotherapy met its primary endpoint at a planned interim analysis. IMDELLTRA demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in overall survival (OS) compared to local standard-of-care (SOC) chemotherapy. The safety profile for IMDELLTRA was consistent with its known profile.
27
Selected financial information
The following is an overview of our results of operations (in millions, except percentages and per-share data):
* Change in excess of 100%
In the following discussion of changes in product sales, any reference to unit demand growth or decline refers to changes in purchases of our products by healthcare providers (such as physicians or their clinics), dialysis centers, hospitals and pharmacies. In addition, any reference to increases or decreases in inventory refers to changes in inventory held by wholesaler customers and end users (such as pharmacies) as may be noted.
Total product sales increased 11% for the three months ended March 31, 2025, primarily driven by volume growth of 14%, partially offset by declines in net selling price of 6%.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, U.S. volume grew 16% and ROW volume grew 11%, driven by volume growth in certain brands, including Repatha, WEZLANA/WEZENLA, Prolia, BLINCYTO, TEZSPIRE and EVENITY.
For the remainder of 2025, we expect volume growth from certain brands to be partially offset by net selling price declines.
Uncertain macroeconomic conditions, including uncertainty around tariffs and trade production measures and ongoing geopolitical conflicts, and changes in the healthcare ecosystem have the potential to introduce variability into product sales. Furthermore, product sales continue to be impacted by actions from governments and other entities to curb high inflation, provisions of the IRA, inappropriate expanded utilization of the 340B Program and growth in numbers of Medicaid enrollees and uninsured individuals. See Part I, Item 1. Business—Reimbursement, and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024; and Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Other revenues decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2025, driven by lower corporate partner revenue.
Operating expenses increased for the three months ended March 31, 2025, driven by the Otezla intangible asset impairment charge, partially offset by lower amortization expense from the fair value step-up of inventory acquired from Horizon. See Note 8, Goodwill and other intangible assets, to the condensed consolidated financial statements, for additional information related to the Otezla intangible asset impairment charge.
28
Results of operations
Product sales
Worldwide product sales were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):