programs, including leadership development programs, classroom-based and virtual instructor-led courses, and self-paced learning options as well as mentoring, networking and coaching opportunities.
Our benefit programs are generally broad-based, promote health and overall well-being and emphasize saving for retirement. All regular U.S. staff members are eligible to participate in the same core health and welfare and retirement savings plans. Other U.S. employee benefits include adoption assistance, paid parental leave programs, access to childcare, employee assistance programs, employee stock purchase plan, flexible spending accounts, life insurance, long-term care and business travel accident insurance, short and long-term disability benefits, wellness benefits and work-life resources and referrals. Comparable programs and benefits are available globally, with the same health and well-being intent, and consistent with local statutory requirements.
Our Compensation and Management Development Committee provides oversight of our compensation plans, policies and programs.
Total Workforce Health
Creating a safe and healthy workplace for our staff is an important priority at Amgen. Our goal is to have a world class safety record through safety leadership, engaged staff, risk management practices and integrating safety throughout our business processes. We provide job-specific safety training tailored to each role, and to foster our safety culture, we implement a comprehensive safety program and reinforce desired safety behaviors, driving to understand and mitigate the root cause of
24
safety incidents and manage and control variability. We track injuries and near-miss incidents through our incident tracking system, and we use leading indicators to assess the effectiveness of our safety programs and make course corrections as needed. Additionally, we perform formal executive management review of functional safety performance for Operations, Global Commercial Operations and R&D on a quarterly basis with a focus on identifying early signals and taking action to drive continuous improvement.
Our CRCC provides general oversight of our safety programs and initiatives.
Culture
We believe that an inclusive culture helps attract and retain a strong and engaged workforce informed by the varied backgrounds and experiences represented, which fosters innovation, collaboration and productivity as we execute on our mission to serve patients. A cross-functional, executive-level council composed of the CEO and his direct reports is responsible for overseeing our strategy to further an inclusive workplace. We offer a variety of learning programs and have continued to launch enhanced resources and data analytic tools that guide staff and our leadership on the role they play in creating an inclusive culture.
In our effort to attract and retain the best talent, we seek out and support talent across the globe. As part of our multidimensional hiring and talent development