LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS
LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS is a KRAS
G12C
small molecule inhibitor. It is being investigated in NSCLC, colorectal cancer and other solid tumor cancers.
Maridebart cafraglutide
MariTide is a differentiated peptide-antibody conjugate that activates the glucagon like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor and antagonizes gastric inhibitory polypeptide receptor (GIPR). It is being investigated for the treatment of obesity and type 2 diabetes. See Significant Developments for additional information regarding clinical trial updates.
Nplate
Nplate is a thrombopoietin receptor agonist (TPO-RA). It is being investigated for the treatment of chemotherapy-induced thrombocytopenia (CIT).
Olpasiran
Olpasiran is a small interfering RNA (siRNA) that lowers lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)). It is being investigated in phase 3 for the treatment of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD).
Ordesekimab
Ordesekimab is a monoclonal antibody that inhibits the action of IL-15. It is being investigated for the treatment of celiac disease and is being developed in collaboration with Provention Bio, Inc.
Otezla
Otezla is a small molecule that inhibits PDE4. It is being investigated in phase 3 studies for the treatment of palmoplantar pustulosis.
Repatha
Repatha
is a human monoclonal antibody that inhibits PCSK9. It is being investigated in patients at high cardiovascular risk without a prior myocardial infarction or stroke.
Rocatinlimab
Rocatinlimab is a monoclonal antibody that inhibits OX-40. It is being investigated in phase 3 studies for the treatment of moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis and prurigo nodularis. It is also being investigated in a phase 2 study for the treatment of moderate-to-severe asthma. Rocatinlimab is being developed in collaboration with Kyowa Kirin. See Significant Developments for additional information regarding clinical trial updates.
21
TEPEZZA
TEPEZZA is a monoclonal antibody against IGF-1R. It is being investigated in phase 3 studies for subcutaneous administration for the treatment of TED and chronic/low clinical activity score (CAS) TED in Japan.
TEZSPIRE
TEZSPIRE is a human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the action of thymic stromal lymphopoietin. It is being evaluated in phase 3 studies as a treatment for chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP), eosinophilic esophagitis and severe asthma. It is also being investigated in phase 2 studies as a treatment for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). TEZSPIRE is being developed in collaboration with AstraZeneca. See Significant Developments for additional information regarding clinical trial updates.
UPLIZNA
UPLIZNA is a humanized, affinity-optimized, afucosylated IgG1 kappa (IgG1κ) monoclonal antibody that binds to the B cell-specific surface antigen CD19. It is being investigated in phase 3 studies for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis and flares in patients with IgG4-related disease. See Significant Developments for additional information regarding clinical