increasingly difficult, time-consuming and costly. Legislative bodies or regulatory agencies could enact new laws or regulations, change existing laws or regulations or change their interpretations of laws or regulations at any time, which could affect our ability to obtain or maintain approval of our products or product candidates. The rate and degree of change in existing laws and regulations and regulatory expectations have accelerated in established markets, and regulatory expectations continue to evolve in emerging markets.
We are unable to
46
predict whether and when any further changes to laws or regulatory policies affecting our business could occur, such as changes to laws or regulations governing manufacturer communications concerning drug products and drug product candidates and whether such changes could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. Further, we are reliant on regulators having the resources necessary to evaluate and approve our products. In the United States, a partial federal government shutdown halted the work of many federal agencies and their employees from late December 2018 through late January 2019. A subsequent extended shutdown or, pursuant to the new Administration’s actions in early 2025 to freeze or reduce the federal workforce, significant reductions of, or disruptions to, staffing and resources available to government agencies could result in reductions or delays of FDA’s activities, including with respect to our ongoing clinical programs, our manufacturing of our products and product candidates and our product approvals.
Recent initiatives to reduce the size and budgets of government agencies, including the HHS, FDA and NIH, may adversely impact our operations. In particular, reductions in staffing and resources at the FDA could result in delays in regulatory review timelines and marketing approvals. The FDA may also have limited capacity to engage in pre-approval or guidance meetings or meetings to negotiate labeling or post-marketing commitments. Further, reductions in communication and policymaking roles has reduced the transparency of agency actions. Additionally, any funding reductions and caps on research overhead costs imposed on the NIH and its programs may result in grant funding cutbacks for scientific and disease-related research at academic institutions and research centers, and such reductions, over the longer term, may slow the overall discovery and development of new therapies and/or slow or interrupt the flow of innovation into the pharmaceutical development pipeline. These developments and others associated with the reduction of personnel and budgets at the regulatory agencies that oversee our industry and operations may adversely affect our business activities, including our ongoing and future clinical research and drug development programs, research collaborations, manufacturing activities and regulatory submissions.
Regulatory authorities