allocation model. Under this model, the cost of the acquisition is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. IPR&D projects with no alternative future use are recorded in R&D expense upon acquisition, and contingent consideration obligations incurred in connection with an asset acquisition are recorded when it is probable that they will occur and they can be reasonably estimated. See Note 4, Acquisitions and divestitures, and Note 18, Fair value measurement.
Cash equivalents
We consider cash equivalents to be only those investments that are highly liquid, that are readily convertible to cash and that mature within three months from the date of purchase.
F-11
Interest-bearing securities
We consider our interest-bearing securities investment portfolio as available-for-sale, and accordingly, these investments are recorded at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses recorded in AOCI. Investments with maturities beyond one year may be classified as short-term marketable securities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets due to their highly liquid nature and because they represent the Company’s investments that are available for current operations. See Note 10, Investments, and Note 18, Fair value measurement.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost, which includes amounts related to materials, labor and overhead, is determined in a manner that approximates the first-in, first-out method. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. See Note 11, Inventories.
Derivatives
We recognize all of our derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether the derivative has been formally designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship under the applicable accounting standards and, further, on the type of hedging relationship. For derivatives formally designated as hedges, we assess both at inception and quarterly thereafter whether the hedging derivatives are highly effective in offsetting changes in either the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item. Our derivatives that are not designated and do not qualify as hedges are adjusted to fair value through current earnings. See Note 18, Fair value measurement, and Note 19, Derivative instruments.
Property, plant and equipment, net
Property, plant and equipment is recorded at historical cost, net of accumulated depreciation, amortization and, if applicable, impairment charges. We review our property, plant and equipment assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Depreciation is recorded over the assets’ useful lives on a straight-line basis. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-