reasonably estimated. We evaluate, on a quarterly basis, developments in legal proceedings and other matters that could cause an increase or decrease in the amount of the liability that has been accrued previously.
Our legal proceedings involve various aspects of our business and a variety of claims, some of which present novel factual allegations and/or unique legal theories. In each of the matters described in this filing; and in Note 20, Contingencies and commitments, to the consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, in which we could incur a liability, our opponents seek an award of a not-yet-quantified amount of damages or an amount that is not material. In addition, a number of the matters pending against us are at very early stages of the legal process, which in complex proceedings of the sort we face often extend for several years. As a result, none of the matters described in this filing; and in Note 20, Contingencies and commitments, to the consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, in which we could incur a liability, have progressed sufficiently through discovery and/or the development of important factual information and legal issues to enable us to estimate a range of possible loss, if any, or such amounts are not material. While it is not possible to accurately predict or determine the eventual outcomes of these matters, an adverse determination in one or more of these matters currently pending could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
Certain recent developments concerning our legal proceedings and other matters are discussed below.
Repatha Patent Litigation
Unified Patent Court of the European Union (UPC)
On February 25, 2025, a hearing on the validity and infringement of European Patent No. 3,536,712 (the EP’712 Patent), which Sanofi Biotechnology SAS licensed from Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Regeneron), was held before the Dusseldorf Local Division of the UPC. The parties await the decision of the court.
On February 28, 2025, Sanofi and Regeneron filed the Statement of Case on European Patent No. 4,252,857.
On April 17, 2025, the Court of Appeals of the UPC canceled the oral hearing scheduled for May 22, 2025 on the appeal of the decision by the Central Division of the UPC to revoke Amgen’s European Patent No. 3,666,797 (the EP’797 Patent). This hearing will be rescheduled, and the parties have been invited to comment on the written decision of the European Patent Office Opposition Division rejecting Sanofi-Aventis and Regeneron’s opposition and concluding that the claims of the EP’797 Patent are valid.
23
European Patent Office
On March 12, 2025, following a hearing on Amgen’s opposition to Regeneron’s EP’712 Patent, the Opposition Division determined that the claims of the EP’712 Patent are valid, and issued its written