liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws. Deferred income taxes are recorded for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the bases of assets and liabilities, as well as for loss and tax credit carryforwards for financial reporting purposes and amounts recognized for income tax purposes. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount of future tax benefit that is more likely than not to be realized.
We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by tax authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit recognized in the consolidated financial statements for a particular tax position is based on the largest benefit that is more likely than not to be realized. The amount of UTBs is adjusted as appropriate for changes in facts and circumstances, such as significant amendments to existing tax law, new regulations or interpretations by tax authorities, new information obtained during a tax examination or resolution of an examination. We recognize both accrued interest and penalties, when appropriate, related to UTBs in income tax expense. See Note 7, Income taxes.
Amgen is subject to current U.S. minimum tax on foreign subsidiaries. Based on our election beginning in 2022, we have established deferred taxes with respect to the U.S. minimum tax on the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. This requires us to recognize deferred taxes for temporary basis differences expected to reverse as global intangible low-taxed income in future years. These are ongoing adjustments that are likely to occur in the future.
Acquisitions
We first determine whether a set of assets acquired constitutes a business and should be accounted for as a business combination. If the assets acquired do not constitute a business, we account for the transaction as an asset acquisition. Business combinations are accounted for by means of the acquisition method of accounting. Under the acquisition method, assets acquired, including IPR&D projects, and liabilities assumed are recorded in our consolidated financial statements at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Contingent consideration obligations incurred in connection with a business combination, including the assumption of an acquiree’s liability arising from an acquisition it consummated prior to our acquisition, are recorded at their fair values on the acquisition date and remeasured at their fair values each subsequent reporting period until the related contingencies have been resolved. The resulting changes in fair values are recorded in earnings. In contrast, asset acquisitions are accounted for by using a cost accumulation and