our common stock on the grant date, and the related number of shares granted is fixed at that point in time. Awards expire
10
years from the date of grant. We use the Black–Scholes option valuation model to estimate the grant date fair value of stock options.
The weighted-average assumptions used in the option valuation model and the resulting weighted-average grant date fair values of stock options granted were as follows:
The following table summarizes information regarding our stock options:
The total intrinsic values of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, were $
70
million, $
33
million and $
67
million, respectively. The actual tax benefits realized from tax deductions from option exercises during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, were $
15
million, $
7
million and $
14
million, respectively.
As of December 31, 2024, $
510
million of unrecognized compensation cost was related to nonvested RSUs and unvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
1.8
years.
F-22
Performance units
Certain management-level employees also receive annual grants of performance units, which give the recipient the right to receive common stock that is contingent upon achievement of specified preestablished goals over the performance period, which is generally
three years
. The performance goals for the units granted during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, which are accounted for as equity awards, are based on (i) Amgen’s total stockholder return compared with a comparator group of companies, which are considered market conditions and are therefore reflected in the grant date fair values of the units, and (ii) Amgen’s stand-alone financial performance measures, which are considered performance conditions. The expense recognized for awards is based on the grant date fair value of a unit multiplied by the number of units expected to be earned with respect to the related performance conditions, net of estimated forfeitures. Depending on the outcome of these performance goals, a recipient may ultimately earn a number of units greater or less than the number of units granted. Shares of our common stock are issued on a
one
-for-one basis for each performance unit earned. In general, performance unit awards vest at the end of the performance period. The performance award program provides for accelerated or continued vesting in certain circumstances as defined in the plan, including upon death, disability, a change in control and retirement of employees who meet certain service and/or age requirements. Performance units accrue dividend equivalents that are typically payable in shares only when and to the extent the underlying performance units vest and are issued to the recipient, including with respect to market and performance conditions that affect the number of performance units earned.
We use a payout simulation model to estimate the grant date fair value