(IgG4-RD). The trial met its primary endpoint, showing a statistically significant 87% reduction in the risk of IgG4-RD flare compared to placebo during the 52-week placebo-controlled period. All key secondary endpoints were also met, which were annualized flare rate; flare-free, treatment-free complete remission; and flare-free, corticosteroid-free complete remission. No new safety signals were identified. The FDA has accepted our submission under priority review, with a Prescription Drug User Fee Action (PDUFA) date of April 3, 2025.
In September 2024, we announced top-line results of the Phase 3 MINT trial of UPLIZNA. MINT is a Phase 3, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial assessing the efficacy and safety of UPLIZNA in patients with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG). The trial met its primary endpoint, with a statistically significant change from baseline in Myasthenia Gravis Activities of Daily Living (MG-ADL) score for UPLIZNA compared with placebo at week 26 of the combined patient population. UPLIZNA demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful change from baseline compared to placebo for four out of five key secondary endpoints. Overall safety results during the placebo-controlled period of the trial were consistent with the known safety profile of UPLIZNA.
Rocatinlimab
In September 2024, we announced top-line results of the Phase 3 ROCKET HORIZON trial of rocatinlimab, an investigational therapy targeting the OX40 receptor and one of eight studies in the rocatinlimab Phase 3 clinical trial program for atopic dermatitis. HORIZON, a Phase 3, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial assessing the efficacy, safety and tolerability of rocatinlimab monotherapy in adults with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis, met its co-primary endpoints and reached statistically significant difference from placebo for all key secondary endpoints. Overall safety findings in the study were comparable to those seen in the Phase 2b study. Rocatinlimab is being developed in collaboration with Kyowa Kirin.
TEZSPIRE
In November 2024, we announced positive top-line results from the Phase 3 WAYPOINT trial, a double-blind, multi-center, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel group trial designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of TEZSPIRE in adults with severe chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP). The trial demonstrated patients treated with TEZSPIRE had a statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction in the size of nasal polyps and reduced nasal congestion compared to placebo with safety and tolerability profiles consistent with the known profile of the medicine. TEZSPIRE is being developed in collaboration with AstraZeneca.
Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products
The largest concentration of our sales and marketing forces is based in the United States and Europe. We also commercialize and market our products into other geographic territories, including Japan, China