stock for the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 6% over the same period in the prior year, which was paid in March 2025. In March 2025, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $2.38 per share of common stock to be paid in June 2025.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we did not repurchase shares under our stock repurchase program. As of March 31, 2025, $6.8 billion of authorization remained available under the stock repurchase program.
As a result of stock repurchases and quarterly dividend payments, we have an accumulated deficit as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. Our accumulated deficit is not anticipated to affect our future ability to operate, repurchase stock, pay dividends or repay our debt given our expected continued profitability and strong financial position.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, debt repayments totaled $2.5 billion, compared to no debt repayments during the same period in the prior year. In addition, we opportunistically repurchase our debt when market conditions are favorable. During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we repurchased aggregate principal amounts of our debt of $414 million and $544 million, respectively, for aggregate costs of $301 million and $410 million, respectively, which resulted in the recognition of gains on extinguishment of debt of $111 million and $133 million respectively, recorded in Other income (expense), net, in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss).
We believe that existing funds, cash generated from operations and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditure and debt service requirements, as well as our plans to reduce debt, pay dividends and repurchase stock, and other business initiatives we plan to strategically pursue, including acquisitions and licensing activities. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities, borrowings through commercial paper and/or syndicated credit facilities and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets and equity markets. See our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors—
Global economic conditions may negatively affect us and may magnify certain risks that affect our business.
Certain of our financing arrangements contain nonfinancial covenants. In addition, our revolving credit agreement and term loan credit agreement include a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a specified minimum interest coverage ratio of (i) the sum of consolidated net income, interest expense, provision for income taxes, depreciation expense, amortization expense, unusual or nonrecurring charges and other noncash items (consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) to (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense, each as defined and described in the