the three months ended March 31, 2025, to the information provided in Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, except as related to our market-price sensitive financial instruments disclosed below.
Market-price-sensitive financial instruments
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we were exposed to price risk on equity securities included in our portfolio of investments, which were acquired primarily for the promotion of business and strategic objectives. These investments include our investments in BeiGene and Neumora, as well as other publicly and privately held small-capitalization stocks and limited partnerships that invest in early-stage biotechnology companies. A 20% decrease in the aggregate value of our equity investment portfolio as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, would result in losses in fair value of approximately $1.2 billion and $950 million, respectively.
We maintain “disclosure controls and procedures,” as such term is defined under the Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Amgen’s Exchange Act reports gets recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms and that such information gets accumulated and communicated to Amgen’s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to facilitate timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, Amgen’s management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and in reaching a reasonable level of assurance, Amgen’s management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost–benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. We carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including Amgen’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of Amgen’s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on their evaluation and subject to the foregoing, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31, 2025.
Management determined that as of March 31, 2025, no changes in our internal control over financial reporting had occurred during the fiscal quarter then ended that materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.
39
PART II — OTHER INFORMATION
See Part I—Note 13, Contingencies and commitments, to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2025, for