and Amgen’s independent Board members. The DM Cohen Derivative Action was filed in the same court as the earlier filed Roofers securities class action and the Consolidated Action. The complaint asserts claims for violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, breach of fiduciary duty, waste of corporate assets and unjust enrichment.
The factual allegations that form the basis for the claims in the Consolidated Action and the DM Cohen Derivative Action are essentially the same as the allegations asserted in the Roofers securities class action regarding purportedly false and misleading statements and omissions made from July 29, 2020 through April 27, 2022 relating to Amgen’s tax liabilities, business and finances, and the adequacy and maintenance of its internal controls.
Shareholder Derivative Actions (Hamilton, Blackburn, Bryla)
On October 16, 2024, David Hamilton filed a derivative action in the Delaware Court of Chancery purportedly on behalf of Amgen, against nominal defendant Amgen, Robert Bradway, Peter Griffith and Amgen’s Board members during the relevant time period (the Hamilton Derivative Action). The complaint in this matter alleges claims for breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment.
On November 7, 2024, Charles Blackburn filed a derivative action in the Delaware Court of Chancery purportedly on behalf of Amgen, against nominal defendant Amgen, Robert Bradway, Peter Griffith and Amgen’s Board members during the relevant time period (the Blackburn Derivative Action). The complaint alleges a claim for breach of fiduciary duty.
On December 6, 2024, Robert Bryla filed a derivative action in the Delaware Court of Chancery purportedly on behalf of Amgen, against nominal defendant Amgen, Robert Bradway, Peter Griffith and Amgen’s Board members during the relevant time period (the Bryla Derivative Action). The complaint alleges claims for breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment.
The factual allegations that form the basis for the claims in the Hamilton Derivative Action, Blackburn Derivative Action and Bryla Derivative Action are fundamentally the same as those asserted by the Roofers Local No. 149 Pension Fund on March 13, 2023 (alleging false and misleading statements and omissions made from July 29, 2020 through April 27, 2022 relating to Amgen’s tax liabilities, business and finances, and the adequacy and maintenance of its internal controls).
ChemoCentryx, Inc. Securities Matters
On May 5 and June 8 of 2021, ChemoCentryx and its Chief Executive Officer were named as defendants in
two
putative shareholder class actions filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (Northern District Court of California). These cases were consolidated into
Homyk v. ChemoCentryx, Inc.
in which the plaintiffs allege violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act in connection with statements regarding the New Drug Application for TAVNEOS and the underlying Phase 3 clinical trial, seeking an