medicines at all stages of development.
Our principal products are Prolia, ENBREL, XGEVA, Repatha, Otezla, TEPEZZA, EVENITY, KYPROLIS, Nplate, Aranesp, BLINCYTO, KRYSTEXXA, Vectibix and TEZSPIRE. We also market a number of other products, including but not limited to AMJEVITA/AMGEVITA, MVASI, Neulasta, RAVICTI, UPLIZNA, Parsabiv, LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS, Aimovig, TAVNEOS, PROCYSBI, EPOGEN and IMDELLTRA. For additional information about our products, see Part I, Item 1. Business—Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products.
Our strategy is the integrated set of actions we take to improve our competitive position in the industry. In 2024, we advanced our innovative pipeline; generated strong sales growth across our product portfolio and regions; and expanded our world-class manufacturing network. We accomplished these objectives while maintaining a strategic and disciplined approach to capital allocation.
We received regulatory approvals for BLINCYTO in CD19-positive Philadelphia chromosome-negative B-ALL and IMDELLTRA in extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) and reported five Phase 3 data readouts, including for BLINCYTO, UPLIZNA, rocatinlimab and TEZSPIRE, as well as MariTide Phase 2 top-line results. For more information on our pipeline and clinical development updates, see Part I, Item 1. Business—Research and Development and Selected Product Candidates, and Part I, Item 1. Business—Significant Developments.
Total product sales increased in 2024, primarily driven by volume growth of 23%, partially offset by declines in net selling price of 2%. Product sales from acquired Horizon products contributed $4.2 billion in 2024 compared to $954 million in 2023, with volume growth from our other brands of 11%.
Cash flows from operating activities in 2024 totaled $11.5 billion, which supported investment in our business, including capital expenditures of $1.1 billion to enhance and expand our manufacturing network, and allowed us to both reduce our debt outstanding and return capital to shareholders through the payment of cash dividends. For 2024, we increased our quarterly cash dividend by 6% to $2.25 per share of common stock. In December 2024, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of
61
$2.38 per share of common stock for the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 6% over the same period in the prior year, to be paid in March 2025.
Amgen’s approach to and investment in human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, developing and retaining talent to tackle the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative medicines. Our compensation, benefits and development programs are designed to encourage performance, promote accountability and adherence to Company values, and align with the interests of the Company’s shareholders. In our effort to attract and retain the best talent, we seek out and support talent across the globe. Further, we believe