medicines are designed to treat, as well as successfully identifying target patients and educating them about our treatments. We may also face greater than expected challenges associated with rare disease drug development (such as challenges obtaining patients for clinical trials and/or regulatory approvals) and reimbursement (such as obtaining reimbursement of orphan drugs by public health systems). We are in the process of completing the integration of the Horizon business into ours, including a number of complex operational and administrative systems, including with respect to information and information security systems and supply chain systems and third party relationships (including vendors and third party manufacturers). For example, Horizon adds more than 30 contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs) to our operations, many of which are single source suppliers (including the CMO that produces TEPEZZA drug substance and the CMO that produces all of our KRYSTEXXA drug substance in Israel that is affected by the current conflict in Israel and Gaza). Business integrations generally, and our integration of Horizon specifically, are complex, time consuming and expensive, and we may experience unanticipated costs, delays or other operational or financial challenges. These integration efforts may also divert our management’s attention and resources away from other business operations, which may disrupt to some degree our ongoing business. Failure to successfully fully integrate the Horizon business into ours and/or achieve its anticipated strategic benefits may result in our incurring significant asset impairment or restructuring charges, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and stock price.
A breakdown of our information technology systems, cyberattack or information security breach could significantly compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information technology systems, network-connected control systems and/or our data, interrupt the operation of our business and/or affect our reputation.
To achieve our business objectives, we rely on sophisticated information technology systems, including hardware, software, technology infrastructure, online sites and networks for both internal and external operations, mobile applications, cloud services and network-connected control systems, some of which are managed, hosted, provided or serviced by third parties. Internal or external events that compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems and data may significantly interrupt the operation of our business, result in significant costs and/or adversely affect our reputation.
Our information technology systems are highly integrated into our business, including our R&D efforts, our clinical and commercial manufacturing processes and our product sales and distribution processes. Further, as the majority of our employees work remotely for some portion of their jobs