BeiGene investment in the first quarter of 2023 as a result of a change from the equity method of accounting to recording this investment at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. See Part IV—Note 10, Investments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
71
The change in Other income (expense), net, for 2023    was primarily due to gains recognized in connection with recording our BeiGene investment at fair value and an increase in interest income due to higher average cash balances and higher interest rates as compared to the prior year.
Income taxes
The decrease in our effective tax rate for 2024 compared with 2023 was primarily due to a change in earnings mix, including the net unrealized impact of our strategic equity investments, partially offset by the deferred tax adjustments associated with U.S. minimum tax on the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries.
As previously reported, the OECD reached an agreement to align countries on a minimum corporate tax rate and an expansion of the taxing rights of market countries. As of January 1, 2025, select individual countries, including the United Kingdom, EU member countries and Singapore, have enacted the global minimum tax agreement. Our legal entities in the countries that have enacted the agreement, along with their direct and indirect subsidiaries, are now subject to a 15% minimum tax rate on adjusted financial statement income. Other countries, including the United States and the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, have not yet enacted the OECD agreement and implementation remains highly uncertain. The continued enactment of the agreement, either by all OECD participants or unilaterally by individual countries, could result in tax increases or double taxation in the United States or foreign jurisdictions.
A 2022 Puerto Rico tax law change replaced the excise tax with an income tax, beginning in 2023. As of January 1, 2023, we are no longer subject to a 4% excise tax in the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico on the gross intercompany purchase price of goods and services from our manufacturer in Puerto Rico. We qualify for and are subject to the alternative income tax rate on industrial development income of our Puerto Rico affiliate. In the United States, this income tax qualifies for foreign tax credits under the U.S. Treasury final foreign tax credit regulations. See Part IV—Note 7, Income taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.
In 2017, we received an RAR and a modified RAR from the IRS for the years 2010–2012, proposing significant adjustments that primarily relate to the allocation of profits between certain of our entities in the United States and the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico. We disagreed with the proposed adjustments and calculations and pursued resolution with the IRS appeals office but were unable to reach resolution. In July 2021, we filed a petition in the U.S. Tax Court to contest two duplicate Statutory Notices of Deficiency