implementation of new financial systems and key controls and governance designed to address cybersecurity risks associated with the use of such new financial systems.
Our management team, including our CIO and CISO, supervises efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which may include briefings from internal information security personnel; threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us; and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in the information systems environment.
Our
CISO
, who heads our CDT team and is accountable for the Company’s cybersecurity risk management program, joined the Company’s information systems organization in 2016, is a Certified Information Systems Security Professional and is certified in risk and information systems control.
Previously, our CISO served in both leadership and operational positions as a cybersecurity professional in the U.S. government and was a cybersecurity consultant, providing a wide range of cybersecurity services to various U.S. government agencies and departments.
Our CISO is overseen by our CIO, who has 27 years of experience in information systems (including over 14 years at the Company and more than 6 years as a senior technology executive outside of Amgen), and holds a Computer Information Systems B.S. and an Information Technology Management MBA.
Our Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer (CTO) leads our ATMOS function and oversees our CIO.
As leaders of the Technology and CDT functions within ATMOS, respectively, the Company’s CIO and CISO are informed about and monitor significant cybersecurity threats and incidents through the Company’s internal cybersecurity reporting structure. Our CDT team is responsible for monitoring and detecting cybersecurity threats and incidents. Our CDT team, overseen by our CISO, is also responsible for the mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. When members of the CDT team detect a cybersecurity threat or incident or are made aware of a cybersecurity incident encountered by a third-party service provider, the discovery is communicated to the Incident Response team, which includes our CISO and other senior members of the CDT function. The Incident Response team evaluates the severity of the cybersecurity threat or incident and shares its findings with our CISO.
Our CISO and/or his senior team leaders, in addition to our CIO and CTO, also provide regular reports to executives leading our Finance, Compliance, Law and Human Resources functions on potentially significant cybersecurity incidents and the progress made towards mitigation and remediation of those incidents. These leaders oversee reporting to our CRCC and Audit Committee, and reporting of such cybersecurity incidents is included in the course of regular meetings of such committees.
Additionally, in