locations in which the Company has significant manufacturing operations, including Singapore, Ireland and Puerto Rico, a territory of the United States that is treated as a foreign jurisdiction for U.S. tax purposes. Our operations in Puerto Rico are subject to tax incentive grants through 2050 and the Company’s operations in Singapore are subject to a tax incentive grant through 2036. Effective January 1, 2024, selected individual countries, including the United Kingdom and EU member countries, have enacted the global minimum tax agreement. Additional countries, including Singapore, enacted the minimum tax agreement effective
January 1, 2025. Singapore’s enactment of the agreement applies irrespective of the Company’s incentive grant. Our legal entities in such countries, along with their direct and indirect subsidiaries, are now subject to a 15% minimum tax rate on adjusted financial statement income. Our foreign earnings are also subject to U.S. tax at a reduced rate of 10.5%.
One or more of our legal entities file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various U.S. state jurisdictions and certain foreign jurisdictions. Our income tax returns are routinely examined by tax authorities in those jurisdictions. Significant disputes can arise and have arisen with tax authorities involving issues regarding the timing and amount of deductions, the use of tax credits and allocations of income and expenses among various tax jurisdictions because of differing interpretations of tax laws, regulations and relevant facts. Tax authorities, including the IRS, are becoming more aggressive and are particularly focused on such matters.
In 2017, we received an RAR and a modified RAR from the IRS for the years 2010–2012, proposing significant adjustments that primarily relate to the allocation of profits between certain of our entities in the United States and the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico. We disagreed with the proposed adjustments and calculations and pursued resolution with the IRS appeals office, but were unable to reach a resolution. In July 2021, we filed a petition in the U.S. Tax Court to contest
two
duplicate Statutory Notices of Deficiency (Notices) for the years 2010–2012 that we received in May and July 2021, which seek to increase our U.S. taxable income for the years 2010–2012 by an amount that would result in additional federal tax of approximately $
3.6
billion, plus interest. Any additional tax that could be imposed for the years 2010–2012 would be reduced by up to approximately $
900
million of repatriation tax previously accrued on our foreign earnings.
In 2020, we received an RAR and a modified RAR from the IRS for the years 2013–2015, also proposing significant adjustments that primarily relate to the allocation of profits between certain of our entities in the United States and the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico similar to those proposed for the years 2010–2012. We disagreed with the proposed adjustments and calculations and