the value of the U.S. dollar compared with foreign currencies, predominantly the euro. Increases and decreases in our international product sales from movements in foreign currency exchange rates are partially offset by corresponding increases or decreases in our international operating expenses. Increases and decreases in our foreign-currency-denominated assets from movements in foreign currency exchange rates are partially
81
offset by corresponding increases or decreases in our foreign-currency-denominated liabilities. To further reduce our net exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on our results of operations, we enter into foreign currency forward and cross-currency swap contracts.
As of December 31, 2024, we had outstanding euro- and pound-sterling-denominated debt with both a principal carrying value and a fair value of $2.2 billion. As of December 31, 2023, we had outstanding euro- and pound-sterling-denominated debt with both a principal carrying value and a fair value of $2.3 billion. A hypothetical 20% adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates compared with the U.S. dollar relative to exchange rates as of December 31, 2024, would have resulted in an increase in fair value of this debt of approximately $440 million on this date and a reduction in income in the ensuing year of approximately $450 million. A hypothetical 20% adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates compared with the U.S. dollar relative to exchange rates as of December 31, 2023, would have resulted in an increase in fair value of this debt of $460 million on this date and a reduction in income in the ensuing year of $470 million. The impact on income from these hypothetical changes in foreign currency exchange rates would be substantially offset by the impact such changes would have on related cross-currency swap contracts, which are in place for the related foreign-currency-denominated debt.
We have cross-currency swap contracts that are designated as cash flow hedges of our debt denominated in euros and pounds sterling with aggregate notional amounts of $2.7 billion as of both December 31, 2024 and 2023. A hypothetical 20% adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates compared with the U.S. dollar relative to exchange rates on these dates would have resulted in reductions in the fair values of these contracts of approximately $450 million and $480 million on these dates, respectively. The impact of this hypothetical adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates on ensuing years’ income from these contracts would be fully offset by corresponding hypothetical changes in the carrying amounts of the related hedged debt.
We enter into foreign currency forward contracts that are designated for accounting purposes as cash flow hedges of certain anticipated foreign currency transactions. As of December 31, 2024, the fair values of these contracts were a $420 million asset and an $8 million
liability. As of December 31, 2023, the