revenues from the completed product similar to how the acquisition date fair value of the project was determined, as described above. There are often major risks and uncertainties associated with IPR&D projects as we are required to obtain regulatory approvals in order to be able to market these products. Such approvals require completing clinical trials that demonstrate a product candidate is safe and effective. Consequently, the eventual realized value of the acquired IPR&D project may vary from its fair value at the date of acquisition, and IPR&D impairment charges may occur in future periods which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
We believe our estimations of future cash flows used for assessing impairment of long-lived assets are based on reasonable assumptions given the facts and circumstances as of the related dates of the assessments.
80
Recently Issued Accounting Standards
See Part IV—Note 1, Summary of significant accounting policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements.
We are exposed to market risks that may result from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and prices of equity instruments as well as changes in general economic conditions in the countries where we conduct business. To reduce certain of these risks, we enter into various types of foreign currency and interest rate derivative hedging transactions as part of our risk management program. We do not use derivatives for speculative trading purposes.
In the discussion that follows, we assumed a hypothetical change in interest rates of 100 basis points from those as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. Except as noted below, we also assumed a hypothetical 20% change in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar based on its position relative to other currencies as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Interest-rate-sensitive financial instruments
Our portfolio of available-for-sale investments as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, was composed almost entirely of U.S. Treasury securities and money market mutual funds. The fair values of our available-for-sale investments were $11.5 billion and $10.4 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Duration is a sensitivity measure that can be used to approximate the change in the value of a security that will result from a 100 basis point change in interest rates. Applying a duration model, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, would not have resulted in a material reduction in the fair values of these securities. In addition, a hypothetical 100 basis point decrease in interest rates as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, would not result in a material effect on income in the respective ensuing year.
As of December 31, 2024, we had outstanding notes with an aggregate carrying value of $58.3 billion and an aggregate fair value of $54.9 billion. As of