operations.
Our manufacturing processes, those of our third-party contract manufacturers and those of certain of our third-party service providers must undergo regulatory approval processes and are subject to continued review by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. It can take longer than five years to build, validate and license another manufacturing plant, and it can take longer than three years to qualify and license a new contract manufacturer or service provider. If we elect or are required to make changes to our manufacturing processes because of new regulatory requirements, new interpretations of existing requirements or other reasons, this could increase our manufacturing costs and result in delayed shipments, delays in our clinical trials, supply constraints, stock-outs, adverse event trends or contract negotiations or disputes. Such manufacturing challenges may also occur if our existing contract manufacturers are unable or unwilling to timely implement such changes, or at all.
We are expanding our manufacturing capabilities to support current and anticipated demand for our products and product candidates. Our expansion efforts, in certain circumstances, rely on a single or small number of vendors or suppliers, and finding alternative suppliers may not be feasible or could take a significant amount of time and involve significant expense due to the nature of the requirements of our facilities. Construction or quality assurance challenges at the facilities we are building or expanding, labor shortages, contractual disputes with our suppliers, negative outcomes from agency officials or other delays or challenges in operationalizing additional manufacturing capacity could limit our ability to capitalize on demand for our products and product candidates.
In addition, regulatory agencies conduct routine monitoring and inspections of our manufacturing facilities and processes as well as those of our third-party contract manufacturers and service providers. If regulatory authorities determine that we or our third-party contract manufacturers or certain of our third-party service providers have violated regulations, they may mandate corrective actions and/or issue warning letters, or even restrict, suspend or revoke our prior approvals, prohibiting us from manufacturing our products or conducting clinical trials or selling our marketed products until we or the affected third-party contract manufacturers or third-party service providers comply, or indefinitely. See
Our current products and products in development cannot be sold without regulatory approval.
Such issues may also delay the approval of product candidates we have submitted for regulatory review, even if such product candidates are not directly related to the products, devices or processes at issue with regulators. Because our third-party contract manufacturers and certain of our third-party service providers are subject to the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities, alternative