be important, based on surveys, interviews and certain frameworks for corporate responsibility. Achieving our ESG goals requires long-term investments and broad, coordinated activity, and we may be required to incur additional costs or allocate additional resources towards monitoring, reporting and implementing our ESG programs. Further, we may fail to accurately assess our stakeholders’ ESG priorities and concerns, as such priorities and concerns have been rapidly changing. While we have achieved most of our goals set in prior years, whether we can achieve our current and future ESG goals continues to be uncertain and remains subject to numerous risks, including evolving regulatory requirements and social expectations affecting ESG practices, our ability to recruit, develop and retain a diverse workforce, the availability of suppliers and collaboration partners that can meet our environmental goals, the effects of the organic growth of our business and potential acquisitions of other businesses on our ESG performance, and the availability and cost of technologies or resources, such as carbon credits, that support our goals. Any failure or perceived failure to meet our ESG program priorities could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and stock price.
The effects of global climate change and related natural disasters could negatively affect our business and operations.
Many of our operations and facilities, including those essential to our manufacturing, R&D and distribution activities, are in locations that are subject to natural disasters, including droughts, fires, extreme temperatures, hurricanes, tropical storms and/or floods. For example, in 2017 Hurricane Maria caused catastrophic damage, compounded in 2022 by Hurricane Fiona, to the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, where we perform a substantial majority of our commercial manufacturing activities. Although our site was well-protected and suffered minimal damage, there can be no assurances that we would have similar results in the face of future natural disasters. The severity and frequency of weather-related natural disasters has been amplified, and is expected to continue to be amplified by, global climate change. For example, in January 2025 Los Angeles county experienced unprecedented wildfires, and while the natural disaster did not impact our facilities or their operations, a number of our staff members lost their homes or were subject to evacuation orders and/or multiple-day power outages. Such natural disasters have caused, and in the future may cause, damage to and/or disrupt our operations, which may result in a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. Our suppliers, vendors and business partners also face similar risks, and any disruption to their operations could have an adverse effect on our supply and manufacturing chain. Further, many of our key facilities are located on islands, including Puerto Rico,