clearance of a device that is used with our product may also result in the removal of our product from the market. Further, failure to successfully develop, supply, or gain or maintain approval for these devices could adversely affect sales of the related approved products. See also
We rely on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices and components.
Some of our pharmaceutical pipeline and our commercial product sales rely on collaborations with third parties, which may adversely affect the development and sales of our products.
We depend on alliances with other companies, including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, vendors and service providers, for the development of a portion of the products in our pharmaceutical pipeline and for the commercialization and sales of certain of our commercial products. For example, we have collaborations with third parties under which we share development rights, obligations and costs and/or commercial rights and obligations. See Item 1. Business—Business Relationships.
Failures by these parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, or other obligations to us or any disruption in the relationships between us and these third parties, could have a material adverse effect on our pharmaceutical pipeline and business. In addition, our collaborative relationships for R&D and/or commercialization and sales often extend for many years and have given, and may in the future give, rise to disputes regarding the relative rights, obligations and revenues of us and our collaboration partners, including the ownership or prosecution of intellectual property and associated rights and obligations. This could result in the loss of intellectual property rights or protection, delay the development and sale of potential pharmaceutical products, affect the sale and delivery of our commercialized products and lead to lengthy and expensive litigation, administrative proceedings or arbitration.
RISKS RELATED TO OPERATIONS
We perform a substantial majority of our commercial manufacturing activities at our facility in the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico and a substantial majority of our clinical manufacturing activities at our facility in Thousand Oaks, California; significant disruptions or production failures at these facilities could significantly impair our ability to supply our products or continue our clinical trials.
The global supply of our products and product candidates for commercial sales and for use in our clinical trials is significantly dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our manufacturing facilities, in particular those in the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico and Thousand Oaks, California. See
Manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays could limit supply of our products and limit our product sales.
We currently perform a substantial majority of our clinical manufacturing that supports our product candidates at our facility in Thousand Oaks, California. A