growth outside the United States.
KYPROLIS
Total KYPROLIS sales by geographic region were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
The decrease in global KYPROLIS
sales for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was driven by lower volume due to increased competition.
32
Nplate
Total Nplate sales by geographic region were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
Global Nplate sales for the three months ended March 31, 2025 decreased 1% as volume growth was more than offset by unfavorable changes to both estimated sales deductions and foreign currency exchange rates.
TEZSPIRE
Total TEZSPIRE sales by geographic region were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
The increase in TEZSPIRE sales for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was driven by volume growth.
Vectibix
Total Vectibix sales by geographic region were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
The increase in global Vectibix sales for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was driven by volume growth.
KRYSTEXXA
Total KRYSTEXXA sales by geographic region were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
KRYSTEXXA sales for the three months ended March 31, 2025 remained relatively unchanged as volume growth of 11% was offset by lower inventory of 10%.
33
Other products
Other product sales by geographic region were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
N/A = not applicable
* Change in excess of 100%
____________
(1)
Consists of product sales from AVSOLA, KANJINTI, RIABNI, EPOGEN, BEKEMV, ACTIMMUNE, NEUPOGEN, IMLYGIC, Corlanor, RAYOS, BUPHENYL, Sensipar/Mimpara, QUINSAIR, DUEXIS and PENNSAID.
34
Operating expenses
Operating expenses were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
* Change in excess of 100%
Cost of sales
Cost of sales decreased to 36.4% of total revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2025, driven by lower amortization expense from the fair value step-up of inventory acquired from Horizon and lower manufacturing costs, partially offset by changes in our sales mix.
Research and development
The increase in R&D expense for the three months ended March 31, 2025, was driven by higher spend in later-stage clinical programs, partially offset by lower spend in marketed product support and research and early pipeline. We expect to continue to grow our spend on later-stage clinical programs as we advance our pipeline.
Selling, general and administrative
The decrease in SG&A expense for the three months ended March 31, 2025, was driven by lower commercial product-related expenses and lower Horizon acquisition-related expenses, partially offset by higher general and administrative expenses.
Other
Other operating expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2025, consisted primarily of the Otezla intangible asset impairment charge of $800 million following its selection for price setting under the IRA. See Note 8, Goodwill and other intangible assets,
to the condensed consolidated financial statements.
Other operating expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2024, consisted