trial updates.
Xaluritamig
Xaluritamig is a bivalent T cell engager and is designed using XmAb 2+1 technology. It is being investigated for the treatment of prostate cancer.
ABP 206
ABP 206, a biosimilar candidate to OPDIVO, is a monoclonal antibody that binds to the receptor protein called programmed death protein 1 (PD-1).
ABP 234
ABP 234, a biosimilar candidate to KEYTRUDA, is a monoclonal antibody that binds to the receptor protein (PD-1). It is being investigated in a phase 3 study for biosimilarity to KEYTRUDA. The reference-product primary condition is NSCLC.
ABP 692
ABP 692 is an investigational biosimilar to OCREVUS, which is a monoclonal antibody that binds to CD20, which is a protein found on the surface of B-cells.
AMG 104
AMG 104 is a human anti-TSLP Fab. It is being investigated for the treatment of asthma and is being developed in collaboration with AstraZeneca.
AMG 193
AMG 193 is a small molecule methylthioadenosine (MTA) cooperative protein arginine methyltransferase 5 (PRMT5) inhibitor. It is being investigated for the treatment of NSCLC.
AMG 329
AMG 329 is a fully human monoclonal antibody that binds and neutralizes the function of the FLT3-ligand, thereby reducing both conventional and plasmacytoid dendritic cells. It is being investigated for the treatment of Sjögren’s disease.
22
Business Relationships
From time to time, we enter into business relationships, including joint ventures and collaborative arrangements, for the R&D, manufacture and/or commercialization of products and/or product candidates. In addition, we acquire product and R&D technology rights and establish R&D collaborations with third parties to enhance our strategic position within our industry by strengthening and diversifying our R&D capabilities, product pipeline and marketed-product base. These arrangements generally provide for nonrefundable upfront license fees, development and commercial-performance milestone payments, cost sharing, royalties and/or profit sharing. The activities under these collaboration agreements are performed with no guarantee of either technological or commercial success, and each is unique in nature.
Trade secret protection for our unpatented confidential and proprietary information is important to us. To protect our trade secrets, we generally require counterparties to execute confidentiality agreements upon commencement of a business relationship with us. However, others could either develop independently the same or similar information or unlawfully obtain access to our information.
AstraZeneca plc
We are in a collaboration with AstraZeneca for the development and commercialization of TEZSPIRE.
1
Under our collaboration, both companies share global costs, profits and losses equally after payment by AstraZeneca of a mid-single-digit royalty to Amgen. AstraZeneca leads global development. In North America, Amgen, as the principal, recognizes product sales of TEZSPIRE in the United States, and AstraZeneca, as the principal,