Management, and Economic Stability Act, which established a financial oversight board for Puerto Rico. After years of negotiations with bondholders and other creditors, this financial oversight board reached an agreement with the same, which was confirmed by the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico effective March 2022. Although our ability to manufacture and supply our products has not, to date, been significantly affected by natural disasters, unreliable electric utility services, strikes, pandemic lockdowns or the island’s economic challenges, these, or a combination of these challenges, or other issues that create a substantial disruption to our ability to operate our Puerto Rico manufacturing facility or get supplies and manufactured products transported to and from that location, could make it more expensive or difficult for us to operate in Puerto Rico, and could materially and adversely affect our ability to supply our products and affect our product sales. See
Manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays could limit supply of our products and limit our product sales
.
We rely on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices and components.
We rely on unaffiliated third-party suppliers for certain raw materials, medical devices and components necessary for the manufacturing of our commercial and clinical products. Certain of those raw materials, medical devices and components are proprietary products of those unaffiliated third-party suppliers and are specifically cited in our drug applications with regulatory agencies so that they must be obtained from that specific sole source or sources and could not be obtained from another supplier unless and until the regulatory agency approved such supplier. For example, we rely on a single source for the SureClick
autoinjectors used in the drug delivery of Repatha, ENBREL, Aimovig, AMJEVITA/AMGEVITA and Aranesp, and we also relied on a single source for the Pushtronex automated mini doser used in the drug delivery of Repatha. Recently, to uphold the high standards that we have set for patient experience and the need for a reliable supply of components, we have decided to discontinue the Repatha automated mini doser presentation in all countries and are working with health care professionals to transition patients to alternative Repatha delivery options. Also, certain of the raw materials required in the commercial and clinical manufacturing of our products are sourced from other countries and/or derived from biological sources, including mammalian tissues, bovine serum and human serum albumin.
Among the reasons we may be unable to obtain these raw materials, medical devices and components include:
•
regulatory requirements or action by regulatory agencies or others;
•
adverse financial or other strategic developments at or affecting the supplier, including bankruptcy;
•
unexpected demand for or shortage of raw materials, medical devices or components;