primarily of a net impairment charge associated with an IPR&D intangible asset and changes in the fair values of contingent consideration liabilities, both related to our Teneobio, Inc. acquisition from 2021.
35
Nonoperating expenses/income and income taxes
Nonoperating expenses/income and income taxes were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
Interest expense, net
Interest expense, net, decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 primarily due to lower average debt outstanding.
Other income (expense), net
The change in Other income (expense), net, for the three months ended March 31, 2025, was primarily due to net unrealized gains on equity investments, primarily BeiGene, compared to net unrealized losses on equity investments, primarily BeiGene, in the prior year period.
Income taxes
The increase in our effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025, was primarily due to the change in earnings mix as a result of net unrealized gains in the first quarter of 2025 compared to net unrealized losses in the first quarter of 2024 on equity investments (primarily BeiGene). See Note 6, Investments
—BeiGene, Ltd.,
to the condensed consolidated financial statements.
As previously reported, the OECD reached an agreement to align countries on a minimum corporate tax rate and an expansion of the taxing rights of market countries. Effective January 1, 2024, select individual countries, including the United Kingdom and EU member countries, have enacted the global minimum tax agreement. Additional countries, including Singapore, enacted the minimum tax agreement, effective January 1, 2025. Singapore’s enactment of the agreement applies irrespective of the Company’s incentive grant. Our legal entities in the countries that have enacted the agreement, along with their direct and indirect subsidiaries, are now subject to a 15% minimum tax rate on adjusted financial statement income. Other countries, including the United States and the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, have not yet enacted the OECD agreement, and implementation remains highly uncertain. The continued enactment of the agreement, either by all OECD participants or unilaterally by individual countries, could result in tax increases or double taxation in the United States or foreign jurisdictions.
In 2017, we received an RAR and a modified RAR from the IRS for the years 2010–2012, proposing significant adjustments that primarily relate to the allocation of profits between certain of our entities in the United States and the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico. We disagreed with the proposed adjustments and calculations and pursued resolution with the IRS appeals office but were unable to reach resolution. In July 2021, we filed a petition in the U.S. Tax Court to contest two duplicate Statutory Notices of Deficiency (Notices) for the years 2010–2012 that we received in May and July 2021, which seek to increase our U.S. taxable income for the years 2010–2012 by an amount that would