effect on our results of operations. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors—
We could be subject to additional tax liabilities, including from an adverse outcome in our ongoing tax dispute with the IRS and other tax examinations, enactment of the OECD minimum corporate tax rate agreement and the adoption and interpretation of new tax legislation, and we anticipate additional tax liabilities from certain provisions of the 2017 Tax Act that will go into effect in 2026; such tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability and results of operations.
Contingencies
In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in various legal proceedings, government investigations and other matters such as intellectual property disputes, contractual disputes and class action suits that are complex in nature and have outcomes that are difficult to predict. We describe our legal proceedings and other matters that are significant or that we believe could become significant in Part IV—Note 20, Contingencies and commitments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We record accruals for loss contingencies to the extent that we conclude it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the related loss can be reasonably estimated. We evaluate, on a quarterly basis, developments in legal proceedings and other matters that could cause an increase or decrease in the amount of the liability that has been accrued previously.
While it is not possible to accurately predict or determine the eventual outcomes of these items, an adverse determination in one or more of these items currently pending could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
79
Valuation of assets and liabilities in connection with acquisitions
We have acquired and continue to acquire intangible assets in connection with business combinations and asset acquisitions. These intangible assets consist primarily of technology associated with currently marketed human therapeutic products and IPR&D product candidates. Discounted cash flow models are typically used to determine the fair values of these intangible assets for purposes of allocating consideration paid to the net assets acquired in an acquisition. See Part IV—Note 4, Acquisitions and divestitures, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. These models require the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including but not limited to:
•
determining the timing and expected costs to complete in-process projects, taking into account the stage of completion at the acquisition date;
•
projecting the probability and timing of obtaining marketing approval from the FDA and other regulatory agencies for product candidates;
•
estimating the timing of and future net cash flows from product sales resulting from completed products and in-process projects; and
•
developing appropriate discount rates to calculate the present values of the cash flows.
Significant estimates and