plan designs, higher patient co-pays or coinsurance obligations, limitations on patients’ use of commercial manufacturer co-pay payment assistance programs (including through co-pay accumulator adjustment or maximization programs), stricter utilization management criteria (such as prior authorization and step therapy) before a patient may get access to a drug, higher-tier formulary placement that increases the level of patient out-of-pocket costs and formulary exclusion, which effectively encourages patients and providers to seek alternative treatments or pay 100% of the cost of a drug. The use of such measures by PBMs and insurers has continued to intensify and has thereby limited Amgen product usage and sales. Furthermore, in the United States, the top six integrated health plans and PBMs controlled about 94% of all pharmacy prescriptions. As a result, PBMs and insurers have greater market power and negotiating leverage to mandate stricter utilization criteria and/or exclude drugs from their formularies in favor of competitor drugs or alternative treatments. In highly competitive treatment markets such as the markets for ENBREL, Otezla, Repatha and Aimovig, PBMs are also able to exert negotiating leverage by requiring incremental rebates from manufacturers in order for them to gain and/or maintain their formulary position.
In addition to market actions taken by private and government payers in the United States, policy makers in both of the major U.S. political parties have supported policies to lower drug costs. See Item 1A. Risk Factors—
Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability
. For example, in 2022, the IRA was enacted and includes provisions requiring that beginning in 2026, mandatory price setting be introduced in Medicare for certain drugs paid for under Parts B and D, whereby manufacturers must accept a price established by the government or face penalties on all U.S. sales (starting with 10 drugs in 2026, adding 15 in 2027 and 2028, and adding 20 in 2029 and subsequent years such that by 2031 approximately 100 drugs could be subject to such set prices). The Medicare price setting process began in August 2023 when CMS announced the first 10 drugs for Medicare price setting, which includes ENBREL, currently a product that generates considerable revenue for the Company. On July 30, 2024, CMS set a price for ENBREL in Medicare Part D that is significantly lower than the currently applicable price, effective
beginning on January 1, 2026. We expect this will negatively impact
10
ENBREL’s profitability in Medicare. In January 2025, CMS announced the next 15 drugs for Medicare price setting that will be applicable beginning on January 1, 2027, which includes Otezla. Also under the IRA, starting on January 1, 2024, Medicare Part D was redesigned to cap beneficiary out-of-pocket