be affected by litigation and government investigations.
The FCPA prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA arguably includes interactions with certain healthcare professionals in many countries. Other countries have enacted similar anticorruption laws and/or regulations. Failure by our employees, agents, contractors, vendors, licensees, partners or collaborators to comply with the FCPA and other anticorruption laws and/or regulations could result in significant civil or criminal penalties.
We are subject to various laws and regulations globally with regard to privacy and data protection. These laws and regulations involve the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. The legislative and regulatory environments regarding privacy and data protection are continually evolving and developing because these issues are subjects of increasing amounts of attention in countries globally. For example, we are subject to the EU’s GDPR, which became effective on May 25, 2018; the CCPA, which became effective on January 1, 2020; the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, which amended the CCPA and became effective on January 1, 2023; and China’s Personal Information Protection Law, which became effective on November 1, 2021. Other jurisdictions where we operate have enacted or proposed similar legislation and/or regulations, such as consumer privacy laws that went into effect in Virginia, Colorado, Utah, Connecticut and Florida in 2023 and Oregon, Texas and Montana in 2024. Consumer privacy laws were also passed in other states, including Iowa, Delaware, New Hampshire, Nebraska, New Jersey, Tennessee, Minnesota, Maryland, Indiana, Kentucky and Rhode Island and will be effective beginning in 2025 through 2026. In April 2023, a new type of state privacy law focused on protection of consumer health data emerged in Washington with the enactment of the My Health My Data Act, with similar legislation passed subsequently in Nevada. Both these new consumer health privacy laws became effective on March 31, 2024. Further, in 2024, the EU Artificial Intelligence (AI) Act, formally known as Regulation (EU) 2024/1689, was passed into law. Certain provisions of this regulation, such as transparency obligations and governance structures, will take effect in February and August 2025, with the regulation becoming fully effective on August 2, 2026. The regulation establishes a risk-based framework governing the development, deployment and use of AI systems across the EU. High-risk AI systems are subject to stringent requirements such as mandatory risk assessments, technical documentation, bias mitigation and explainability standards. Non-compliance with these current and future laws could result