(March 14, 2019) (Local 237) and the fourth action was brought in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania (Eastern Pennsylvania District Court), captioned
KPH Healthcare Services, Inc. a/k/a Kinney Drugs, Inc. v. Amgen Inc., et al
(April 10, 2019) (KPH). Each of the lawsuits is brought on behalf of a putative class of direct or indirect purchasers of Sensipar and alleges that the plaintiffs have overpaid for Sensipar as a result of Amgen’s conduct that allegedly improperly delayed market entry by manufacturers of generic cinacalcet products. The lawsuits focus predominantly on the settlement among Amgen, Watson Laboratories, Inc. (Watson) and Teva of the parties’ patent infringement litigation. Each of the lawsuits seeks, among other things, treble damages, equitable relief and attorneys’ fees and costs. On April 10, 2019, the plaintiff in the KPH lawsuit filed a motion seeking to have the
four
lawsuits consolidated and designated as a multidistrict litigation (MDL) in the Eastern Pennsylvania District Court, and the plaintiff in the Local 1500 lawsuit filed a motion seeking to have the
four
lawsuits, along with
Cipla Ltd. v. Amgen Inc.
, consolidated and designated as an MDL in the Delaware District Court.
On July 31, 2019, the MDL panel entered an order consolidating in the Delaware District Court the
four
class action lawsuits. On September 13, 2019, the plaintiffs filed amended complaints, and on October 15, 2019, Amgen filed its motion to dismiss both the direct purchaser plaintiffs’ consolidated class action complaint and the indirect purchaser end payer plaintiffs’ complaint. On December 6, 2019, the plaintiffs responded to Amgen’s motion to dismiss and, on January 10, 2020, Amgen filed its response. On February 6, 2020, the motions in the class action lawsuits were transferred to the U.S. Magistrate Judge for the District of Delaware (Magistrate Judge) for a recommendation. The MDL panel certified its conditional transfer order on February 6, 2020 transferring the additional class action lawsuit brought in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida, captioned
MSP Recovery Claims v. Amgen Inc., et al.
,
to the Delaware District Court.
On July 22, 2020, the Magistrate Judge issued a recommendation to the Delaware District Court that the claims against Amgen be dismissed but leave be given to plaintiffs to amend their complaints. On August 5, 2020, the plaintiffs filed objections to the Magistrate Judge’s report and recommendation. On August 19, 2020, Amgen filed a response to the plaintiffs’ objections. On November 30, 2020, the Delaware District Court adopted the Magistrate Judge’s recommendation in part and denied it in part, denying Amgen’s motion to dismiss on the grounds that plaintiffs adequately alleged reverse payment claims but granted Amgen’s motion to dismiss with respect to the other Federal antitrust claims. On December 23, 2020, Teva, Watson and Actavis filed a motion for