drugs in Medicare, redesigns Medicare Part D benefits to shift a greater proportion of the costs to manufacturers and health plans, and enables the U.S. government to impose penalties if drug prices are increased at a rate faster than inflation (IRA Inflation Penalties). Additional proposals focused on drug pricing continue to be debated, and additional executive orders or regulatory initiatives focused on drug pricing and competition are likely to be adopted and implemented in some form. It is unclear what policies the new Administration will advance with respect to IRA implementation, other drug pricing proposals, including international reference pricing or changes to healthcare regulations affecting pharmaceuticals. Further, state government activity has been dynamic, including certain states enacting new laws limiting drug reimbursement under state run Medicaid programs and prohibiting restrictions on 340B Program use. Such state laws could also eventually be adopted at the federal level.
We are unable to predict which or how many policy, regulatory, administrative or legislative changes may ultimately be, or effectively estimate the consequences to our business if, enacted and implemented. However, to the extent that payer actions further decrease or modify the coverage or reimbursement available for our products, require that we pay increased rebates or shift other costs to us, limit or affect our decisions regarding the pricing of or otherwise reduce the use of our products, such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
—Changing U.S. federal coverage and reimbursement policies and practices have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, access to, pricing of, and sales of our products
A substantial proportion of our U.S. business relies on reimbursement from federal government healthcare programs and commercial insurance plans regulated by federal and state governments. See Part I, Item 1. Business—Reimbursement, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Our business has been, and will continue to be, affected by legislative actions changing U.S. federal reimbursement policy. For example, the IRA includes provisions requiring that, beginning in 2026, mandatory price setting be introduced in Medicare for certain drugs paid for under Parts B and D, whereby
40
manufacturers must accept a price established by the government or face penalties on all U.S. sales (starting with 10 drugs in 2026, adding 15 in 2027 and 2028, and adding 20 in 2029 and subsequent years such that, by 2031, approximately 100 drugs could be subject to such set prices). The Medicare price setting process for the first 10 drugs subject to Medicare price setting in Part D began in 2023, which includes ENBREL, our product that currently generates considerable revenues. In 2024, CMS set a price for ENBREL under Medicare Part D that is significantly lower than currently applicable, beginning