quarterly product sales, but have generally not been significant to date when comparing full-year product performance to the prior year. See Part I, Item 1. Business—Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products, and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion of certain factors that could impact our future product sales.
2
Represents reductions against established baselines, taking into account only verified reduction projects and does not take into account changes associated with contraction or expansion of the Company.
3
Carbon neutrality goal refers to Scopes 1 and 2.
62
Selected Financial Information
The following is an overview of our results of operations (in millions, except percentages and per-share data):
In the following discussion of changes in product sales, any reference to volume growth or decline refers to changes in the purchases of our products by healthcare providers (such as physicians or their clinics), dialysis centers, hospitals and pharmacies. In addition, any reference to increases or decreases in inventory refers to changes in inventory held by wholesaler customers and end users (such as pharmacies).
Total product sales increased 19% in 2024, primarily driven by volume growth of 23%, partially offset by declines in net selling price of 2%. U.S. volume grew 26% and ROW volume grew 17%. Product sales from acquired Horizon products contributed $4.2 billion in 2024 compared to $954 million in 2023, with volume growth of 11%
from our other brands, including Repatha, TEZSPIRE, EVENITY, BLINCYTO and Prolia.
For 2025, we expect volume growth from certain brands to be partially offset by net selling price declines. Further, the first quarter of a year historically represents the lowest product sales quarter for the year, in part due to plan changes, insurance reverifications and higher co-pay expenses as U.S. patients work through deductibles, particularly for products acquired through pharmacy benefit programs.
Uncertain macroeconomic conditions, changes in the healthcare ecosystem and geopolitical conflicts have the potential to introduce variability into product sales. Furthermore, product sales continue to be impacted by actions from governments and other entities to curb high inflation, provisions of the IRA, inappropriate expanded utilization of the 340B Program and growth in numbers of Medicaid enrollees and uninsured individuals. See Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A. of this Form 10-K.
Other revenues increased for 2024, primarily driven by higher corporate partner revenue from licensed products and royalty income.
Operating expenses increased for 2024, driven by higher amortization expense from Horizon acquisition-related assets, higher R&D and SG&A expenses, including expenses from the acquired Horizon business, and higher profit share and royalty expense.
63
Results of Operations
Product sales
Worldwide product sales were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
* Change in excess of 100%
N/A = not