2032.
(5)
A patent with this subject matter may be entitled to patent term extension in the United States.
Competition
We operate in a highly competitive environment. A number of our marketed products are indicated for disease areas in which other products or treatments are currently available or are being pursued by our competitors through R&D activities. Additionally, some competitor-marketed products target the same genetic pathways as our recently launched marketed products or product candidates. This competition could impact the pricing and market share of our products. We continue to pursue ways of increasing the value of our medicines through innovations, which can include expanding the disease areas for which our products are indicated and finding new methods to make the delivery or manufacture of our medicines easier and less costly. Such activities can offer important opportunities for differentiation. We plan to continue pursuing innovation efforts to strengthen our competitive position. Such position may be based on, among other things, safety, efficacy, reliability, availability, patient convenience, delivery devices, price, reimbursement, access to and timing of market entry and patent position and expiration.
Certain of the existing patents on our principal products have expired, and we face new and increasing competition, including from biosimilars and generics. A biosimilar is another version of a biological product for which marketing approval is sought or has been obtained based on a demonstration that it is “highly similar” to the original reference product. We have experienced adverse effects from biosimilar competition on our originator product sales. Companies have launched versions of EPOGEN, NEUPOGEN, Neulasta and ENBREL (Canada only) with U.S. ENBREL biosimilars approved but not launched. Our patents for RANKL antibodies, including sequences, for Prolia and XGEVA expire in February 2025 in the United States and November 2025 in select countries in Europe, and we expect sales erosion driven by biosimilar competition. Once multiple biosimilar versions of one of our originator products have launched, competition intensifies rapidly, resulting in accelerated net price declines for both the reference and the biosimilar products. See also Government Regulation—Regulation in the United States—Approval of Biosimilars.
We also have our own biosimilar products both in the United States and outside of U.S. markets that are competing against branded and biosimilar versions of our competitors’ products. In 2018, we launched AMGEVITA, a biosimilar to HUMIRA, in markets outside the United States. In 2019, we launched MVASI, a biosimilar to Avastin, and KANJINTI, a biosimilar to Herceptin. In 2020, we launched AVSOLA, a biosimilar to Remicade. In 2021, we launched RIABNI, a biosimilar to Rituxan. In 2023, we launched AMJEVITA, a biosimilar to HUMIRA, in the United States, and BEKEMV, a biosimilar to SOLIRIS, in the EU. Additionally, in