authorizes a district court judge to certify for interlocutory appeal an order issued in the same case by a predecessor district court judge; and (2) the settlement of a patent infringement claim that involves the forgiveness of damages associated with that patent’s alleged infringement, on its own or combined with an acceleration clause, constitutes a reverse payment. On July 3, 2023, Amgen and Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. filed a notice of appeal, and on October 17, 2023, Amgen submitted its initial brief in its appeal before the Third Circuit Court.
On January 12, 2024, Amgen reached an agreement in principle to settle with the putative class of indirect purchasers of Sensipar.
On February 17, 2024, Amgen and the indirect purchasers filed a stipulation in the Delaware District Court to dismiss the indirect purchasers’ claims. On February 22, 2024, Amgen and the indirect purchasers filed a stipulation in the Third Circuit Court dismissing the portion of the Third Circuit Court’s appeal relating to the claims of the indirect purchasers. Amgen and the direct purchasers filed a stipulation on April 12, 2024 in the Delaware District Court, dismissing with prejudice the direct purchasers’ claims that were at issue in the appeal and seeking entry of final judgment in Amgen’s favor. On April 15, 2024, the Delaware District Court entered an order pursuant to the stipulation and closed the case.
On May 14, 2024, the putative class of direct purchasers of Sensipar appealed the claims that were dismissed with prejudice by the Delaware District Court.
On November 12, 2024, Amgen settled with the putative class of direct purchasers of Sensipar, and the remaining claims were dismissed on November 29, 2024.
Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Antitrust Action
On May 27, 2022, Regeneron filed suit against Amgen in the Delaware District Court for federal and state antitrust and unfair competition violations and tortious interference with prospective business relations. Regeneron alleges that Amgen’s sales contracting practices for Repatha, ENBREL and Otezla with key insurers, third-party payers and PBMs have harmed the sales of its product PRALUENT and focuses on two primary arguments: that Amgen improperly bundled sales of Repatha with ENBREL, Otezla and potentially other products and sought exclusive or de facto exclusive formulary positioning for Repatha. Amgen’s initial responsive pleading, a motion to dismiss, was filed on August 1, 2022.
On August 11, 2022, Amgen moved to stay the case pending the ultimate decision on the merits of the ongoing patent litigation between Amgen and Regeneron in Amgen Inc., et al. v. Sanofi, et al. On January 6, 2023, the Delaware District Court heard oral argument on the motion to stay and the motion to dismiss. On February 10, 2023, the Delaware District Court denied Amgen’s motion to stay this action, and on March 21, 2023, the Delaware District Court denied Amgen’s motion to dismiss the complaint.
On August 28, 2023,