financial institutions, and our deposits at these institutions exceed insured limits. Market conditions can adversely affect the viability of these institutions. In the event of failure of any of the financial institutions where we maintain our cash and cash equivalents, there can be no assurance that we would be able to access uninsured funds in a timely manner or at all. Inability to access, or a delay in accessing these funds, could adversely affect our business and financial position.
Our stock price is volatile.
Our stock price, like that of our peers in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, is volatile. Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate from period to period for a number of reasons. Events such as a delay in product development, changes to our expectations or strategy or even a relatively small revenue shortfall may cause financial results for a period to be below our expectations or projections. As a result, our revenues and operating results and, in turn, our stock price may be subject to significant fluctuations. Announcements or discussions, including via social media channels, of possible restrictive actions by government or private payers that would negatively affect our business or industry if ultimately enacted or adopted may also cause our stock price to fluctuate, whether or not such restrictive actions ever actually occur. Similarly, actual or
53
perceived safety issues with our products or similar products or unexpected clinical trial results can have an immediate and rapid effect on our stock price, whether or not our operating results are materially affected.
None.
Risk Management and Strategy
Amgen has a multi-layered and iterative approach towards assessing, identifying, managing and mitigating risks from cybersecurity threats. The Amgen Technology & Medical Organizations (ATMOS) function is designed to support our productivity, innovation and outreach globally through the quality delivery of information systems, solutions and services for our business and operations. The ATMOS function has a Cybersecurity & Digital Trust (CDT) team that assesses and reduces cybersecurity exposure, including by providing employees with training and resources to identify potential cybersecurity threats and implementing information technology security practices. The CDT team also monitors for cybersecurity threat activity and seeks to mitigate the impact from cybersecurity incidents by deploying information security engineers, system architects, analysts and cybersecurity specialists to provide monitoring, reporting and management of cybersecurity incidents.
To evaluate the progress of its activities, our ATMOS function uses various industry and regulatory frameworks as guides to assess the state of the Company’s cybersecurity program maturity and controls, including our organizational, people, physical and technological controls. The CDT team also conducts reviews and evaluations of our cybersecurity resilience