program with Amgen’s Cybersecurity & Digital Trust Governance Council (which includes leaders from CDT, Worldwide Compliance and Business Ethics, Regulatory Affairs, Operations, R&D, Global Commercial Operations, Corporate Audit, Law and Business Development functions).
Our cybersecurity risk management program is considered by and integrated into our Company-wide Enterprise Risk Management program and shares common methodologies, reporting channels and governance processes that apply across the Enterprise Risk Management program to that of other enterprise level risks (such as product development, safety and surveillance, financial and intellectual property risks).
Regular evaluations are conducted of the greatest risks to our business and their underlying risk drivers as well as the associated mitigation activities, maturity and controls. This program is overseen by our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and guided by the Enterprise Risk Council, a cross-functional group of the Company’s business leaders representing key business functions that is co-chaired by our Chief Audit Executive. The results of the enterprise risk evaluations and the status and operation of the Enterprise Risk Management program are presented to our Board of Directors, which oversees the Company’s enterprise-level risks.
Further, our corporate audit function is responsible for assessing risk and testing whether, and the extent to which, our information security policies and practices are being implemented effectively within our business and by third party providers. Findings from such reports and related corrective action plans are shared with our CDT team, Company leadership, and the Audit Committee and Corporate Responsibility and Compliance Committee (CRCC) of our Board of Directors.
In addition to leveraging the Company’s own information technology resources, our Incident Response and Cyber Threat Intelligence teams engage, as needed, third-party cybersecurity risk assessors and consultants to assist in recognizing threats, identifying security vulnerabilities and evaluating the impact of cybersecurity attacks and incidents when they occur.
On a biennial basis, our ATMOS also engages external third-party experts to assess the Company’s cybersecurity control maturity across the organization and develops plans to address such experts’ recommendations.
Our CDT function has processes to oversee and identify the risks of cybersecurity threats associated with third-party service providers and monitors and works to mitigate the impact of cybersecurity incidents encountered by our third-party service providers. Upon becoming aware of cybersecurity incidents encountered by our third-party service providers, the CDT function’s Incident Response and Cyber Threat Intelligence teams are deployed to evaluate and mitigate the impact of such incidents on our business.
In connection with our adoption of artificial intelligence (AI) tools in our business, including