states (Colorado, Maine, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Maryland, Minnesota, Oregon and Washington) have enacted laws that establish PDABs to identify drugs that pose affordability challenges, and four such states include authority for the state PDABs to set upper payment limits on certain drugs for in-state patients, payers and providers. In 2024, no fewer than 17 states introduced PDAB legislation. The eight states with enacted PDAB laws are in various phases of implementation, with Colorado’s PDAB being the furthest along. The Colorado PDAB deemed three of five drugs “unaffordable,” including ENBREL, and are subject to rulemaking to establish an Upper Payment Limit (UPL) commencing March 2025 and that could be effective as soon as the fourth quarter of 2025. Further, inappropriate expanded utilization of the 340B Program from broadened application of the 340B discounts has had, and is
30
expected to continue to have, a negative impact on the Company’s product sales, business and results of operations. Louisiana, Arkansas, West Virginia, Minnesota, Kansas, Mississippi, Missouri and Maryland have enacted laws with mandates on manufacturers participating in the 340B Program, and, in 2024, no fewer than 25 states considered similar legislation. These bills vary, but typically include provisions on restricting a manufacturer’s ability to direct drugs in 340B channels, recognizing 340B contract pharmacies and a prohibition on requiring the inclusion of 340B claims modifiers. In March 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 8th Circuit ruled that Arkansas’ Act 1103, which prohibits drugmakers from restricting the acquisition or delivery of 340B drugs to covered entities and their contract pharmacies, was not preempted by the federal 340B statute. The decision contributed to an increase in the number of states considering similar legislation. In July 2024, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi denied motions for a preliminary injunction in two cases challenging a similar law in Mississippi, finding that neither plaintiff had demonstrated a substantial likelihood of success on the merits. These orders are being appealed at the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit. In September 2024, the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana dismissed a lawsuit challenging Louisiana’s 340B contract pharmacy mandate law, and the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland denied a motion for preliminary injunction challenging a similar law in Maryland. These lawsuits challenging states on their 340B contract pharmacy laws are subsequent to Genesis Health Care, Inc. v. Becerra, where the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina issued an order in November 2023 that enjoins the Health Resources and Services Administration from enforcing its more restrictive interpretation of who is considered a patient under the 340B Program, to the potential benefit of healthcare systems seeking to expand the application