have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, biosimilar uptake measures such as physician prescribing quotas or automatic pharmacy substitution of biosimilars for the corresponding reference products. Some EU countries impose automatic price reductions upon market entry of one or more biosimilar competitors. In September 2022, the EMA and the EU Heads of Medicines’ Agencies (HMA) issued a joint statement providing that biosimilar medicines approved in the EU are “interchangeable” with their reference products and other biosimilars of the same reference product for purposes of prescribing. This EMA-HMA statement could further contribute to the prescribing of biosimilars and to greater competition in Europe. While the degree of competitive effects of biosimilar competition differs between EU countries and between products, in the EU the overall use of biosimilars and the rate at which product sales of innovative products are being affected by biosimilar competition is increasing.
In the United States, the BPCIA authorizes the FDA to approve biosimilars via a separate, abbreviated pathway. See Item 1. Business—Government Regulation—Regulation in the United States—Approval of Biosimilars. In the United States, the FDA has approved numerous biosimilars, including biosimilar versions of Neulasta, EPOGEN, ENBREL, Prolia and XGEVA, and a growing number of companies have announced that they are also developing biosimilar versions of our products. For example, a number of biosimilar versions of Neulasta have been approved in the United States, including an on-body injector presentation that was approved in December 2023 for a Neulasta biosimilar, and impact to our Neulasta sales has been accelerated as the number of additional competitors has increased. See Item 1. Business—Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products—Competition. Manufacturers of biosimilars have attempted, and may in the future attempt, to compete with our products by offering greater discounts or rebates, contracts that offer longer-term pricing or a broader portfolio of other products, or lower list prices. Companies pursuing development of biosimilar versions of our products have challenged and may continue to challenge our patents well in advance of the expiration of our material patents. For examples of and information related to our biosimilars and generics patent litigation, see Part IV—Note 20, Contingencies and commitments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. See
Our intellectual property positions may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or we may fail to prevail in current and future intellectual property litigation.
The U.S. biosimilar pathway includes the option for biosimilar products that meet certain criteria to be approved as interchangeable with their reference products. Some companies currently developing or already marketing biosimilars may seek to obtain interchangeable status from the FDA, which could potentially allow pharmacists to