costs and, beginning on January 1, 2025, Federal reinsurance will become reduced in the catastrophic phase (resulting in a shift and increase of such costs to Part D plans and manufacturers, including by requiring manufacturer discounts on certain drugs). Further, the IRA created a mechanism for CMS to collect rebates from manufacturers if price increases outpace inflation. We began to accrue for rebate obligations on October 1, 2022 for Medicare Part D and on January 1, 2023 for Medicare Part B.
Other potential policies cover a wide range of areas, including allowing the importation of drugs from other countries; increasing transparency in drug pricing; using third-party value assessments to determine drug prices; referencing foreign prices; and changes to government rebate programs. For example, on January 5, 2024, the FDA authorized Florida to move forward with its importation program proposal, which excludes biologics. CMS also issued a proposed Medicaid Drug Rebate Program rule that would have required manufacturers to aggregate or “stack” all rebates, discounts or other price concessions made to separate, unrelated entities across the pharmaceutical supply chain on a given unit of product to determine the “Best Price,” a metric that is used to determine Medicaid rebates and 340B statutory rates. This proposal was not finalized but remains a policy that could be reconsidered in the future. Further, at the state level, eight states (Colorado, Maine, Maryland, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon and Washington) have enacted laws that establish PDABs to identify drugs that pose affordability challenges, and in four states (Colorado, Maryland, Minnesota and Washington) include authority for the state PDAB to set upper payment limits on certain drugs for in-state patients, payers and providers.
In many countries other than the United States, government-sponsored healthcare systems are the primary payers for drugs and biologics. With increasing budgetary constraints and/or difficulty in understanding the value of medicines, governments and payers in many countries are applying a variety of measures to exert downward price pressure. These measures can include mandatory price controls, price referencing, therapeutic-reference pricing, increases in rebates, incentives for generic substitution and biosimilar usage and government-mandated price cuts. In this regard, many governments use health technology assessment organizations to judge the added benefit of new treatments over existing ones, metrics which are then used to set reimbursement prices and/or set coverage limits. Many countries also limit coverage to populations narrower than those specified on our product labels or impose volume caps to limit utilization. We expect that governments will continue taking aggressive actions to seek to reduce expenditures on drugs and biologics. Similarly, fiscal constraints may also affect the extent to which countries are willing to approve new and