may be of an extended duration. Additionally, with higher interest rates, deficits (including those associated with the pandemic), and other fiscal pressures, governments may be unable to sustain their previously high levels of fiscal spending. Further, in the United States, although Congress has approved stopgap measures to fund the government through early March, the federal government continues to be at risk of a shutdown if legislation providing funding for the fiscal year is not passed as a result of political divisions in Congress and an impasse on budgetary and spending matters. Congress must also reach an agreement to extend the federal debt ceiling in 2025 to avoid default on U.S. government debt, and such negotiation will also likely include a focus on decreasing government spending (which the new Administration and Congressional majorities have indicated will be a priority). Consequently, these and other financial pressures have caused, and may continue to cause, government or other third-party payers to more aggressively seek cost containment measures in healthcare and other settings. See
Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability
. As a result of global economic conditions, some third-party payers may delay or be unable to satisfy their reimbursement obligations. Job losses or other economic hardships (including inflation) may also affect patients’ ability to afford healthcare as a result of increased co-pay or deductible obligations, greater cost sensitivity to existing co-pay or deductible obligations, lost healthcare insurance coverage or for other reasons. We believe such conditions have led and could continue to lead to reduced demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. The cumulative effects of inflationary pressures, an uncertain trade environment with escalating and rapidly-changing tariffs, and the effects from the armed conflict in Ukraine (including the effects of the sanctions that were implemented in response to the conflict and the resulting impacts on the commodity market and supply chains) and the Middle East have also increased our operating expenses and may continue to affect our operating expenses. Our operational costs, including the cost of energy, materials, labor, distribution and our other operational and facilities costs are subject to market conditions and are being adversely affected by inflationary pressures. Although we monitor our distributors’, customers’ and suppliers’ financial condition and their liquidity to mitigate our business risks, some of our distributors, customers and suppliers may become insolvent, which could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. A significant worsening of global economic