respective agreements. We were in compliance with all applicable covenants under these arrangements as of March 31, 2025.
Cash flows
Our summarized cash flow activity was as follows (in millions):
Operating
Cash provided by operating activities has been and is expected to continue to be our primary recurring source of funds. Cash provided by operating activities during the three months ended March 31, 2025, increased as compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to an $800 million tax deposit made in the first quarter of 2024 and higher net income in the first quarter of 2025 after adjustments for noncash items, partially offset by the timing of working capital items.
Investing
Cash used in investing activities during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, was primarily due to capital expenditures of $411 million and $230 million, respectively, including construction costs for new plants in Ohio and North Carolina to expand our manufacturing capacity. We currently estimate full year 2025 investments in capital projects to be approximately $2.3 billion.
38
Financing
Cash used in financing activities during the three months ended March 31, 2025, was primarily due to the repayment and extinguishment of debt of $2.5 billion and $301 million, respectively, and the payment of dividends of $1.3 billion. Cash used in financing activities during the three months ended March 31, 2024, was primarily due to the payment of dividends of $1.2 billion and the extinguishment of debt of $410 million. See Note 9, Financing arrangements, and Note 10, Stockholders’ equity, to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
Critical accounting policies and estimates
The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the notes to the financial statements. Some of those judgments can be subjective and complex, and therefore, actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. A summary of our critical accounting policies and estimates is presented in Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
Recently issued accounting standards
For a discussion of recently issued accounting standards, see Note 1, Significant accounting policies, to the condensed consolidated financial statements.
Information about our market risk is disclosed in Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and is incorporated herein by reference. There were no material changes during