required for clinical trials vary substantially, and we may spend several years and incur substantial expense in completing certain clinical trials. In addition, we may have difficulty finding a sufficient number of clinical trial sites and/or patients to participate in our clinical trials,
43
particularly if competitors are conducting clinical trials in similar patient populations and/or in rare disease therapy clinical trials due to the inherently small patient population potentially served by such therapies. Patients may withdraw from clinical trials at any time (including trials in which patients believe that they may not be receiving a clinical benefit), and evolving legal obligations including, but not limited to, privacy laws and/or other restrictions in certain countries may restrict the ability of clinical trial investigators to conduct further follow-up on such patients, which may adversely affect the interpretation of study results. Regulatory authorities may also pause or halt conduct of clinical trials based on their appraisal of the potential or actual risks of continuing the study. Delays and complications in planned clinical trials can result in increased development costs, associated delays in regulatory approvals and in product candidates reaching the market and revisions to existing product labels.
Further, to increase the number of patients available for enrollment in our clinical trials, we have opened, and will continue to open, clinical sites and enroll patients in a number of locations where our experience conducting clinical trials is more limited, including India, China, South Korea, the Philippines, Singapore, Saudi Arabia and some Central and South American countries, either through utilization of third-party contract clinical trial providers entirely or in combination with local staff. Conducting clinical trials in locations where we have limited experience requires substantial time and resources to understand the unique regulatory environments of individual countries. For other examples of the risks of conducting clinical trials in China, see also
Our sales and operations are subject to the risks of doing business internationally, including in emerging markets
. Further, we must ensure the timely production, distribution and delivery of the clinical supply of our product candidates to numerous and varied clinical trial sites. Additionally, regional disruptions, including natural and man-made disasters, health emergencies (such as novel viruses or pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic), or geopolitical conflicts (such as the ongoing armed conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East) have significantly disrupted the timing of clinical trials, and in the future could disrupt the timing, execution and outcome of clinical trials. If we fail to adequately manage the design, execution and diverse regulatory aspects of our clinical trials or to manage the production or distribution of our clinical supply, or such sites