indication for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk of fracture and for treatment to increase bone mass in men with osteoporosis at high risk of fracture. In Europe, Prolia is used primarily for the treatment of osteoporosis in men and postmenopausal women at increased risk of fracture. Our patents for RANKL antibodies, including sequences, for Prolia expire in February 2025 in the United States and November 2025 in select countries in Europe. See Patents table below.
ENBREL
We market ENBREL, a tumor necrosis factor blocker, in the United States and Canada. ENBREL was launched in 1998 and is used primarily in indications for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis, patients with chronic moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy and patients with active psoriatic arthritis.
XGEVA
We market XGEVA in many countries around the world. Prolia and XGEVA contain the same active ingredient but are approved for different indications, patient populations, dose and frequency of administration. XGEVA was launched in 2010 and is used primarily in the indication for prevention of skeletal-related events (pathological fracture, radiation to bone, spinal cord compression or surgery to bone) in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors and multiple myeloma. Our patents for RANKL antibodies, including sequences, for XGEVA expire in February 2025 in the United States and November 2025 in select countries in Europe. See Patents table below.
Repatha
We market Repatha, a PCSK9 inhibitor, in many countries around the world. Repatha was launched in 2015 and is indicated to reduce the risks of myocardial infarction, stroke and coronary revascularization in adults with established cardiovascular disease. Repatha is also indicated to reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in adults with primary hyperlipidemia, including heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HeFH).
Otezla
We market Otezla, a small molecule that inhibits phosphodiesterase 4 (PDE4), in many countries around the world. Otezla was acquired from Bristol-Myers Squibb Company in November 2019 after its acquisition of Celgene Corporation. Otezla is an oral therapy approved for the treatment of adults with plaque psoriasis across all severities (in the United States, Japan and Australia) and moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (in other global markets, including Europe); for adults with active psoriatic arthritis; for adults with oral ulcers associated with Behçet’s disease; and for pediatric patients six years of age and older and weighing at least 20 kilograms with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for phototherapy or systemic therapy.
TEPEZZA
We market TEPEZZA primarily in the United States. TEPEZZA was acquired through our Horizon acquisition in October 2023. TEPEZZA is a fully human monoclonal antibody and a targeted inhibitor of the