that an inclusive culture helps attract and retain a strong and engaged workforce informed by the varied backgrounds and experiences represented, which fosters innovation, collaboration and productivity as we execute on our mission to serve patients. For further information on these and other efforts, see Part I, Item 1. Business—Human Capital Resources.
We have a long-standing ambition to be environmentally responsible, and we regularly set targets to challenge ourselves to deliver further improvements. To continue on our path to greater environmental sustainability, in January 2021 we announced a new set of long-term environmental targets to achieve by 2027, including achieving carbon neutrality, reducing water consumption by 40% and reducing waste disposed by 75%.
2,3
Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must grow sales from existing and new products to achieve revenue growth and to offset revenue losses caused by products’ loss of their exclusivity or launches of competing products. For example, our patents for RANKL antibodies, including sequences, for Prolia and XGEVA expire in February 2025 in the United States and in November 2025 in select countries in Europe. Certain of our products face increasing pressure from competition, including biosimilars and generics. For additional information, including information on the expirations of patents for various products, see Part I, Item 1. Business—Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products—Patents, and Part I, Item 1. Business—Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products—Competition. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. We also face increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch.
Macroeconomic and other challenges
Uncertain macroeconomic conditions, including the risk of inflation, tariffs or trade protection measures, higher interest rates and instability in the financial system, as well as rising healthcare costs, continue to pose challenges to our business. Further, ongoing geopolitical conflicts continue to create additional uncertainty in global macroeconomic conditions. Additionally, with public and private healthcare-provider focus, the industry continues to be subject to cost containment measures and significant pricing pressures, resulting in net price declines.
Moreover, provisions of the IRA, as well as the 340B Program, have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our business. For example, ENBREL and Otezla have been selected by CMS for Medicare price setting beginning in 2026 and 2027, respectively. Finally, wholesale and end-user buying patterns can affect our product sales. These buying patterns can cause fluctuations in