substitute those biosimilars for our reference products without prior approval from the prescriber under state law. The FDA approved the first interchangeable biosimilar in 2021 and has subsequently granted interchangeability designations to additional biosimilars, including without always requiring a switching study. For example, in August 2022, the FDA designated a monoclonal antibody biosimilar as interchangeable without requiring a switching study to support the interchangeability determination, and has continued to make other such designations of interchangeability on a case-by-case basis. In June 2024, the FDA issued a draft guidance on considerations for demonstrating interchangeability and stated that switching studies generally would not be needed, potentially codifying the FDA’s practice.
41
In addition, critics of the 12-year exclusivity period in the biosimilar pathway law may continue to seek to shorten the data exclusivity period and/or to encourage the FDA to interpret narrowly the law’s provisions regarding which new products receive data exclusivity. In 2019, the Administration agreed to remove from the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement a requirement for at least 10 years of data exclusivity for biologic products. Also, the FDA is considering whether subsequent changes to a licensed biologic would be protected by the remainder of the reference product’s original 12-year exclusivity period (a concept known in the generic drug context as “umbrella exclusivity”). If the FDA were to decide that umbrella exclusivity does not apply to biological reference products or were to make other changes to the exclusivity period, this could expose us to biosimilar competition at an earlier time. There also have been, and may continue to be, legislative and regulatory efforts to promote competition through policies enabling easier generic and biosimilar approval and commercialization, including efforts to lower standards for demonstrating biosimilarity or interchangeability, eliminate the standard for interchangeability and declare by law that all biosimilars are de facto interchangeable with their reference products, limit patents that may be litigated and/or patent settlements, implement preferential reimbursement policies for biosimilars and pass new laws requiring more disclosure in the FDA’s Orange Book and Purple Book. For example, in 2021 the FDA sent a letter to the USPTO describing ways to strengthen coordination between the two agencies, offering training to help identify prior art, and seeking USPTO’s views on practices that extend market exclusivities, whether pharmaceutical patent examiners need additional resources, and the effect of post-grant challenges at the Patent Trial and Appeal Board on drug patents. The USPTO responded in July 2022 with a letter to the FDA stating that it is prepared to create formal mechanisms to collaborate with the FDA on patent issues that may affect the timing of generic and biosimilar entry. In