intangible assets and inventory step-up; (ii) the additional interest expense associated with the issuance of debt to finance the acquisition; (iii) the reclassification of transaction and other acquisition-related costs incurred during the three months ended December 31, 2023, to the year ended December 31, 2022; and (iv) the income tax impact using an estimated effective tax rate applied to the combined entity. The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of what the consolidated results of operations would have been had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2022. In addition, the unaudited pro forma financial information is not a projection of future results of operations of the combined company, nor does it reflect the expected realization of any synergies or cost savings associated with the acquisition.
Acquisition of ChemoCentryx, Inc.
On October 20, 2022, we acquired all of the outstanding stock of ChemoCentryx, a publicly traded biotechnology company focused on orally administered therapeutics to treat autoimmune diseases, inflammatory disorders and cancer, for $
52.00
per share in cash, representing a total consideration of $
3.9
billion. The acquisition, which was accounted for as a business combination, includes TAVNEOS, an orally administered selective complement 5a receptor inhibitor that was approved by the FDA in October 2021 as an adjunctive therapy for adults with severe active antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody-associated vasculitis (ANCA-associated vasculitis). TAVNEOS is commercialized by us in the United States; for markets outside the United States, TAVNEOS is commercialized by a collaboration partner, and Amgen is entitled to royalties and milestones based on future sales of the product. Upon its acquisition, ChemoCentryx became a wholly owned subsidiary of Amgen, and its operations became included in our consolidated financial statements commencing on the acquisition date.
Measurement-period adjustments during the year ended December 31, 2023, included changes in the purchase price allocation and total consideration, resulting in a net decrease of approximately $
18
million to goodwill. The adjustments did not have a significant impact on Amgen’s results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2023, and would not have had a significant impact on prior-period results if the adjustments had been made as of the acquisition date.
F-19
The following table summarizes the final total consideration and allocated acquisition date fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, inclusive of measurement-period adjustments (in millions):
The $
3.9
billion total consideration consisted of (i) a $
3.7
billion cash payment to outstanding common stockholders of ChemoCentryx and (ii) a $
181
million cash payment to equity award holders of ChemoCentryx for services rendered prior to the acquisition date of October 20, 2022, under the ChemoCentryx equity award plans.