for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted, and entities may apply the standard prospectively or retrospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses, to improve disclosures about a public business entity’s expenses by requiring disaggregated disclosures of certain types of expenses, including purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, intangible amortization and depletion, as applicable, for each income statement caption that includes those expenses. In addition, the standard will require entities to define and disclose total selling expenses. The standard is effective for public business entities such as Amgen for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted, and entities may apply the standard prospectively or retrospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
6
2.
Segment and other information
We operate our business in
one
operating segment, which also represents
one
reportable segment: human therapeutics. Therefore, results of our operations are reported on a consolidated basis for purposes of segment reporting, consistent with internal management reporting.
The human therapeutics segment is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacturing and delivery of innovative medicines to fight some of the world’s toughest diseases. The Company’s Chief Executive Officer has been identified as the chief operating decision maker (CODM). The CODM manages and allocates resources on a consolidated basis. The determination of a single segment is consistent with the financial information regularly reviewed by the CODM for purposes of evaluating performance and allocating resources, which is reviewed on a consolidated basis.
As the Company’s CODM evaluates the financial performance of the Company’s human therapeutics segment on a consolidated basis, the measure of segment performance is net income, as reflected in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). The CODM uses net income to allocate resources on a consolidated basis, which enables the CODM to both assess the overall level of resources available and optimize the distribution of resources across functions, therapeutic areas, regions and research and development programs in line with our long-term corporate-wide strategic goals. In addition, the CODM may also evaluate financial performance based on net income adjusted for certain items that are unusual and non-recurring. As the Company manages its assets on a consolidated basis, the measure of segment assets is