penalties associated with UTBs were $
1.6
billion and $
1.4
billion, respectively.
The reconciliations between the federal statutory tax rate applied to income before income taxes and our effective tax rate were as follows:
The effective tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, differ from the federal statutory rate primarily due to impacts of the jurisdictional mix of income and expenses. Substantially all of the benefit to our effective tax rate from foreign earnings results from locations where the Company has significant manufacturing operations, including Singapore, Ireland and Puerto Rico, a territory of the United States that is treated as a foreign jurisdiction for U.S. tax purposes. Our operations in Puerto Rico are subject to tax incentive grants through 2050. Additionally, the Company’s operations conducted in Singapore are subject to a tax incentive grant through 2036. Our foreign earnings are also subject to U.S. tax at a reduced rate of 10.5% and to the OECD’s 15% global minimum tax in jurisdictions where enacted.
Beginning on January 1, 2023, we were no longer subject to a 4% excise tax in the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico on the gross intercompany purchase price of goods and services from our manufacturer in Puerto Rico. We qualify for and are subject to the alternative income tax rate on industrial development income of our Puerto Rico affiliate. In the United States, this income tax qualifies for foreign tax credits. Both this income tax and the associated foreign tax credits are generally recognized in our provision for income taxes. We accounted for the 2022 excise tax that was capitalized in Inventories as an expense in Cost of sales when the related products were sold in the first half of 2023, and a foreign tax credit was not recognized with respect to the excise tax expense in 2023. We did not have this excise tax exposure in 2024.
F-26
Income taxes paid during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, were $
2.9
billion, $
3.4
billion and $
2.4
billion, respectively.
One or more of our legal entities file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various U.S. state jurisdictions and certain foreign jurisdictions. Our income tax returns are routinely examined by tax authorities in those jurisdictions. Significant disputes can arise and have arisen with tax authorities involving issues regarding the timing and amount of deductions, the use of tax credits and allocations of income and expenses among various tax jurisdictions because of differing interpretations of tax laws, regulations and relevant facts. Tax authorities, including the IRS, are becoming more aggressive and are particularly focused on such matters.
In 2017, we received an RAR and a modified RAR from the IRS for the years 2010–2012, proposing significant adjustments that primarily relate to the allocation of profits between certain of our entities in the United States and the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico. We disagreed