made, or (b) the product without the benefits derived from orphan status, would not generate sufficient return in the EU to justify the necessary investment in developing the medicinal product; and (iii) there exists no satisfactory authorized method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of the condition that has been authorized in the EU, or even if such method exists, the product will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition. An application for the designation of a medicinal product as an orphan medicinal product may be submitted at any stage of development of the medicinal product but before the filing of an MAA. A marketing authorization for an orphan medicinal product may only include indications designated as orphan. For non-orphan indications treated with the same active pharmaceutical ingredient, a separate marketing authorization has to be sought. Approved orphan drugs in the EU receive 10 years of market exclusivity for the approved indication in all EU member states. We currently have orphan medicinal product designation for BLINCYTO in the EU and intend to seek medicinal product designation for a number of our products in the future.
Other countries such as those in Latin America and the Middle East have review processes and data requirements similar to those of the EU and in some cases can rely on prior marketing approval from U.S. or EU regulatory authorities. The regulatory process in these countries may include manufacturing/testing facility inspections, testing of drug product upon importation and other domestic requirements.
In Asia Pacific, a number of countries such as China, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan may require local clinical-trial data for bridging purposes as part of the drug registration process in addition to global clinical trials, which can add to overall drug development and registration timelines. In most of the Asian markets, registration timelines depend on marketing approval in the United States or the EU. In some markets in Asia, such as China, Indonesia and Thailand, regulatory timelines can be less predictable. The regulatory process may also include manufacturing/testing facility inspections, testing of drug product upon importation and other domestic requirements. Countries such as Australia and Japan have more-mature systems that would allow for submissions under more-competitive time frames. With regard to biosimilars, several of these countries have pathways to register biosimilars (e.g., Australia, India, Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan), and biosimilar products are already present on the markets (e.g., Australia and South Korea).
In some countries, such as Japan and those in the EU, medical devices may be subject to regulatory regimes whereby manufacturers must establish that their medical devices conform to essential requirements set out in the law for the particular device category. For example, in the EU, with limited exceptions, medical devices placed on the market must