and other parts of Asia, Latin America and the Middle East by using our own affiliates, by acquiring existing third-party businesses or product rights or by collaborating with third parties. In the Asia Pacific region, we also sell our products in partnership with other companies, including Astellas Pharma Inc., BeiGene, Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd., Takeda Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Kyowa Kirin and Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation. This international footprint allows us to deliver our medicines to more patients globally. See Business Relationships for our significant alliances. Whether we use our own sales and marketing forces or a third party’s services varies across these markets. Such use typically depends on several factors, including the nature of entry into the new market, the size of an opportunity and operational capabilities. Together with our collaborators, we market our products to healthcare providers, including physicians or their clinics, dialysis centers, hospitals and pharmacies.
In the United States, substantially all of our sales are to pharmaceutical wholesale distributors, which is the principal means of distributing our products to healthcare providers. We market certain products through direct-to-consumer channels, including print, television and online media. For further discussion, see Government Regulation—Regulation in the United States—Regulation of Product Marketing and Promotion. Outside the United States, we sell principally to healthcare providers and/or pharmaceutical wholesale distributors depending on the distribution practice in each country.
Our product sales to three large wholesalers, McKesson Corporation, Cencora, Inc. and Cardinal Health, Inc., each individually accounted for more than 10% of total revenues for each of the years 2024, 2023 and 2022. On a combined basis, these wholesalers accounted for 77%, 79% and 82% of worldwide gross revenues for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We monitor the financial condition of our larger customers and limit our credit exposure by setting credit limits and, in certain circumstances, by requiring letters of credit or obtaining credit insurance.
2
Our products are marketed around the world, with the United States as our largest market. The following chart shows our product sales by principal product, and the table below (dollar amounts in millions) shows product sales by geography for the years 2024, 2023 and 2022.
____________
(1)
TEPEZZA and KRYSTEXXA were acquired from our Horizon acquisition on October 6, 2023, and include product sales in the periods after the acquisition date.
(2)
Consists of product sales of our non-principal products.
3
Prolia
We market Prolia in many countries around the world. Prolia and XGEVA contain the same active ingredient but are approved for different indications, patient populations, dose and frequency of administration. Prolia was launched in the United States and Europe in 2010. In the United States, it is used primarily in the