basis swap spreads. Certain inputs, when applicable, are at commonly quoted intervals. See Note 12, Derivative instruments.
Summary of the fair values of other financial instruments
Cash equivalents
The fair values of cash equivalents approximate their carrying values due to the short-term nature of such financial instruments.
Borrowings
We estimate the fair values of our fixed-rate debt by using Level 2 inputs. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the aggregate fair values of our fixed-rate debt were $
53.0
billion and $
54.9
billion, respectively, and the carrying values of our fixed-rate debt were $
55.6
billion and $
58.3
billion, respectively. The estimates of the fair values of our term loans approximate their carrying values as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, as these debt instruments bear interest at floating rates.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, there were no transfers of assets or liabilities between fair value measurement levels. Except with respect to the partial impairment of the Otezla intangible asset as discussed in Note 8, Goodwill and other intangible assets, there were no material remeasurements of the fair values of assets and liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
12.
Derivative instruments
The Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate risks related to its business operations. To reduce our risks related to such exposures, we use or have used certain derivative instruments, including foreign currency forward, foreign currency option, cross-currency swap, forward interest rate and interest rate swap contracts. We have designated certain of our derivatives as cash flow and fair value hedges; we also have derivatives not designated as hedges. We do not use derivatives for speculative trading purposes.
Cash flow hedges
We are exposed to possible changes in the values of certain anticipated foreign currency cash flows resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates primarily associated with our euro-denominated international product sales. The foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation exposure associated with cash inflows from our international product sales is partially offset by corresponding cash outflows from our international operating expenses. To further reduce our exposure, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of our projected international product sales up to a maximum of
three years
into the future; and at any given point in time, a higher percentage of nearer-term projected product sales is being hedged than in successive periods.
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts with aggregate notional amounts of $
7.3
billion and $
7.2
billion, respectively. We have designated these foreign currency forward contracts, which are primarily euro based, as cash flow hedges. Accordingly, we record the unrealized gains and losses on