value by applying a discount rate that represents the estimated rate that market participants would use to value the intangible assets. The projected cash flows were based on certain assumptions attributable to the respective intangible asset, including estimates of future revenues and expenses, the time and resources needed to complete development and the probabilities of obtaining marketing approval from the FDA and other regulatory agencies. The developed-product-technology rights are being amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average period of approximately
10
years from the acquisition date using the straight-line methodology.
F-18
The estimated fair value of the acquired inventory of $
5.0
billion was determined using the comparative sales method, which uses actual or expected selling prices of inventory as the base amount to which adjustments for selling effort and a profit on the buyer’s effort are applied. The inventory fair value adjustment is being amortized using a weighted-average inventory turnover, which we estimate to approximate
27
months from the acquisition date.
A deferred tax liability of $
2.5
billion was recognized on the temporary differences related to the book bases and tax bases of the acquired identifiable assets and assumed liabilities, primarily driven by the intangible assets acquired, as well as associated deferred tax asset for anticipatory foreign tax credits of $
795
million.
The excess of the acquisition date consideration over the fair values assigned to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed of $
3.1
billion was recorded as goodwill, which is not deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill value represents expected synergies from the marketed products acquired and other benefits.
During the three months ended December 31, 2023, the Company incurred approximately $
487
million of acquisition costs related to the closing of our Horizon acquisition, consisting of $
167
million for share-based payments to settle non-vested equity awards attributable to post-combination services, severance and other employee-related expenses and $
320
million for transaction costs. These costs were included primarily in SG&A expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
Supplemental Pro Forma Financial Information
The following table presents the unaudited supplemental pro forma results of a hypothetical combined
Amgen and Horizon entity for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, as if the acquisition of Horizon had occurred on January 1, 2022 (in millions):
The unaudited supplemental pro forma combined financial information was prepared using the acquisition method of accounting and was based on the historical financial information of Amgen and Horizon. In order to reflect the occurrence of the acquisition on January 1, 2022, the unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information includes adjustments to reflect: (i) incremental amortization expense based on the fair values of the identifiable