outside the United States, and we have had relatively low global turnover rates compared to peer companies, based on available industry information. We also supplement our workforce with independent contractors, contingent workers and temporary workers, as needed. Outside of the United States, some of our employees are represented by unions or works councils. We consider our staff relations to be good, supported by regular assessments of staff engagement surveys on a wide range of topics (including flexible work environments, career development, and maintaining a culture of compliance). Our engagement scores were above general market benchmarks in 2024. We discuss the results of these surveys with our workforce and our Board of Directors. Reflecting our staff members’ desire to retain a flexible approach to work, we offer a flexible workspace initiative that enables many employees to work together with their manager to determine the location that best enables their work at hand, supporting virtual work as well as working in person.
Compensation, Benefits and Development
Our approach to employee compensation and benefits is designed to deliver cash, equity and benefit programs that are competitive with those offered by leading companies in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, and to attract, motivate and retain talent with a focus on encouraging performance, promoting accountability and adherence to our values and alignment with the interests of the Company’s stockholders.
Our base pay program aims to compensate staff members relative to the value of the contributions of their role, which takes into account the skills, knowledge and abilities required to perform each position, as well as the experience brought to the job. We also provide annual incentive programs to reward our staff in alignment with achievement of Company-wide goals that are established annually and designed to drive aspects of our strategic priorities that support and advance our strategy across our Company and are intended to positively position us for both near- and long-term success. The majority of our staff members are also eligible for equity award grants under our long-term incentive program that are designed to align the interests of our staff members with those of our stockholders. For senior level staff, a significant proportion of equity award value is dependent on Company performance.
All staff participate in a regular performance measurement process through which staff receive performance and development feedback, and pay is aligned to performance. Our values and leadership attributes are an integral part of the performance assessments of our staff members, and these evaluations serve as an important information tool and basis for promotion and compensation decisions.
Our staff receive, and are guided by, regular trainings that help them understand what is expected of them. Further, to support the development of our staff, we provide a variety of