provided to the supplier in the course of its provision of services to us, including business documents and certain personally identifiable patient information (not including social security or other financial or health insurance information). As required, we promptly notified the applicable state attorneys general and the individuals whose personally identifiable information was affected of this data breach at the supplier. In the third quarter of 2022, another service provider experienced a similar cybersecurity breach in which an attacker exfiltrated certain data (including non-significant Amgen data) from the service provider’s systems. Additionally, in April 2024, one of our former vendors notified us that its subsidiary that had provided us with certain patient support services until mid-2022, experienced a cybersecurity incident that it discovered in February 2024 and that data containing individually identifiable health information of over 1.7 million Amgen patients (that was retained as required by FDA regulations) was involved in the incident. Pursuant to the Health Breach Notification Rule requirements, we notified the FTC of this incident. Although these supplier data breaches have not resulted in material adverse effects on our business, there can be no assurance that a similar future cybersecurity incident would not result in a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. Further, the timeliness of our awareness of a cybersecurity incident affects our ability to respond to and work to mitigate the severity of such events. For example, in 2020 and 2022, two of our vendors experienced cyberattacks and each initially reported to us that neither event involved our data. However, upon further investigation, they each subsequently informed us that the attackers had accessed limited, non-significant Amgen information. Although neither of these breaches had a significant adverse effect on our business, in the future we may again not receive timely reporting of cybersecurity events, and such events could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Cyberattackers are also increasingly exploiting vulnerabilities in commercially available software from shared or open-source code. We rely on third party commercial software that have had and may have such vulnerabilities, but as use of open-source code is frequently not disclosed, our ability to fully assess this risk to our systems is limited. For example, in December 2021, a remote code execution vulnerability was discovered in a software library that is widely used in a variety of commercially available software and services. Although this vulnerability has not resulted in any significant adverse effects on us, there can be no assurances that a similar future vulnerability in the software and services that we use would not result in a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.
Domestic and global government regulators, our business partners,