substantial disruption in our ability to operate our Thousand Oaks manufacturing facility could materially and adversely affect our ability to supply our product candidates for use in our clinical trials, leading to delays in development of our product candidates.
In addition, we currently perform a substantial majority of our commercial manufacturing activities at our facility in the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico. In recent years, Puerto Rico has been affected by a number of natural disasters, including Hurricanes Maria (2017) and Fiona (2022), as well as earthquakes (2020). These natural disasters have affected, and may continue to affect, public and private properties and Puerto Rico’s electric grid and communications networks. While the critical manufacturing areas of our commercial manufacturing facility were not significantly affected by these natural disasters, the restoration of electrical service on the island after Hurricane Maria was a slow process, and our facility relied on backup diesel powered generators for some time. We also operated on backup generators for a few weeks after the early 2020 earthquakes in Puerto Rico. In 2021, the baseload power generation units of the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority malfunctioned, leading to selective outages across the island. In September 2022, Hurricane Fiona caused further damage to the island’s utility infrastructure which again resulted in widespread power outages and water supply issues. On December 31, 2024, an island-wide power outage also required that we operate on backup generators. Although these events did not directly have a material effect on our business, they have resulted in disruptions to our third-party suppliers on the island. Further instability of the electric grid could require us to increase our use of our generators or to use them exclusively. In addition, future storms,
48
earthquakes or other natural or man-made disasters or events (including political unrest or labor shortages) could have a more significant effect on our manufacturing operations. The COVID-19 pandemic also resulted in disruptions to activities on the island. In March 2020, the Governor of Puerto Rico issued Executive Orders requiring the lockdown of businesses and government facilities, imposing restrictions on business operations and a curfew on residents in response to COVID-19. Additionally, during the summer of 2021, a labor dispute arose between the maritime terminal operation company and its employees, represented by the International Longshoremen’s Association (ILA), which resulted in a strike that delayed cargo movement from the San Juan Port Zone for several days. Hurricanes Maria and Fiona, the 2020 earthquakes, the COVID-19 pandemic and the ILA strike have placed greater stress on the island’s already challenged economy. Beginning in 2016, the government of Puerto Rico defaulted on its roughly $72 billion of debt. In response, the U.S. Congress passed the Puerto Rico Oversight,