clinical trials) for new and existing products, (ii) capital expenditures and (iii) open purchase orders for the acquisition of goods and services in the ordinary course of business. Most of these obligations are expected to be paid within one year, and payment of certain of these amounts may be reduced based on certain future events.
In addition to the purchase obligations noted above and upon the achievement of various development, regulatory and commercial milestones for agreements we have entered into with third parties, we are contractually obligated to pay additional amounts that, in the aggregate, are significant. These payments are contingent upon the occurrence of various future events, substantially all of which have a high degree of uncertainty of occurring, and any resulting cash requirements are managed through our operational budgeting processes. Except with respect to the fair value of the contingent consideration of approximately $106 million as of December 31, 2024, these obligations are not recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2024, the maximum amount that may be payable in the future for agreements we have entered into with third parties is $5.6 billion.
We have recorded liabilities for UTBs that, because of their nature, have a high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payment and other events that extinguish these liabilities. See Part IV—Note 7, Income taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
76
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the notes to the financial statements. Some of those judgments can be subjective and complex, and therefore, actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Our significant accounting policies are included in Part IV—Note 1, Summary of significant accounting policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The following are considered critical to our consolidated financial statements because they require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because of the need to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain.
Product sales and sales deductions
Revenue from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of a product to a customer, generally upon delivery, based on an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled, net of accruals for estimated rebates, wholesaler chargebacks, discounts and other deductions (collectively, sales deductions) established at the time of sale.
We analyze the adequacy of our accruals for sales deductions quarterly. Amounts accrued for sales deductions are adjusted when trends or significant events indicate that adjustment is appropriate. Accruals are also adjusted to reflect actual results.