addition, some of our products or product candidates, including many of our oncology product candidates and products, including LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS and bemarituzumab, may also require the use of a companion or other diagnostic device such as a device that determines whether the patient is eligible to use our drug or that helps ensure its safe and effective use. In some regions, including the United States, regulatory authorities may require contemporaneous approval of the companion diagnostic device and the therapeutic product; in others the regulatory authorities may require a separate study of the companion diagnostic device. Our product candidates or expanded indications of our products used with such devices may not be approved or may be substantially delayed in receiving regulatory approval if development or approval of such devices is delayed, such devices do not also gain or maintain regulatory approval or clearance, or if such devices do not remain commercially available. When approval of the product and device is sought under a single marketing drug application, the increased complexity of the review process may delay receipt of regulatory approval. In addition, some of these devices may be provided by single-source unaffiliated third-party companies. We are dependent on the sustained cooperation and effort of those third-party companies to supply and/or market the devices and, in some cases, to conduct the studies required for approval or clearance by the applicable regulatory agencies. We are also dependent on those third-party companies continuing to meet applicable regulatory or other requirements. Failure to successfully develop, modify, or supply the devices, delays in or failures of the Amgen or third-party studies, or failure by us or the third-party companies to obtain or maintain regulatory approval or clearance of the devices could result in increased
47
development costs; delays in, or failure to obtain or maintain, regulatory approval; and/or associated delays in a product candidate reaching the market or in the addition of new indications for existing products. We are also required to collect and assess user complaints, adverse events and malfunctions regarding our devices, and actual or perceived safety problems or concerns with a device used with our product can lead to regulatory actions and adverse effects on our products. See
Our current products and products in development cannot be sold without regulatory approval
. Additionally, regulatory agencies conduct routine monitoring and inspections to identify and evaluate potential issues with our devices. For example, in 2017, the FDA reported on its adverse event reporting system that it was evaluating our Neulasta Onpro kit. Subsequently, we implemented device and labeling enhancements to address product complaints received on this device. We continuously monitor complaints and adverse events and implement additional enhancements as needed. Loss of regulatory approval or