During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, product sales from Amgen to BeiGene under the collaboration were $
259
million, $
125
million and $
64
million, respectively, and were recorded in Product sales in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Profit and loss share expenses related to the initial product-specific commercialization period were not material during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Kyowa Kirin Co., Ltd.
We are in a collaboration and licensing agreement with Kyowa Kirin to jointly develop and commercialize rocatinlimab, an anti-OX40 fully human monoclonal antibody, worldwide, except in Japan. Rocatinlimab is for the treatment of atopic dermatitis, with potential for treatment of other autoimmune diseases.
Under the terms of the agreement, we lead the global development, manufacture and commercialization of rocatinlimab, except in Japan. Kyowa Kirin will co-promote rocatinlimab with Amgen in the United States and have opt in rights to co-promote rocatinlimab in various other markets outside the United States, including in Europe and Asia.
We made an upfront payment of $
400
million to Kyowa Kirin that was recognized in R&D expense in the third quarter of 2021. Amgen and Kyowa Kirin share equally the global development costs, except in Japan, and the U.S. commercialization costs. Outside the United States and Japan, any commercialization costs incurred by Kyowa Kirin will be reimbursed by Amgen. We may also be required to make milestone payments of up to $
850
million contingent upon the achievement of certain regulatory events and commercial thresholds. We will also pay Kyowa Kirin significant double-digit royalties on global sales, except in Japan. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, net costs recovered from Kyowa Kirin were $
166
million, $
93
million and $
23
million, respectively, and were recorded as an offset to R&D expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
Other
In addition to the collaborations discussed above, we have various other collaborations that are not individually significant to our business at this time. Pursuant to the terms of those agreements, we may be required to pay additional amounts, or we may receive additional amounts upon the achievement of various development and commercial milestones that in the aggregate could be significant. We may also incur or have reimbursed to us significant R&D costs if a related product candidate were to advance to late-stage clinical trials. In addition, if any products related to these collaborations are approved for sale, we may be required to pay significant royalties, or we may receive significant royalties on future sales. The payments of these amounts, however, are contingent upon the occurrence of various future events that have high degrees of uncertainty of occurrence.
F-29
10.
Investments
Available-for-sale investments
The amortized cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses and fair values of