Factors—
We could be subject to additional tax liabilities, including from an adverse outcome in our ongoing tax dispute with the IRS and other tax examinations, enactment of the OECD minimum corporate tax rate agreement and the adoption and interpretation of new tax legislation, and we anticipate additional tax liabilities from certain provisions of the 2017 Tax Act that will go into effect in 2026; such tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability and results of operations,
and Note 4, Income taxes, to the condensed consolidated financial statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further discussion.
Financial condition, liquidity and capital resources
Selected financial data were as follows (in millions):
Cash and cash equivalents
Our balance of cash and cash equivalents was $8.8 billion as of March 31, 2025. The primary objective of our investment portfolio is to maintain safety of principal, prudent levels of liquidity and acceptable levels of risk. Our investment policy limits interest-bearing security investments to certain types of debt and money market instruments issued by institutions with primarily investment-grade credit ratings, and it places restrictions on maturities and concentration by asset class and issuer.
Capital allocation
Consistent with the objective to optimize our capital structure, we deploy our accumulated cash balances in a strategic manner and consider a number of alternatives, including investments in innovation both internally and externally (including investments that expand our portfolio of products in areas of therapeutic interest), capital expenditures, repayment of debt, payment of dividends and stock repurchases.
We intend to continue investing in our business while reducing our debt and returning capital to stockholders through the payment of cash dividends and stock repurchases. This reflects our desire to optimize our cost of capital and our confidence in the future cash flows of our business. The timing and amount of future dividends and stock repurchases will vary based on a number of factors, including future capital requirements for strategic transactions, debt levels and debt service requirements, our credit rating, availability of financing on acceptable terms, changes to applicable tax laws or corporate laws, changes to our business model and periodic determination by our Board of Directors that cash dividends and/or stock repurchases are in the best interests of stockholders and are in compliance with applicable laws and the Company’s agreements. In addition, the timing and amount of stock repurchases may also be affected by our overall level of cash, stock price and blackout periods, during which we are restricted from repurchasing stock. The manner of stock repurchases may include block purchases, tender offers, accelerated share repurchases and market transactions.
37
In December 2024, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $2.38 per share of common