due to the complexity of the provision for income taxes and uncertain resolution of these matters, the ultimate outcome of any tax matters may result in payments substantially greater than amounts accrued and could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements.
We are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for years ended on or before December 31, 2009.
F-27
8.
Earnings per share
The computation of basic EPS is based on the weighted-average number of our common shares outstanding. The computation of diluted EPS is based on the weighted-average number of our common shares outstanding and dilutive potential common shares, which primarily include shares that may be issued under our stock option, restricted stock and performance unit award programs (collectively, dilutive securities), as determined by using the treasury stock method.
The computations for basic and diluted EPS were as follows (in millions, except per-share data):
For each of the three years ended December 31, 2024, the number of antidilutive employee stock-based awards excluded from the computation of diluted EPS was not significant.
9.
Collaborations
A collaborative arrangement is a contractual arrangement that involves a joint operating activity. Such arrangements involve two or more parties that are both (i) active participants in the activity and (ii) exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of the activity.
From time to time, we enter into collaborative arrangements for the R&D, manufacture and/or commercialization of products and/or product candidates. These collaborations generally provide for nonrefundable upfront license fees, development and commercial-performance milestone payments, cost sharing, royalties and/or profit sharing. Our collaboration arrangements are performed with no guarantee of either technological or commercial success, and each arrangement is unique in nature. See Note 1, Summary of significant accounting policies, for additional discussion of revenues recognized under these types of arrangements. Operating expenses for costs incurred pursuant to these arrangements are reported in their respective expense line items in the Consolidated Statements of Income, net of any payments due to or reimbursements due from our collaboration partners, with such reimbursements being recognized at the time the party becomes obligated to pay. Our significant arrangements are discussed below.
AstraZeneca plc
We are in a collaboration with AstraZeneca for the development and commercialization of TEZSPIRE. Under our collaboration, both companies share global costs, profits and losses equally after payment by AstraZeneca of a mid-single-digit royalty to Amgen. AstraZeneca leads global development. In North America, Amgen, as the principal, recognizes product sales of TEZSPIRE in the United States, and AstraZeneca, as the principal, recognizes product sales of TEZSPIRE in Canada. AstraZeneca leads