into effect in future years, and the OECD is expected to continue to release additional guidance that may impact the application and interpretation of the agreement that could further increase our tax liabilities. Other countries, including the United States and the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, have not yet enacted the OECD agreement and implementation remains highly uncertain. The continued enactment of the agreement, either by all OECD participants or unilaterally by individual countries, could result in tax increases or double taxation in the United States or foreign jurisdictions.
The tax rates associated with certain international provisions of the 2017 Tax Act are set to increase beginning in 2026. If those changes take effect as scheduled, we anticipate that the overall U.S. tax rate on our foreign income would increase. The Administration and U.S. Congress are discussing various proposals that would renew, modify, or eliminate the international and other corporate provisions of the 2017 Tax Act and U.S. tax law more generally. Changes to existing tax law in the United States, the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico or other jurisdictions, including the changes and potential changes discussed above, could result in tax increases where we do business and could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations.
Our business may be affected by litigation and government investigations.
We and certain of our subsidiaries are involved in legal proceedings. See Part IV—Note 20, Contingencies and commitments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Civil and criminal litigation is inherently unpredictable, and the outcome can result in costly verdicts, fines and penalties, exclusion from federal healthcare programs and/or injunctive relief that affect how we operate our business. Defense of litigation claims can be expensive, time consuming and distracting, and it is possible that we could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims for monetary damages or change the way we operate our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. In addition, product liability is a major risk in testing and marketing biotechnology and pharmaceutical products. We may face substantial product liability exposure in human clinical trials and for products we sell after regulatory approval. Product liability claims, regardless of their merits, could be costly and divert management’s attention and could adversely affect our reputation and the demand for our products. We and certain of our subsidiaries have previously been, and currently are, named as defendants in product liability actions for certain of our products.
We are also involved in government investigations that arise in the ordinary course of our business. In recent years, there has been a trend of increasing government investigations and litigations against companies operating in our industry, both in the United States and