we charge wholesalers. When healthcare providers purchase our products through wholesalers at these reduced prices, wholesalers charge us for the difference between their purchase prices and the contractual prices between Amgen and the healthcare providers. The provision for chargebacks is based on expected sales by our wholesaler customers to healthcare providers. Accruals for wholesaler chargebacks are less difficult to estimate than rebates are, and they closely approximate actual results because chargeback amounts are fixed at the date of purchase by the healthcare providers and because we generally settle the liability for these deductions within a few weeks.
Income taxes
We provide for income taxes based on pretax income and applicable tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate.
We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by tax authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit recognized in the consolidated financial statements for a particular tax position is based on the largest benefit that is more likely than not to be realized. The amount of UTBs is adjusted as appropriate for changes in facts and circumstances, such as significant amendments to existing tax law, new regulations or interpretations by tax authorities, new information obtained during a tax examination or resolution of an examination. We believe our estimates for uncertain tax positions are appropriate and sufficient for any assessments that may result from examinations of our tax returns. We recognize both accrued interest and penalties, when appropriate, related to UTBs in income tax expense. See Part IV—Note 7, Income taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Certain items are included in our tax return at different times than they are reflected in the financial statements, and they cause temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts. Such temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are generally items that can be used as tax deductions or credits in tax returns in future years but for which we have already recorded the tax benefit in the consolidated financial statements. We establish valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets when the amount of expected future taxable income is not likely to support the use of the deduction or credit. Deferred tax liabilities are either (i) tax expenses recognized in the consolidated financial statements for which payment has been deferred, (ii) expenses for which we have already taken a deduction on the tax return but have not yet recognized in the consolidated financial statements or (iii) liabilities for the difference between the book basis and the tax basis of the intangible assets acquired in many business combinations, because future expenses associated with these assets