give Part D plans more flexibility to substitute biosimilars for innovator products on formularies in 2025. Additionally, various government agencies have taken actions designed to reduce expenditures on prescription drugs. For example, HHS released a report with drug pricing proposals that seek to promote competition. The April 2025 EO also directs HHS to provide recommendations within 180 days to accelerate the approval of generics, biosimilars, combination products and second-in-class medications, as well as to address Medicaid drug rebates and Medicaid drug payment methodologies, and, within one year, to develop and implement a plan to test a payment model to enable Medicare to obtain pharmaceuticals at lower cost. Other CMS policy changes and demonstration projects to test new care, delivery and payment models can also significantly affect how drugs, including our products, are covered and reimbursed.
We also face risks related to the reporting of pricing data that affects reimbursement of and discounts provided for our products. U.S. government price reporting regulations are complex and may require biopharmaceutical manufacturers to update certain previously submitted data. If our submitted pricing data are incorrect, we may become subject to substantial fines and penalties or other government enforcement actions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, as a result of restating previously reported price data, we may be required to pay additional rebates and provide additional discounts.
—Changing reimbursement and pricing actions in various states have negatively affected, and may continue to negatively affect, access to, and have affected, and may continue to affect, sales of our products
At the state level, legislation, government actions, and ballot initiatives can also affect how our products are covered and reimbursed and/or create additional pressure on our pricing decisions. Existing and proposed state pricing laws have added complexity to the pricing of drugs and may already be affecting industry pricing decisions. A number of states have adopted, and many other states are considering, PDABs, drug importation programs, reference pricing schemes, and other drug pricing actions, including proposals designed to require biopharmaceutical manufacturers to report to the state proprietary pricing information or provide advance notice of certain price increases.
States are also enacting laws referencing the IRA and seeking to regulate and prohibit restrictions on the 340B Program. For example, following the passage of the IRA, bills have been proposed in multiple states that would apply the drug price caps set by HHS for Medicare to drug prices in an individual state, and such references to IRA price caps have also been included in PDAB legislation. For Medicaid patients, states have established a Medicaid drug spending cap (New York) and implemented a new review and supplemental