terminated or canceled without the issuance of shares, the shares subject to such awards are added back into the authorized pool on the same basis that they were removed. In addition, under the Amended 2009 Plan, shares withheld to pay for minimum statutory tax obligations with respect to full-value awards are added back into the authorized pool on the basis of
1.9
shares. As of December 31, 2024, the Amended 2009 Plan provides for future grants and/or issuances of up to approximately
59
million shares of our common stock. Stock-based awards under our employee compensation plans are made with newly issued shares reserved for this purpose.
The following table reflects the components of stock-based compensation expense recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Income (in millions):
Restricted stock units and stock options
Eligible employees generally receive an annual grant of RSUs and, for certain executive-level employees, stock options, with the size and type of award generally determined by the employee’s salary grade and performance level. Certain management and professional-level employees typically receive RSU grants upon commencement of employment. Nonemployee members of our Board of Directors also receive an annual grant of RSUs.
Our RSU and stock option grants provide for accelerated or continued vesting in certain circumstances as defined in the plans and related grant agreements, including upon death, disability, termination in connection with a change in control and the retirement of employees who meet certain service and/or age requirements. RSUs and stock options generally vest in equal amounts on the second, third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. RSUs accrue dividend equivalents, which are typically payable in shares only when and to the extent the underlying RSUs vest and are issued to the recipient.
Restricted stock units
The grant date fair value of an RSU equals the closing price of our common stock on the grant date, as RSUs accrue dividend equivalents during their vesting period, except with respect to certain holders of Horizon unvested RSUs who were granted replacement Amgen RSUs in 2023 under the original terms of the awards in connection with the Horizon acquisition based on the terms of the transaction. See Note 4, Acquisitions and divestitures. Subsequent to the Horizon acquisition, $
42
million of the RSUs were accelerated and cash settled in 2023. The weighted-average grant date fair values per unit of RSUs granted (excluding replacement awards granted to Horizon RSU holders) during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, were $
301.36
, $
237.70
and $
234.47
, respectively.
F-21
The following table summarizes information regarding our RSUs:
The total grant date fair values of RSUs that vested during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, were $
401
million, $
309
million and $
192
million, respectively.
Stock options
The exercise price of stock options is set as the closing price of