conditions could precipitate or materially amplify the other risks described herein. On April 2, 2025, the Administration issued an executive order (the April 2025 Tariff EO) imposing a universal 10% tariff on all imported goods, with certain exceptions including pharmaceuticals. The April 2025 Tariff EO imposed additional higher tariffs on approximately 60 countries with which the United States has trade deficits. However, on April 9, 2025 the Administration temporarily placed the country-specific tariffs on hold for 90 days, except the tariff on goods imported from China, which was subsequently raised to 145%. Shortly after the April 2025 Tariff EO, China announced 34% retaliatory tariffs that were subsequently increased to 125% on goods imported from the United States. The EU also announced 25% retaliatory tariffs on certain goods imported from the United States, excluding pharmaceuticals, which was subsequently paused for 90 days in response to the Administration’s pause on country-specific tariffs. While the April 2025 Tariff EO exempts pharmaceuticals, the universal 10% tariff and any foreign retaliatory tariffs will increase certain of our costs, including the materials we use to manufacture our products as well as to conduct our research and development activities, such as delivery devices, consumable supplies and certain other laboratory materials, and the tariffs imposed by China may negatively affect our business in that country. On April 1, 2025, the Administration initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 of the importation of
49
pharmaceuticals, pharmaceutical ingredients and their derivative products, which may lead to the imposition of a sector-specific tariff on such products. If the current tariff exemptions applicable to pharmaceutical products are revoked, or if new sector-specific tariffs targeting pharmaceuticals, pharmaceutical ingredients and their derivative products are imposed, our product sales and research and development activities may be adversely affected. Further, the administrative requirements of tariffs across global trade could also slow and/or delay the processing and delivery of products and materials in supply chains. Given the many uncertainties and variables, it is currently unclear the extent, and degree, to which existing and future tariffs will disrupt and adversely affect our business activities (including product sales, and conduct of clinical trial and research and development activities), and the global economic environment, and/or amplify the other risks described herein. See our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors
—We may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to us, or at all
.
We maintain a significant portfolio of investments on our consolidated balance sheets. In the recent past, the global COVID-19 pandemic and interest rate increases have led to