around the world. See
Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability.
Our business activities outside of the United States are subject to the FCPA and similar antibribery or anticorruption laws, regulations or rules of other countries in which we operate, including the U.K. Bribery Act. We cannot ensure that all our employees, agents, contractors, vendors, licensees, partners or collaborators will comply with all applicable laws and regulations. We entered into a corporate integrity agreement with the DOJ and the OIG of the HHS to settle certain allegations relating to our support of independent charitable organizations that provide patients with financial assistance to access their medicines that required us to maintain a corporate compliance program and to undertake a set of defined corporate integrity obligations through April 2024, and that we completed on November 27, 2024. While we fully complied with all of our obligations under the corporate integrity agreement, we may be subject to future corporate integrity agreements and failure to comply could result in substantial penalties and potential exclusion from government healthcare programs. We may also see new government investigations of or actions against us citing novel theories of recovery. For example, prosecutors are placing greater scrutiny on patient support programs, including commercial copay assistance programs, and further enforcement actions and investigations regarding such programs could limit our ability to provide co-pay assistance to commercial patients. Greater scrutiny has also been placed on sponsorships, speaker programs and other arrangements where healthcare professionals receive remuneration, travel or other value to participate in certain events, and further enforcement actions could limit our ability to participate in such arrangements. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
RISKS RELATED TO ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND OPERATING A GLOBAL BUSINESS
Our efforts to collaborate with or acquire other companies, products, or technology, and to integrate the operations of companies or to support the products or technology we have acquired, may not be successful, and may result in unanticipated costs, delays or failures to realize the benefits of the transactions.
We seek innovation through significant investment in both internal R&D and external transactions, including collaborations, partnerships, alliances, licenses, joint ventures, mergers and acquisitions (collectively, acquisition activity).
34
Acquisition activities may be subject to regulatory approvals or other requirements that are not within our control. Antitrust scrutiny by regulatory agencies and changes to regulatory approval process in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions may cause approvals