prior to the 12-year exclusivity period provided under the BPCIA. In addition, we have faced, and may in the future face, patent litigation involving claims that our biosimilar product candidates infringe the patents of other companies, including those that manufacture, market or sell the applicable reference products or who are developing or have developed other biosimilar versions of such products. Patents held by other entities have contributed, and may in the future contribute, to a decision by us to not pursue all of the labeled indications of the applicable reference product. However, a decision not to pursue all of the labeled indications of the applicable reference product might not avoid, or end, potential litigation. While we have attempted,
40
and expect to continue to attempt, to challenge the patents held by other companies, our efforts may be unsuccessful. For examples of and information related to our patent litigation, see Part IV—Note 20, Contingencies and commitments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Certain of the existing patents on our products have expired or will soon expire. See Item 1. Business—Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products—Patents. As our patents expire, competitors are able to legally produce and market similar products or technologies, including biosimilars, which has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. In addition, competitors have been, and may continue to be, able to invalidate, design around or otherwise circumvent our patents and sell competing products.
We currently face competition from biosimilars and generics and expect to face increasing competition from biosimilars and generics in the future.
We currently face competition from biosimilars and generics in most of the territories in which we operate, including the United States and Europe, and we expect to face increasing biosimilar and/or generics competition this year and beyond. Expiration or successful challenge of applicable patent rights or expiration of an applicable exclusivity period has accelerated such competition, and we expect to face more litigation regarding the validity and/or scope of our patents. Our products have also experienced greater competition from lower cost biosimilars or generics that come to market when branded products that compete with our products lose their own patent protection. To the extent that governments adopt more permissive regulatory approval standards and competitors are able to obtain broader or expedited marketing approval for biosimilars and generics, the rate of increased competition for our products would likely accelerate.
In the EU, biosimilars are evaluated for marketing authorization pursuant to a set of general and product class-specific guidelines. In addition, in an effort to spur biosimilar utilization and/or increase potential healthcare savings, some EU countries and some Canadian provinces