bear the Conformité Européenne marking to indicate their conformity with legal requirements.
15
Postapproval Phase
After approval, we continue to monitor adverse events and product complaints reported following the use of our products through routine postmarketing surveillance and studies when applicable. We report such events to the appropriate regulatory agencies as required by local regulations for individual cases and aggregate reports. We proactively monitor (according to good pharmacovigilance practices) and ensure the implementation of signal detection, assessment and the communication of adverse events that may be associated with the use of our products. We also proactively monitor product complaints through our quality systems, which includes assessing our drug delivery devices for device complaints, adverse events and malfunctions. We may also be required by regulatory agencies to conduct further clinical trials on our marketed products as a condition of their approval or to provide additional information on safety and efficacy. Health regulators, including the FDA, have authority to mandate labeling changes to products at any point based on new safety information or as part of an evolving label change to a particular class of products.
Health regulators, including the FDA, also have authority both before and after approval to require that a company implement a risk management program for a product to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the risks. Each risk management program is unique and varies depending on the specific factors required. In the United States, such a risk management program is known as a REMS, and we currently have REMSs for Prolia, Nplate
and BLINCYTO.
Other Regulation
We are also subject to various laws pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including antikickback laws and false-claims laws. Antikickback laws make it illegal to solicit, offer, receive or pay any remuneration in exchange for or to induce the referral of business, including the purchase or prescribing of a particular drug that is reimbursed by a state or federal program. False-claims laws prohibit knowingly and willingly presenting or causing to be presented for payment to third-party payers (including Medicare and Medicaid) any claims for reimbursed drugs or services that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not provided as claimed or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, as well as by the possibility of exclusion from federal healthcare programs (including Medicare and Medicaid). Liability under false-claims laws may also arise when violation of certain laws or regulations related to the underlying product (e.g., a violation regarding improper promotional activity or unlawful payments) contributes to the submission of a false claim. See Item 1A. Risk Factors—Our business may