chargebacks, discounts and other deductions (collectively, sales deductions) and returns established at the time of sale.
We analyze the adequacy of our accruals for sales deductions quarterly. Amounts accrued for sales deductions are adjusted when trends or significant events indicate that an adjustment is appropriate. Accruals are also adjusted to reflect actual results. Accruals for sales deductions are based primarily on estimates of the amounts earned or to be claimed on the related sales. These estimates take into consideration current contractual and statutory requirements, specific known market events and trends, internal and external historical data and forecasted customer buying patterns. Sales deductions are substantially product specific and therefore, for any given period, can be affected by the mix of products sold. Included in sales deductions are immaterial net adjustments related to prior-period sales due to changes in estimates.
Returns are estimated through comparison of historical return data with their related sales on a production lot basis. Historical rates of return are determined for each product and are adjusted for known or expected changes in the marketplace specific to each product, when appropriate. Historically, sales return provisions have amounted to less than
1
% of gross product sales. Changes in estimates for prior-period sales return provisions have historically been immaterial.
Our payment terms vary by types and locations of customers and by products or services offered. Payment terms differ by jurisdiction and customer, but payment is generally required in a term ranging from
30
to
120
days from date of shipment or satisfaction of the performance obligation. For certain products or services and certain customer types, we may require payment before products are delivered or services are rendered to customers.
Indirect taxes collected from customers and remitted to government authorities that are related to sales of the Company’s products, primarily in Europe, are excluded from revenues.
As a practical expedient, sales commissions are expensed when incurred because the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs are recorded in SG&A expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
F-9
Other revenues
Other revenues consist primarily of royalty income and corporate partner revenues. Royalties from licensees are based on third-party sales of licensed products and are recorded when the related third-party product sale occurs. Royalty income is estimated based on historical and forecasted sales trends. Corporate partner revenues are composed mainly of license fees and milestones earned and our share of commercial profits generated from collaborations. See Arrangements with multiple-performance obligations, discussed below.
Arrangements with multiple-performance obligations
From time to time, we enter into arrangements for the R&D, manufacture and/or commercialization of products and product