strategy, our Apprenticeship Program launched in 2023 in our Manufacturing and ATMOS functions and expanded to include another cohort of apprentices at our North Carolina site in January 2025. Our Apprenticeship Program is a skills-based approach that proactively seeks to hire candidates from nontraditional sources and backgrounds and is designed to invest in our future workforce through attracting, hiring and upskilling non-four-year degreed talent in the United States. Through the Apprenticeship Program, we provide individuals with classroom-based and on-the-job training as well as mentorship opportunities needed to develop proficiency in targeted business areas and roles. We believe that our Apprenticeship Program and other skills-based approaches to hiring provide us with access to a larger pool of highly motivated and productive talent while also providing underrepresented groups greater access to jobs in innovative sectors of the economy.
Our Compensation and Management Development Committee oversees our labor and employment policies, programs and initiatives, including those relating to our talent strategy and culture of inclusion and belonging.
25
Information about Our Executive Officers
The executive officers of the Company as of February 14, 2025, are set forth below.
Mr. Robert A. Bradway, age 62, has served as a director of the Company since 2011 and Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2013. Mr. Bradway has been the Company’s President since 2010 and Chief Executive Officer since 2012. From 2010 to 2012, Mr. Bradway served as the Company’s President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Bradway joined the Company in 2006 as Vice President, Operations Strategy, and served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2007 to 2010. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Bradway was a Managing Director at Morgan Stanley in London, where, beginning in 2001, he had responsibility for the firm’s banking department and corporate finance activities in Europe. Mr. Bradway has been a director of The Boeing Company, an aerospace company and manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space, and securities systems, since 2016. He has served on the board of trustees of the University of Southern California since 2014.
Dr. James E. Bradner, age 52, became Executive Vice President, Research and Development, in 2023 and also served as the Company’s Chief Scientific Officer from 2023 through December 2024. Prior to joining the Company, from 2022 to 2023, Dr. Bradner was a clinician at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, a comprehensive cancer treatment and research institution, and a principal teaching affiliate at Harvard Medical School. From 2016 to 2022, Dr. Bradner served as President of the Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, the research and early development organizational unit of Novartis AG, where he was a member of the Executive Committee. Dr. Bradner previously served on the faculty at Harvard Medical School.
Mr.