economic sanctions that restrict commerce and business dealings with Russia, certain regions of Ukraine and certain entities and individuals.
Additionally, the recent armed conflict in the Middle East has caused regional disruptions to economic activity. For a description of the conflict’s impact on our third-party contract manufacturing of KRYSTEXXA, see
Our efforts to collaborate with or acquire other companies, products, or technology, and to integrate the operations of companies or to support the products or technology we have acquired, may not be successful, and may result in unanticipated costs, delays or failures to realize the benefits of the transactions
. T
hese conflicts may also precipitate or amplify the other risks described herein, including risks relating to cybersecurity, global economic conditions, clinical trials and supply chains, which could adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition and results.
As we expand internationally, we are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. While
we have a program in place that is designed to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations through foreign currency hedging arrangements, our hedging efforts do not completely offset the effect of these fluctuations on our revenues and earnings. Overall, the legal and operational challenges of our international business operations, along with government controls, the challenges of attracting and retaining qualified personnel and obtaining and/or maintaining necessary regulatory or pricing approvals of our products, may result in material adverse effects on our international product sales, business and results of operations.
We may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to us, or at all.
The capital and credit markets may experience extreme volatility and disruption, which may lead to uncertainty and liquidity issues for both borrowers and investors. For example, in early 2020, there were significant disruptions in the commercial paper market and several borrowers were unable to obtain funding at normal rates or maturities, which resulted in a significant increase in draws of corporate credit lines with banks. Similarly, the bond markets experienced extreme volatility in terms of interest rates and credit spreads, with several days without new issuances of corporate bonds.
While we have historically accessed capital markets to supplement our existing funds and cash generated from operations to satisfy our needs for capital expenditures, debt service requirements, to pay dividends and repurchase stock, and engage in other business initiatives, including acquisitions and licensing activities, in 2023, we substantially increased our outstanding indebtedness in connection with our acquisition of Horizon, which may limit our ability to timely obtain additional financing on desired terms. See
Our efforts to collaborate with