applicable
____________
(1)
TEPEZZA and KRYSTEXXA were acquired from our Horizon acquisition on October 6, 2023, and include product sales in the periods after the acquisition date.
(2)
Consists of product sales of our non-principal products.
Future sales of our products will depend in part on the factors discussed in the Overview, Part I, Item 1. Business—Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products—Competition, Part I, Item 1. Business—Reimbursement, Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, and any additional factors discussed in the individual product sections below. In addition, for a list of our products’ significant competitors, see Part I, Item 1. Business—Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products—Competition.
Prolia
Total Prolia sales by geographic region were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
The increase in global Prolia
sales for 2024 was driven by volume growth.
The increase in global Prolia sales for 2023 was primarily driven by volume growth and higher net selling price.
64
As disclosed in Part I, Item 1. Business—Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products—Patents, our patents for RANKL antibodies, including sequences, for Prolia expire in February 2025 in the United States and in November 2025 in select countries in Europe. For 2025, we expect sales erosion driven by
biosimilar competition.
For a discussion of ongoing litigation related to Prolia, see Part IV—Note 20, Contingencies and commitments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
ENBREL
Total ENBREL sales by geographic region were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
The decrease in ENBREL sales for 2024 was driven by lower net selling price. For 2025, we expect ENBREL to follow the historical pattern of lower sales in the first quarter relative to subsequent quarters due to the impact of benefit plan changes, insurance reverification and increased co-pay expenses as U.S. patients work through deductibles. In addition, going forward, we expect relatively flat volumes with continued declines in net selling price, including the impact from the IRA Medicare Part D price set by CMS beginning in 2026.
The decrease in ENBREL sales for 2023 was driven by lower net selling price, lower inventory and unfavorable changes to estimated sales deductions.
XGEVA
Total XGEVA sales by geographic region were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
The increases in global XGEVA sales for 2024 and 2023 were driven by higher net selling price.
As disclosed in Part I, Item 1. Business—Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products—Patents, our patents for RANKL antibodies, including sequences, for XGEVA expire in February 2025 in the United States and in November 2025 in select countries in Europe. For 2025, we expect sales erosion driven by
biosimilar competition.
For a discussion of ongoing litigation related to XGEVA, see Part IV—Note 20, Contingencies and commitments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Repatha
Total Repatha sales by