of such trials and lead to delays or inability to obtain marketing approval. If we were unable to market and sell our products or product candidates, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
In addition, some of our clinical trials utilize drugs and combination products manufactured and marketed by other pharmaceutical companies or vendors. These drugs, devices and/or products may be administered or used in clinical trials in combination with one of our products or product candidates or in a head-to-head study comparing the products’ or product candidates’ relative efficacy and safety. In the event that any of these vendors or pharmaceutical companies have unforeseen issues that negatively affect the quality of their work product or create a shortage of supply, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain an adequate supply of these other drugs, our ability to complete our applicable clinical trials and/or evaluate clinical results may also be negatively affected. As a result, such quality or supply problems could adversely affect our ability to timely file for, gain or maintain regulatory approvals worldwide.
44
Clinical trials must generally be designed based on the current standard of medical care. However, in certain diseases, such as cancer, the standard of care is evolving rapidly. In some cases, we may design a clinical trial based on the standard of care we anticipate will exist at the time our study is completed. The duration of time needed to complete certain clinical trials may result in the design of such clinical trials being based on standards of medical care that are no longer or that have not become the current standards by the time such trials are completed, limiting the utility and application of such trials. Additionally, the views of regulatory agencies relating to the requirements for accelerated approval may change over time, and trial designs that were sufficient to support accelerated approvals for some oncology products may not be considered sufficient for later candidates. We may not obtain favorable clinical trial results and therefore may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for new product candidates or new indications for existing products and/or maintain our current product labels. Participants in clinical trials of our products and product candidates may also suffer adverse medical events or side effects that could, among other factors, delay or terminate clinical trial programs and/or require additional or longer trials to gain approval.
Even after a product is on the market, safety concerns may require additional or more extensive clinical trials as part of a risk management plan for our product or for approval of a new indication. Additional clinical trials we initiate, including those required by the FDA, could result in substantial additional expense, and the outcomes could result in further label restrictions or the loss of regulatory approval for an approved