in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia against Amgen Inc., Amgen Manufacturing Limited LLC, and Immunex Corporation claiming violations of the antitrust laws and tortious interference related to Amgen’s patent rights to ENBREL, and seeking damages, injunctive relief and attorneys’ fees. The factual allegations that form the basis for the claims of Sandoz’s complaint are substantially similar to those asserted in the lawsuit filed against Amgen in the same court by CareFirst of Maryland, Inc., Group Hospitalization and Medical Services, Inc., and CareFirst BlueChoice, Inc. See
Antitrust Class Action—CareFirst of Maryland Antitrust Class Action
in
24
Note 20, Contingencies and commitments, to the consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
U.S. Tax Litigation and Related Matters
Amgen Inc. & Subsidiaries v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue
See Note 4, Income taxes, for discussion of the IRS tax dispute and the Company’s petitions in the U.S. Tax Court.
Securities Class Action Litigation (Roofers Local No. 149 Pension Fund)
Pursuant to the Case Management Plan and Scheduling Order set by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, the last day to file summary judgment motions is August 12, 2026.
Shareholder Derivative Action (Sieveking)
On April 2, 2025, Carolyn Sieveking and James P. Tierney filed a derivative action (the Sieveking Derivative Action) in the Delaware District Court purportedly on behalf of Amgen, against nominal defendant Amgen, Robert Bradway, Peter Griffith, Linda Louie and Amgen’s Board members during the relevant time period (the Sieveking Derivative Action). The complaint alleges claims for violations of Section 10(b), Rule 10b5 and Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and breach of fiduciary duty.
The factual allegations that form the basis for the claims in the Sieveking Derivative Action is fundamentally the same as those asserted by the Roofers Local No. 149 Pension Fund.
ChemoCentryx, Inc. Securities Matters
Under the current schedule set by the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, the lead plaintiff’s summary judgment motion is due May 8, 2025. That motion and ChemoCentryx’s cross-motion for summary judgment will be fully briefed by July 3, 2025.
25
The following MD&A is intended to assist the reader in understanding Amgen’s business. MD&A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, both the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Our results of operations discussed in MD&A are presented in conformity with GAAP. Amgen operates in one operating segment: human therapeutics. Therefore, our results of operations are discussed on a consolidated basis.
Forward-looking statements
This report and other documents we file