period adjustments related to our Horizon acquisition. For 2023, changes to Goodwill primarily consisted of goodwill resulting from our Horizon acquisition. See Note 4, Acquisitions and divestitures.
Other intangible assets
Other intangible assets consisted of the following (in millions):
Developed-product-technology rights consists of rights related to marketed products acquired in acquisitions. Licensing rights primarily consists of contractual rights to receive future milestone, royalty and profit-sharing payments; capitalized payments to third parties for milestones related to regulatory approvals to commercialize products; and upfront payments associated with royalty obligations for marketed products. Marketing-related rights primarily consists of rights related to the sale and distribution of marketed products. R&D technology rights pertain to technologies used in R&D that have alternative future uses.
IPR&D consists of R&D projects acquired in a business combination that are not complete at the time of acquisition due to remaining technological risks and/or lack of receipt of required regulatory approvals. All IPR&D projects have major risks
F-33
and uncertainties associated with the timely and successful completion of the development and commercialization of product candidates, including our ability to confirm safety and efficacy based on data from clinical trials, our ability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals and our ability to successfully complete these tasks within budgeted costs. We are not permitted to market a human therapeutic without obtaining regulatory approvals, and such approvals require the completion of clinical trials that demonstrate that a product candidate is safe and effective. In addition, the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers, including government healthcare programs and private insurance plans as well as competitive product launches, affect the revenues a product can generate. Consequently, the eventual realized values, if any, of acquired IPR&D projects may vary from their estimated fair values. We review IPR&D projects for impairment annually, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable and upon the establishment of technological feasibility or regulatory approval. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the development of AMG 340 acquired in connection with our Teneobio acquisition was terminated, resulting in an impairment charge of $
783
million, which was recognized in
Other operating expenses
in the Consolidated Statements of Income and included in Other items, net, in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. See Note 18, Fair value measurement, for the impact on the related contingent consideration liability.
The Company monitors intangible assets for impairment on a quarterly basis. The Developed-product-technology rights intangible asset related to Otezla has a carrying value of $
5.2
billion as