additional one-year periods with the agreement of the banks. Annual commitment fees for this agreement are 0.09% of the unused portion of the facility based on our current credit rating. Generally, we would be charged interest for any amounts borrowed under this facility, based on our current credit rating, at (i) SOFR plus 1.01% or (ii) the highest of (A) the administrative agent bank base commercial lending rate, (B) the overnight federal funds rate plus 0.50% or (C) one-month SOFR plus 1.1%. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, no amounts were outstanding under this facility.
Also in 2023, we filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC that allows us to issue unspecified amounts of debt securities; common stock; preferred stock; warrants to purchase debt securities, common stock, preferred stock or depositary shares; rights to purchase common stock or preferred stock; securities purchase contracts; securities purchase units; and depositary shares. Under this shelf registration statement, all of the securities available for issuance may be offered from time to time, with terms to be determined at the time of issuance. This shelf registration statement expires in February 2026.
74
Certain of our financing arrangements contain nonfinancial covenants. In addition, our revolving credit agreement and term loan credit agreement include a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a specified minimum interest coverage ratio of (i) the sum of consolidated net income, interest expense, provision for income taxes, depreciation expense, amortization expense, unusual or nonrecurring charges and other noncash items (consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) to (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense, each as defined and described in the respective agreements. We were in compliance with all applicable covenants under these arrangements as of December 31, 2024.
These financing arrangements are more fully discussed in Part IV—Note 16, Financing arrangements, and Note 19, Derivative instruments, to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Cash flows
Our summarized cash flow activity was as follows (in millions):
Operating
Cash provided by operating activities has been and is expected to continue to be our primary recurring source of funds. Cash provided by operating activities increased in 2024 as compared to 2023 due to higher net income after adjustments for noncash items and timing of working capital items primarily driven by higher collections in the fourth quarter.
Cash provided by operating activities decreased in 2023 as compared to 2022 due to lower net income after adjustments for noncash items, primarily transaction and integration payments made in connection with the Horizon acquisition, as well as higher tax payments, partially offset by changes in working capital items.
Investing
Cash used in investing activities during 2024 was primarily due to $1.1 billion of capital expenditures, including construction costs