in significant penalties.
Our business has been and will continue to be subject to various other U.S. and foreign laws, rules and regulations, including provisions of the IRA. See Reimbursement section above.
16
Research and Development and Selected Product Candidates
We focus our R&D on novel human therapeutics for the treatment of serious illness. We capitalize on our strengths in human genetics, novel biology and protein engineering. We leverage our biologic expertise and seek to choose the optimal modality for a drug target and disease. And we use cutting-edge science and technology to study subtle biological mechanisms in search of therapies that will improve the lives of those who suffer from diseases. See Government Regulation—
Clinical Development and Product Approval
section above.
Our discovery research programs may therefore yield targets that lead to the development of human therapeutics delivered as large molecules, small molecules, other combination modalities or new modalities. We have reshaped our portfolio and have increasingly focused our efforts on human genetics when possible to enhance the likelihood of success. We have major R&D centers in the United States in Thousand Oaks and San Francisco, California; Iceland; and the United Kingdom, as well as smaller research centers and development facilities globally. See Item 2. Properties.
With regard to our clinical trial activities, we are continuously monitoring the possible impacts from health-related events, geopolitical conflicts and natural disasters. We are working to mitigate effects on future study enrollment in our clinical trials; and we are evaluating the impact in all relevant countries. We remain focused on supporting our active clinical sites in their providing care for patients and in our providing investigational drug supply. Our clinical trial activities are conducted by both our internal staff and third-party contract clinical trial service providers. To increase the number and diversity of patients available for enrollment in our clinical trials, we have opened clinical sites and will continue opening clinical sites and enrolling patients in a number of geographic locations. See Government Regulation—Regulation in the United States—Clinical Development and Product Approval for a discussion of government regulation over clinical development. Also see Item 1A. Risk Factors—
We must conduct clinical trials in humans before we commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, our R&D expenses were $6.0 billion, $4.8 billion and $4.4 billion, respectively. We expect to continue allocating significant resources to our R&D activities.
Some of our competitors are actively engaged in R&D in areas in which we have products or in which we are developing product candidates or new indications for existing products. For example, we compete with other clinical trials for eligible