these contracts in AOCI in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, and we reclassify them to Product sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) in the same periods during which the hedged transactions affect earnings.
19
To hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with certain of our long-term debt denominated in foreign currencies, we enter into cross-currency swap contracts. Under the terms of such contracts, we paid euros and pounds sterling and received U.S. dollars for the notional amounts at the inception of the contracts; and based on these notional amounts, we exchange interest payments at fixed rates over the terms of the contracts by paying U.S. dollars and receiving euros and pounds sterling. In addition, we will pay U.S. dollars to and receive euros and pounds sterling from the counterparties at the maturities of the contracts for these same notional amounts. The terms of these contracts correspond to the related hedged debt, thereby effectively converting the interest payments and principal repayment on the debt from euros and pounds sterling to U.S. dollars. We have designated these cross-currency swap contracts as cash flow hedges. Accordingly, the unrealized gains and losses on these contracts are recorded in AOCI in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and reclassified to Other income (expense), net, in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) in the same periods during which the hedged debt affects earnings.
The notional amounts and interest rates of our cross-currency swaps as of March 31, 2025, were as follows (notional amounts in millions):
In connection with the anticipated issuance of long-term fixed-rate debt, we occasionally enter into forward interest rate contracts in order to hedge the variability in cash flows due to changes in the applicable U.S. Treasury rate between the time we enter into these contracts and the time the related debt is issued. Gains and losses on forward interest rate contracts, which are designated as cash flow hedges, are recognized in AOCI in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and are amortized into Interest expense, net, in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) over the terms of the associated debt issuances. Amounts recognized in connection with forward interest rate contracts during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, and amounts expected to be recognized during the next 12 months are not material.
Unrealized gains and losses recognized in AOCI for our derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges were as follows (in millions):
Fair value hedges
To achieve a desired mix of fixed-rate and floating-rate debt, we enter into interest rate swap contracts that qualify for and are designated as fair value hedges. These interest rate swap contracts effectively convert fixed-rate coupons to floating-rate SOFR-based coupons over the terms of the related hedge contracts. As of both March