not limited to MVASI, WEZLANA/WEZENLA, AMJEVITA/AMGEVITA, Neulasta, PAVBLU, RAVICTI, UPLIZNA, TAVNEOS, Aimovig, Parsabiv, LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS, IMDELLTRA/IMDYLLTRA and PROCYSBI.
Tariffs and trade protection measures
The imposition of tariffs and trade protection measures by the United States and other countries, including the universal 10% tariff on goods imported into the United States, the currently-suspended country-specific tariffs, the China retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods, the imposition of new and/or other retaliatory tariffs, and potential sector-specific tariffs on our industry and others, may adversely affect our business and operations.
While existing tariffs have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the first quarter of 2025, we are currently evaluating the potential impact of such tariffs on our business in future periods and our ability to mitigate such impacts. For example, the tariffs that are currently in effect, or anticipated to take effect in the future, will increase our manufacturing and operating expenses in future quarters, including the cost to deliver products to markets, cost of sourcing materials for the manufacturing of our products and cost of materials used in our research and development activities. Such tariffs may also adversely affect the cost to expand our manufacturing capacity in the United States, including increased construction costs and/or delays in construction for our Ohio and North Carolina facilities. Furthermore, retaliatory tariffs imposed by other countries may adversely affect our business, operations and delivery and launches of products in such markets, including the performance of our collaborations in such markets. However, the degree of adverse effects of any tariffs on our business and operations in future periods will depend on various factors, including the rates of such tariffs, the expansion of such tariffs to include certain goods such as pharmaceutical products, the magnitude of response by other countries to U.S. tariffs and the length of time such tariffs are in effect. For additional
26
information, see Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors—
Global economic conditions may negatively affect us and may magnify certain risks that affect our business.
Macroeconomic and other challenges
Uncertain macroeconomic conditions, including the risk of inflation, fluctuating interest rates and instability in the financial system, as well as rising healthcare costs, continue to pose challenges to our business. Further, uncertainty around tariffs and trade protection measures in the United States and other countries, including the imposition of new or retaliatory tariffs, along with ongoing geopolitical conflicts, continue to create additional uncertainty in global macroeconomic conditions. Additionally, with public and private healthcare-provider focus, the industry continues to be subject to cost containment measures and significant pricing pressures, resulting in net price