Repatha available at a lower list price. However, affordability of patient out-of-pocket co-pay cost has limited, and, going forward, may in the future limit, patient use. Further, despite these net and list price reductions, some payers have restricted, and may continue to restrict, patient access and may seek further discounts or rebates or take other actions, such as changing formulary coverage for Repatha, that could reduce its sales. These factors have limited, and may continue to limit, patient affordability and use, negatively affecting Repatha sales.
Further, significant consolidation in the health insurance industry has resulted in a few large insurers and PBMs, which places greater pressure on pricing and usage negotiations with biopharmaceutical manufacturers, significantly increasing
42
discount and rebate requirements and limiting patient access and usage. For example, in the United States, the FTC’s interim report released in 2024 showed that the top six integrated health plans and PBMs controlled about 94% of all pharmacy prescriptions. This high degree of consolidation among insurers, PBMs and other payers, including integrated healthcare delivery systems and/or with specialty or mail-order pharmacies and pharmacy retailers, has increased the negotiating leverage such entities have over us and other biopharmaceutical manufacturers and has resulted in greater price discounts, rebates and service fees realized by those payers from our business. Each of CVS, Express Scripts and United Health Group (among the top six integrated health plans and PBMs) have Rebate Management Organizations that further increase their leverage to negotiate deeper discounts on their behalf and for the benefit of their other customers. Ultimately, additional discounts, rebates, fees, coverage changes, plan changes, restrictions or exclusions imposed by these commercial payers could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. Policy reforms advanced by Congress or the Administration that refine the role of PBMs in the U.S. marketplace could have downstream implications or consequences for our business and how we interact with these entities. For example, in September 2024, the FTC brought action against the three largest PBMs alleging anticompetitive and unfair rebating practices. In addition, multiple Congressional Committees have been investigating PBM practices and have also proposed legislation that could increase transparency and reporting of these practices and/or impact rebates and service fees. The results of such inquiries could have an effect on manufacturer interactions with PBMs, resulting in changes to access for certain medicines. See our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors
—Concentration of sales at certain of our wholesaler distributors, and consolidation of private payers, such as insurers, and PBMs has negatively affected, and may