January 2023, the USPTO held a joint listening session with the FDA on USPTO-FDA collaboration efforts.
Upon the expiration or loss of patent protection and/or applicable exclusivity for one of our products, we can lose the majority of revenues for that product in a very short period of time. See Item 1. Business—Marketing, Distribution and Selected Marketed Products—Competition. Additionally, if one of our products is the subject of an FDA Written Request for pediatric studies and we are unable to adequately complete these studies, we may not obtain the pediatric exclusivity award that extends unexpired regulatory exclusivity for the product (and existing patents for a small molecule product) by an additional six months. Further, in 2023, the FDA released draft guidance that contemplates that the agency may no longer grant pediatric exclusivity for studies conducted solely to fulfill Pediatric Research Equity Act (PREA) requirements.
While we are unable to predict the precise effects of biosimilars and generics on our products, we are currently facing and expect to face greater competition in the United States, Europe and elsewhere as a result of biosimilar and generic competition and, in turn, downward pressure on our product prices and sales. This competition has had, and could increasingly have, a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. State laws may also have an impact on our business. For example, California is the first state to have passed legislation, effective on January 1, 2020, against “pay for delay” settlements of patent infringement claims filed by manufacturers of generics or biosimilars where anything of value is given in exchange for settlement. Under this law, such settlement agreements are presumptively anticompetitive. The law may result in prolonged litigation and fewer settlements. Similar legislation based on California’s law continues to be introduced in other states, including Connecticut and New York. Efforts to target such settlements are also active at the federal level, including legislation introduced such as the Preserving Access to Affordable Generics and Biosimilars Act that adopts California’s anticompetitive presumption approach.
Concentration of sales at certain of our wholesaler distributors, and consolidation of private payers, such as insurers, and PBMs has negatively affected, and may continue to negatively affect, our business.
Certain of our distributors, customers and payers have substantial purchasing leverage, due to the volume of our products they purchase or the number of patient lives for which they provide coverage. The substantial majority of our U.S. product sales is made to three pharmaceutical product wholesaler distributors: McKesson Corporation, Cencora, Inc. (formerly AmerisourceBergen Corporation) and Cardinal Health, Inc. These distributors, in turn, sell our products to their customers, which include physicians or their clinics, dialysis