foreign currencies, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts that are not designated as hedging transactions. Most of these exposures are hedged on a month-to-month basis. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the total notional amounts of these foreign currency forward contracts were $
41
million and $
148
million, respectively. Gains and losses recognized in earnings for our derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments were not material for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Fair values of derivatives
The fair values of derivatives included in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets were as follows (in millions):
For additional information, see Note 11, Fair value measurement.
22
Our derivative contracts that were in liability positions as of March 31, 2025, contain certain credit-risk-related contingent provisions that would be triggered if (i) we were to undergo a change in control and (ii) our or the surviving entity’s creditworthiness deteriorates, which is generally defined as having either a credit rating that is below investment grade or a materially weaker creditworthiness after the change in control. If these events were to occur, the counterparties would have the right, but not the obligation, to close the contracts under early-termination provisions. In such circumstances, the counterparties could request immediate settlement of these contracts for amounts that approximate the then current fair values of the contracts. In addition, our derivative contracts are not subject to any type of master netting arrangement, and amounts due either to or from a counterparty under the contracts may be offset against other amounts due either to or from the same counterparty only if an event of default or termination, as defined, were to occur.
The cash flow effects of our derivative contracts in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are included in Net cash provided by operating activities, except for the settlement of notional amounts of cross-currency swaps, which are included in Net cash used in financing activities.
13.
Contingencies and commitments
Contingencies
In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in various legal proceedings, government investigations and other matters that are complex in nature and have outcomes that are difficult to predict. See our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors—
Our business may be affected by litigation and government investigations.
We describe our legal proceedings and other matters that are significant or that we believe could become significant in this footnote and in Note 20, Contingencies and commitments, to the consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
We record accruals for loss contingencies to the extent that we conclude it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the related loss can be