legal proceedings and other matters that could cause an increase or decrease in the amount of the liability that has been accrued previously.
Foreign currency translation
The net assets of international subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not in U.S. dollars are translated into U.S. dollars using current exchange rates. The U.S. dollar effects that arise from translation of the net assets of these subsidiaries at changing rates are recognized in AOCI. The subsidiaries’ earnings are translated into U.S. dollars by using average exchange rates.
Equity investments
Marketable and nonmarketable equity securities
Investments in publicly traded equity securities with readily determinable fair values are recorded at quoted market prices for identical securities, with changes in fair value recorded in Other income (expense), net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values are recorded at cost less impairment, if any, adjusted for changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar securities. Such adjustments are recorded in Other income (expense), net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
Equity method investments
Equity investments that give us the ability to exert significant influence, but not control, over an investee for which we have not elected the fair value option are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. In concluding whether we have the ability to exercise significant influence over an investee, we consider factors such as our ownership percentage, voting and other shareholder rights, board of directors representation and the existence of other collaborative or business relationships. The equity method of accounting requires us to allocate the difference between the fair value of securities acquired and our proportionate share of the carrying value of the underlying assets (the basis difference) to various items and amortize such differences over their useful lives. Our share of investees’ earnings or losses and amortization of basis differences, if any, are recorded one quarter in arrears in Other income (expense), net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. We record impairment losses on our equity method investments if we deem the impairment to be other-than-temporary. We deem an impairment to be other-than-temporary based on various factors, including, but not limited to, the length of time the fair value is below the carrying value, volatility of the security price and our intent and ability to retain the investment to allow for a recovery in fair value.
For equity method investments for which we have elected the fair value option, changes in fair value are recorded in Other income (expense), net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
Additionally, we hold investments in limited partnerships, which primarily invest in early-stage biotechnology companies. As a practical expedient, such