security and reputation. AI systems may produce inaccurate or flawed outputs due to flawed algorithms, or insufficient and/or erroneous training data. Reliance on flawed outputs could result in lower quality decision-making or prevent us from effectively utilizing AI in our business. We may also become vulnerable to operational disruptions if the AI technologies we use experience downtimes or are compromised by cyberattacks. If we do not effectively implement guardrails and train our staff on the safe and proper use of AI, or if our staff fail to effectively adhere to our established guardrails and training on the use of AI, we may experience adverse effects on our business, including data breaches, the loss of confidential information (including our intellectual property), unintentional disclosure of personal data, or other misuse of our proprietary information. Further, several governments and regulatory authorities have proposed or passed laws and regulations governing the use of AI. For example, in March 2024, the European Parliament adopted the Artificial Intelligence Act that provides for EU-wide rules on data quality, transparency, human oversight and accountability with respect to the use of artificial intelligence. In April 2024, the EU also revised its Cybersecurity Directive NIS2 rules that create new cybersecurity risk management and reporting obligations. Failure to comply with these current and future laws could result in significant penalties and reputational harm and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Our current products and products in development cannot be sold without regulatory approval.
Our business is subject to extensive regulation by numerous state and federal government authorities in the United States, including the FDA, and by foreign regulatory authorities, including the EMA. We are required in the United States and in the other regions and countries in which we, or our partners and affiliates, sell to obtain approval from regulatory authorities before we manufacture, market and sell our products. Once our products are approved, the FDA and other U.S. and ex-U.S. regulatory agencies have substantial authority to require additional testing and reporting, perform inspections, change product labeling or mandate withdrawals of our products. Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements may subject us to administrative and/or judicially imposed sanctions or monetary penalties as well as reputational and other harms. The sanctions could include the FDA’s or ex-U.S. regulatory authorities’ refusals to approve pending applications, delays in obtaining or withdrawals of approvals, delays or suspensions of clinical trials, warning letters, product recalls or seizures, total or partial suspensions of our operations, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and/or criminal prosecutions.
Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals have been, and will continue to be,