weighted average remaining life of our capitalized video content is
3.1
years. We review usage and viewing patterns impacting the amortization of capitalized video content on an ongoing basis and reflect any changes prospectively.
Our produced and licensed video content is primarily monetized together as a unit, referred to as a film group, in each major geography where we offer Amazon Prime memberships. These film groups are evaluated for impairment whenever an event occurs or circumstances change indicating the fair value is less than the carrying value. The total capitalized costs of video, which is primarily released content, and music as of December 31, 2023 and 2024 were $
17.4
billion and $
19.6
billion. Total video and music expense was $
18.9
billion and $
20.4
billion for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2024. Total video and music expense includes licensing and production costs associated with content offered within Amazon Prime memberships, and costs associated with digital subscriptions and sold or rented content.
Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
We generally invest our excess cash in investment grade short- to intermediate-term marketable debt securities and AAA-rated money market funds. Such investments are included in “Cash and cash equivalents” or “Marketable securities” on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
Marketable debt securities are classified as available-for-sale and reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).” Each reporting period, we evaluate whether declines in fair value below carrying value are due to expected credit losses, as well as our ability and intent to hold the investment until a forecasted recovery occurs. Expected credit losses are recorded as an allowance through “Other income (expense), net” on our consolidated statements of operations.
Equity investments that have readily determinable fair values, including investments for which we have elected the fair value option, are included in “Marketable securities” on our consolidated balance sheets and measured at fair value with changes recognized in “Other income (expense), net” on our consolidated statements of operations.
Non-Marketable Investments
Notes that are convertible to equity classified as available-for-sale are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).” Credit losses, if any, are recorded as an allowance through “Other income (expense), net” on our consolidated statements of operations. Upon conversion, the amount of the notes reported at fair value are reclassified generally from available-for-sale to equity investments accounted for at cost, with any associated unrealized gain or loss reclassified from “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)” to “Other income (expense), net” on our consolidated statements of operations.
In Q3 2023, we invested in a $
1.25
billion note