securities with fixed interest rates may have their fair market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates, and we may suffer losses in principal if forced to sell securities that have declined in market value due to changes in interest rates.
Foreign Exchange Risk
During Q1 2025, net sales from our International segment accounted for 21% of our consolidated revenues. Net sales and related expenses generated from our internationally-focused stores, including within Canada and Mexico (which are included in our North America segment), are primarily denominated in the functional currencies of the corresponding stores and primarily include Euros, British Pounds, and Japanese Yen. The results of operations of, and certain of our intercompany balances associated with, our internationally-focused stores and AWS are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Upon consolidation, as foreign exchange rates vary, net sales and other operating results may differ materially from expectations, and we may record significant gains or losses on the remeasurement of intercompany balances. For example, as a result of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates throughout the period compared to rates in effect the prior year, International segment net sales in Q1 2025 decreased by $1.0 billion in comparison with Q1 2024.
We have foreign exchange risk related to foreign-denominated cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (“foreign funds”). Based on the balance of foreign funds as of March 31, 2025, of $18.6 billion, an assumed 5%, 10%, and 20% adverse change to foreign exchange would result in declines of $930 million, $1.9 billion, and $3.7 billion.
We also have foreign exchange risk related to our intercompany balances denominated in various currencies. Based on the intercompany balances as of March 31, 2025, an assumed 5%, 10%, and 20% adverse change to foreign exchange rates would result in losses of $315 million, $630 million, and $1.3 billion, recorded to “Other income (expense), net.”
See Item 2 of Part I, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Results of Operations — Effect of Foreign Exchange Rates” for additional information on the effect on reported results of changes in foreign exchange rates.
Equity Investment Risk
As of March 31, 2025, our recorded value in equity, equity warrant, and convertible debt investments in public and private companies was $21.0 billion. Our equity and equity warrant investments in publicly traded companies, which include our equity investment in Rivian, represent $3.8 billion of our investments as of March 31, 2025, and are recorded at fair value, which is subject to market price volatility. We record our equity warrant investments in private companies at fair value and adjust our equity investments in private companies, which primarily include our equity investment in Anthropic, PBC, for observable price changes or impairments. We record our available-