in market value due to changes in interest rates. The following table provides information about our cash equivalents and marketable debt securities, including principal cash flows by expected maturity and the related weighted-average interest rates as of December 31, 2024 (in millions, except percentages):
As of December 31, 2024, we had long-term debt with a face value of $58.0 billion, including the current portion, primarily consisting of fixed rate unsecured senior notes. See Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 6 — Debt” for additional information.
31
Table of Contents
Foreign Exchange Risk
During 2024, net sales from our International segment accounted for 22% of our consolidated revenues. Net sales and related expenses generated from our internationally-focused stores, including within Canada and Mexico (which are included in our North America segment), are primarily denominated in the functional currencies of the corresponding stores and primarily include Euros, British Pounds, and Japanese Yen. The results of operations of, and certain of our intercompany balances associated with, our internationally-focused stores and AWS are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Upon consolidation, as foreign exchange rates vary, net sales and other operating results may differ materially from expectations, and we may record significant gains or losses on the remeasurement of intercompany balances. For example, as a result of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates throughout the year compared to rates in effect the prior year, International segment net sales decreased by $1.8 billion in comparison with the prior year.
We have foreign exchange risk related to foreign-denominated cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (“foreign funds”). Based on the balance of foreign funds as of December 31, 2024, of $25.5 billion, an assumed 5%, 10%, and 20% adverse change to foreign exchange would result in declines of $1.3 billion, $2.6 billion, and $5.1 billion.
We also have foreign exchange risk related to our intercompany balances denominated in various currencies. Based on the intercompany balances as of December 31, 2024, an assumed 5%, 10%, and 20% adverse change to foreign exchange rates would result in losses of $305 million, $605 million, and $1.2 billion, recorded to “Other income (expense), net.”
See Item 7 of Part II, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Results of Operations — Effect of Foreign Exchange Rates” for additional information on the effect on reported results of changes in foreign exchange rates.
Equity Investment Risk
As of December 31, 2024, our recorded value in equity, equity warrant, and convertible debt investments in public and private companies was $22.1 billion. Our equity and equity warrant investments in publicly traded companies, which include our equity investment in Rivian, represent $4.6 billion of our investments as of