these subsidiaries are translated into U.S. Dollars at period-end foreign exchange rates, and revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing throughout the period. Translation adjustments are included in “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss),” a separate component of stockholders’ equity. Transaction gains and losses including intercompany transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity involved are included in “Other income (expense), net” on our consolidated statements of operations.
In connection with the settlement and remeasurement of intercompany balances, we recorded gains (losses) of $
386
million, $(
329
) million, and $
413
million in 2022, 2023, and 2024.
Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued an Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) amending existing income tax disclosure guidance, primarily requiring more detailed disclosure for income taxes paid and the effective tax rate reconciliation. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted and can be applied on either a prospective or retroactive basis. We expect to adopt the ASU on a retroactive basis.
In November 2024, the FASB issued an ASU amending existing income statement disclosure guidance, primarily requiring more detailed disclosure for expenses. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The amendments can be applied on either a prospective or retroactive basis. We are currently evaluating the ASU to determine its impact on our disclosures.
50
Table of Contents
Note 2 —
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Marketable Securities
As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, our cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and marketable securities primarily consisted of cash, AAA-rated money market funds, U.S. and foreign government and agency securities, other investment grade securities, and marketable equity securities. Cash equivalents and marketable securities are recorded at fair value.
The following table summarizes, by major security type, our cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and marketable securities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy (in millions):
51
Table of Contents
___________________
(1)
The related unrealized gain (loss) recorded in “Other income (expense), net” was $(
13.6
) billion, $
1.0
billion, and $(
1.3
) billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024.
(2)
We are required to pledge or otherwise restrict a portion of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities primarily as collateral for real estate, amounts due to third-party sellers in certain jurisdictions, debt, standby and trade