historical claims experience, frequency and costs of claims, projected claims development, inflation, and other actuarial assumptions. Changes in the number or costs of claims, healthcare costs, judgment and settlement amounts, associated legal expenses, and other factors could cause actual results to differ materially from these estimates. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we increased our reserves for general, product, and automobile liabilities by $
1.3
billion primarily driven by changes in our estimates about the costs of asserted and unasserted claims, which was primarily recorded in “Cost of sales” on our consolidated statements of operations and impacted our North America segment. Increases to our reserves driven by
49
Table of Contents
changes in estimates were not material to our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, our total self-insurance liabilities were $
6.3
billion and $
8.5
billion and are included in “Accrued expenses and other” on our consolidated balance sheets.
Unearned Revenue
Unearned revenue is recorded when payments are received or due in advance of performing our service obligations and is recognized over the service period. Unearned revenue primarily relates to prepayments of AWS services and Amazon Prime memberships. Our total unearned revenue as of December 31, 2023 was $
20.9
billion, of which $
14.2
billion was recognized as revenue during the year ended December 31, 2024 and our total unearned revenue as of December 31, 2024 was $
24.6
billion. Included in “Other long-term liabilities” on our consolidated balance sheets was $
5.7
billion and $
6.5
billion of unearned revenue as of December 31, 2023 and 2024.
Additionally, we have performance obligations, primarily related to AWS, associated with commitments in customer contracts for future services that have not yet been recognized in our financial statements. For contracts with original terms that exceed one year, those commitments not yet recognized were approximately $
177
billion as of December 31, 2024. The weighted average remaining life of our long-term contracts is
4.1
years. However, the amount and timing of revenue recognition is largely driven by customer usage, which can extend beyond the original contractual term.
Other Long-Term Liabilities
Included in “Other long-term liabilities” on our consolidated balance sheets are liabilities primarily related to financing obligations, unearned revenue, asset retirement obligations, tax contingencies, deferred tax liabilities, and digital video and music content.
Foreign Currency
We have internationally-focused stores for which the net sales generated, as well as most of the related expenses directly incurred from those operations, are denominated in local functional currencies. The functional currency of our subsidiaries that either operate or support these stores is generally the same as the local currency. Assets and liabilities of