short-term credit facilities for working capital purposes. There were $
151
million and $
76
million of borrowings outstanding under these facilities as of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, which were included in “Accrued expenses and other” on our consolidated balance sheets. In addition, we had $
8.6
billion of unused letters of credit as of March 31, 2025.
Note 6 —
STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Stock Repurchase Activity
In March 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $
10.0
billion of our common stock, with no fixed expiration. There were
no
repurchases of our common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2024 or 2025. As of March 31, 2025, we have $
6.1
billion remaining under the repurchase program.
Stock Award Plans
Employees vest in restricted stock unit awards over the corresponding service term, generally between
two
and
five years
. The majority of restricted stock unit awards are granted at the date of hire or in Q2 as part of the annual compensation review and primarily vest semi-annually in Q2 and Q4 of the relevant compensation year.
Stock Award Activity
Common shares outstanding plus shares underlying outstanding stock awards totaled
10.9
billion as of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025. These totals include all vested and unvested stock awards outstanding, including those awards we estimate will be forfeited.
Stock-based compensation expense is as follows (in millions):
16
Table of
Contents
The following table summarizes our restricted stock unit activity for the three months ended March 31, 2025 (in millions):
Scheduled vesting for outstanding restricted stock units as of March 31, 2025, is as follows (in millions):
As of March 31, 2025, there was $
13.9
billion of net unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock-based compensation arrangements. This compensation is recognized on an accelerated basis with more than half of the compensation expected to be expensed in the next twelve months, and has a remaining weighted-average recognition period of
1.0
year.
Changes in Stockholders’ Equity
The following table shows changes in stockholders’ equity (in millions):
Note 7 —
INCOME TAXES
Our tax provision or benefit from income taxes for interim periods is determined using an estimate of our annual effective tax rate, adjusted for discrete items, if any, that are taken into account in the relevant period. Each quarter we update our estimate of the annual effective tax rate, and if our estimated tax rate changes, we make a cumulative adjustment.
Our quarterly tax provision, and our quarterly estimate of our annual effective tax rate, is subject to significant variation due to several factors, including variability in accurately predicting our pre-tax and taxable income and loss and the mix of
17
Table of
Contents
jurisdictions to which they relate, intercompany transactions, the applicability of special tax regimes, changes in how we do business, acquisitions, investments, developments in