limited to, income taxes, useful lives of equipment, commitments and contingencies, valuation of acquired intangibles and goodwill, stock-based compensation forfeiture rates, vendor funding, inventory valuation, collectability of receivables, impairment of property and equipment and operating leases, valuation and impairment of investments, self-insurance liabilities, viewing patterns of capitalized video content, and the determination of when to capitalize certain costs relating to new products or service offerings. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. We review the useful lives of equipment on an ongoing basis.
Effective January 1, 2025 we changed our estimate of the useful lives of a subset of our servers and networking equipment from
six years
to
five years
. The shorter useful lives are due to the increased pace of technology development, particularly in the area of artificial intelligence and machine learning.
The effect of this change in estimate for Q1 2025, based on servers and networking equipment that were included in “Property and equipment, net” as of December 31, 2024 and those acquired during the three months ended March 31, 2025, was an increase in depreciation and amortization expense of $
217
million and a reduction in net income of $
162
million, or $
0.02
per basic share and $
0.02
per diluted share, which primarily impacted our AWS segment.
7
Table of
Contents
Supplemental Cash Flow Information
The following table shows supplemental cash flow information (in millions):
Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share is calculated using our weighted-average outstanding common shares. Diluted earnings per share is calculated using our weighted-average outstanding common shares including the dilutive effect of stock awards as determined under the treasury stock method. In periods when we have a net loss, stock awards are excluded from our calculation of earnings per share as their inclusion would have an antidilutive effect.
The following table shows the calculation of diluted shares (in millions):
Other Income (Expense), Net
Other income (expense), net is as follows (in millions):
The marketable equity securities valuation gain (loss) of $(
2.1
) billion and $(
138
) million in Q1 2024 and Q1 2025 is primarily from our equity investment in Rivian Automotive, Inc. (“Rivian”). The reclassification adjustment for the gain on available-for-sale debt securities of $
3.3
billion in Q1 2025 is primarily from the portion of our convertible notes investments in Anthropic, PBC that were converted to nonvoting preferred stock during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
Inventories
Inventories, consisting of products available for sale, are primarily accounted for using the first-in, first-out method, and are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value. This valuation requires us to make judgments, based on currently available information, about the likely method of disposition, such as through sales to