will continue to defend ourselves vigorously in this matter.
In December 2018, Kove IO, Inc. filed a complaint against Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The complaint alleged, among other things, that Amazon S3 and DynamoDB infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 7,814,170 and 7,103,640, each entitled “Network Distributed Tracking Wire Transfer Protocol”; and 7,233,978, entitled “Method and Apparatus for Managing Location Information in a Network Separate from the Data to Which the Location Information Pertains.” The complaint sought an unspecified amount of damages, enhanced damages, attorneys’ fees, costs, interest, and injunctive relief. In April 2024, a jury found that Amazon infringed the asserted patents and awarded Kove $
525
million in damages. In August 2024, the court awarded Kove $
148
million in pre-judgment interest. In September 2024, we filed a notice of appeal. We disagree with the jury’s findings and will continue to defend ourselves vigorously in this matter.
Beginning in June 2019 with Wilcosky v. Amazon.com, Inc., now pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois (“N.D. Ill.”), private litigants have filed a number of cases in U.S. federal and state courts, including Hogan v. Amazon.com, Inc. (N.D. Ill.), alleging, among other things, that Amazon’s collection, storage, use, retention, and protection of biometric identifiers violated the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act. The complaints allege purported classes of Illinois residents who had biometric identifiers collected through Amazon products or services, including Amazon Photos, Alexa, AWS cloud services, Ring, Amazon Connect, Amazon’s Flex driver app, and Amazon’s virtual try-on technology. The complaints seek certification as class actions, unspecified amounts of damages, injunctive relief, attorneys’ fees, costs, and interest. We dispute the allegations of wrongdoing and intend to defend ourselves vigorously in these matters.
Beginning in March 2020 with Frame-Wilson v. Amazon.com, Inc. filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington (“W.D. Wash.”), private litigants have filed a number of cases in the U.S. and Canada alleging, among other things, price fixing arrangements between Amazon.com, Inc. and vendors and third-party sellers in Amazon’s stores, monopolization and attempted monopolization, and consumer protection and unjust enrichment claims. Attorneys General for the District of Columbia and California brought similar suits in May 2021 and September 2022 in the Superior Court of the District of Columbia and the California Superior Court for the County of San Francisco, respectively. Some of the private cases include allegations of several distinct purported classes, including consumers who purchased a product through Amazon’s stores and consumers who purchased a product offered by Amazon through another e-commerce retailer. The