recurring basis and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy (in millions):
___________________
(1)
The related unrealized gain (loss) recorded in “Other income (expense), net” was $(
2.1
) billion and $(
205
) million in Q1 2024 and Q1 2025.
(2)
We are required to pledge or otherwise restrict a portion of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities primarily as collateral for real estate, amounts due to third-party sellers in certain jurisdictions, debt, standby and trade letters of credit, and licenses of digital media content. We classify cash, cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities with use restrictions of less than twelve months as “Accounts receivable, net and other” and of twelve months or longer as non-current “Other assets” on our consolidated balance sheets. See “Note 4 — Commitments and Contingencies.”
The following table summarizes the remaining contractual maturities of our cash equivalents and marketable debt securities as of March 31, 2025 (in millions):
Actual maturities may differ from the contractual maturities because borrowers may have certain prepayment conditions.
Non-Marketable Investments
In Q3 2023, we invested in a $
1.25
billion note from Anthropic, PBC, which is convertible to equity. In Q1 2024, we invested $
2.75
billion in a second convertible note. In Q4 2024, we entered into an agreement and invested $
1.3
billion in a third convertible note, and will invest an additional $
2.7
billion by Q4 2025. The notes are classified as available-for-sale and reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).” The notes are classified as Level 3 assets, and as of December 31, 2024 had an estimated fair value of approximately $
13.8
billion. In making these estimates, we utilized valuation methods based on information available, including the rights and obligations of the convertible notes, other outstanding classes of securities, observable transactions such as new securities offerings, estimates of expected time to and type of liquidity events and anticipated securities offerings, and discounts for lack of marketability. In Q1 2025, a portion of the notes were converted to nonvoting preferred stock. As a result of conversions, a significant portion of the unrealized gain associated with the notes as of December 31, 2024 was reclassified and a gain of approximately $
3.3
billion was recorded in “Other income (expense), net” in our consolidated statement of operations. The investment in nonvoting preferred stock was initially recorded at its estimated fair value at the time of the conversion and will be accounted for as a
11
Table of
Contents
component of our equity investments in private companies not accounted for under the equity-method, with future adjustments for observable changes in prices or impairments recognized in “Other income (expense), net” on our consolidated statements of operations. As of March 31, 2025, the