Legal Proceedings” of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K, as supplemented by the following:
In July 2021, the Luxembourg National Commission for Data Protection (the “CNPD”) issued a decision against Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l. claiming that Amazon’s processing of personal data did not comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation. The decision imposes a fine of €
746
million and corresponding practice revisions. In March 2025, the Luxembourg Administrative Court dismissed our appeal of the CNPD’s decision. In April 2025, we appealed the court’s decision to the Luxembourg Administrative Court of Appeal. We believe the CNPD’s decision to be without merit and will continue to defend ourselves vigorously in this matter.
14
Table of
Contents
In addition, we are regularly subject to claims, litigation, and other proceedings, including potential regulatory proceedings, involving patent and other intellectual property matters, taxes, labor and employment, competition and antitrust, privacy and data protection, consumer protection, commercial disputes, goods and services offered by us and by third parties, and other matters.
The outcomes of our legal proceedings and other contingencies are inherently unpredictable, subject to significant uncertainties, and could be material to our operating results and cash flows for a particular period. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal proceedings and other contingencies that could affect the amount of liability, including amounts in excess of any previous accruals and reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our accruals and disclosures as appropriate. For the matters we disclose that do not include an estimate of the amount of loss or range of losses, such an estimate is not possible or is immaterial, and we may be unable to estimate the possible loss or range of losses that could potentially result from the application of non-monetary remedies. Until the final resolution of such matters, if any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, we may experience losses in excess of the amounts recorded, which could have a material effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
See also “Note 7 — Income Taxes.”
Note 5 —
DEBT
As of March 31, 2025, we had $
58.0
billion of unsecured senior notes outstanding (the “Notes”).
Our total long-term debt obligations are as follows (in millions):
___________________
(1)  The weighted-average remaining lives of the 2014, 2017, 2020, 2021, April 2022, and December 2022 Notes were
15.1
,
15.0
,
16.3
,
13.9
,
12.6
, and
4.4
years as of March 31, 2025. The combined weighted-average remaining life of the Notes was
13.2
years as of March 31, 2025.
Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. We may redeem the Notes at any time in whole, or from time to time, in part at specified redemption prices. We are not subject to any financial