effective tax rate.
As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, we had accrued interest and penalties, net of federal income tax benefit, related to tax contingencies of $
194
million and $
316
million. Interest and penalties, net of federal income tax benefit, recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024 were $(
7
) million, $
91
million, and $
121
million.
We are under examination, or may be subject to examination, by the Internal Revenue Service for the calendar year 2016 and thereafter. These examinations may lead to ordinary course adjustments or proposed adjustments to our taxes or our net operating losses with respect to years under examination as well as subsequent periods.
We are also subject to taxation in various states and foreign jurisdictions including China, France, Germany, India, Japan, Luxembourg, and the United Kingdom. We are under, or may be subject to, audit or examination and additional assessments by the relevant authorities in respect of these particular jurisdictions primarily for 2011 and thereafter. We are currently disputing tax assessments in multiple jurisdictions, including with respect to the allocation and characterization of income.
In September 2022, the Luxembourg tax authority (“LTA”) denied the tax basis of certain intangible assets that we distributed from Luxembourg to the U.S. in 2021. When we are assessed by the LTA, we will need to remit taxes related to this matter. We believe the LTA’s position is without merit, we intend to defend ourselves vigorously in this matter, and we expect to recoup taxes paid.
The Indian tax authority (“ITA”) has asserted that tax applies to cloud services fees paid to Amazon in the U.S. We will need to remit taxes related to this matter until it is resolved, which payments could be significant in the aggregate. We believe the ITA’s position is without merit, we are defending our position vigorously, and we expect to recoup taxes paid. If this matter is adversely resolved, we could recognize significant additional tax expense, including for taxes previously paid.
Changes in tax laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations may impact our tax contingencies. Due to various factors, including the inherent complexities and uncertainties of the judicial, administrative, and regulatory processes in certain jurisdictions, the timing of the resolution of income tax controversies is highly uncertain, and the amounts ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of the issues raised by the taxing authorities may differ from the amounts accrued. It is reasonably possible that within the next twelve months we will receive additional assessments by various tax authorities or possibly reach resolution of income tax controversies in one or more jurisdictions. These assessments or settlements could result in changes to our contingencies related to positions on prior years’ tax filings. The actual amount of any change could vary significantly depending on