unspecified amount of damages. In April 2022, Broadband iTV alleged in its damages report that in the event of a finding of liability Amazon could be subject to $
166
million to $
986
million in damages. In September 2022, the district court granted summary judgment, holding that the patents are invalid. In October 2022, Broadband iTV filed a notice of appeal. In September 2024, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit affirmed the district court’s judgment. This decision is subject to appeal. We dispute the allegations of wrongdoing and will continue to defend ourselves vigorously in this matter.
In July 2021, the Luxembourg National Commission for Data Protection (the “CNPD”) issued a decision against Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l. claiming that Amazon’s processing of personal data did not comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation. The decision imposes a fine of €
746
million and corresponding practice revisions. We believe the CNPD’s decision to be without merit and intend to defend ourselves vigorously in this matter.
In December 2021, the Italian Competition Authority (the “ICA”) issued a decision against Amazon Services Europe S.à r.l., Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l., Amazon EU S.à r.l., Amazon Italia Services S.r.l., and Amazon Italia Logistica S.r.l. claiming that certain of our marketplace and logistics practices in Italy infringe EU competition rules. The decision imposes remedial actions and a fine of €
1.13
billion, which we have paid and will seek to recover pending conclusion of all appeals. We believe the ICA’s decision to be without merit and intend to defend ourselves vigorously in this matter.
Beginning in October 2023, Nokia Technologies Oy and related entities filed complaints alleging infringement of patents related to video-related technologies against Amazon.com, Inc. and related entities in multiple courts in the United States, India, the United Kingdom, Germany, and Brazil, the Unified Patent Court of the European Union, and the United States International Trade Commission. The complaints allege, among other things, that certain Amazon Prime Video services and features of Amazon devices carrying the Prime Video app infringe Nokia’s patents; some of the complaints additionally allege infringement by Freevee, Twitch, and Amazon voice assistants. The complaints seek, among other things, injunctive relief and, in some cases, unspecified money damages, enhanced damages, attorneys’ fees, costs, interest, and declaratory relief. These matters are at various procedural stages, with preliminary and final injunctions issued in certain instances. We dispute the allegations of wrongdoing and intend to defend ourselves vigorously in these matters.
In addition, we are regularly subject to claims, li
tigation, and other proceedings, including potential regulatory proceedings, involving patent and other intellectual property matters, taxes, labor and employment, competition and antitrust, privacy and data