stores, and fulfill orders using our services, and programs that allow authors, independent publishers, musicians, filmmakers, Twitch streamers, skill and app developers, and others to publish and sell content. We serve developers and enterprises of all sizes through AWS, which offers a broad set of on-demand technology services, including compute, storage, database, analytics, and machine learning, and other services. We also manufacture and sell electronic devices. In addition, we provide advertising services to sellers, vendors, publishers, authors, and others, through programs such as sponsored ads, display, and video advertising.
We have organized our operations into
three
segments: North America, International, and AWS.
See “Note 10 — Segment Information.”
Common Stock Split
On May 27, 2022, we effected a
20
-for-1 stock split of our common stock and proportionately increased the number of authorized shares of common stock. All share, restricted stock unit (“RSU”), and per share or per RSU information throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. The shares of common stock retain a par value of $
0.01
per share. Accordingly, an amount equal to the par value of the increased shares resulting from the stock split was reclassified from “Additional paid-in capital” to “Common stock.”
Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Amazon.com, Inc. and its consolidated entities (collectively, the “Company”), consisting of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and those entities in which we have a variable interest and of which we are the primary beneficiary, including certain entities in India and certain entities that support our healthcare services. Intercompany balances and transactions between consolidated entities are eliminated.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, income taxes, useful lives of equipment, commitments and contingencies, valuation of acquired intangibles and goodwill, stock-based compensation forfeiture rates, vendor funding, inventory valuation, collectability of receivables, impairment of property and equipment and operating leases, valuation and impairment of investments, self-insurance liabilities, and viewing patterns of capitalized video content. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. We review the useful lives of equipment on an ongoing basis.
In Q4 2024, we completed a useful life study for certain types of heavy equipment and are increasing the useful life from
ten years
to
thirteen years
for such equipment effective January 1, 2025. Based on heavy equipment included in “Property and