the ultimate timing and nature of any settlements. We cannot currently provide an estimate of the range of possible outcomes.
Note 10 —
SEGMENT INFORMATION
We have organized our operations into
three
segments: North America, International, and AWS. We allocate to segment results the operating expenses “Fulfillment,” “Technology and infrastructure,” “Sales and marketing,” and “General and administrative” based on usage, which is generally reflected in the segment in which the costs are incurred. The majority of technology costs recorded in “Technology and infrastructure” are incurred in the U.S. and are included in our North America and AWS segments. The majority of infrastructure costs recorded in “Technology and infrastructure” are allocated to the AWS segment based on usage. There are no internal revenue transactions between our reportable segments. Our chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) is our President and Chief Executive Officer. Our CODM regularly reviews consolidated net sales, consolidated operating expenses, and consolidated operating income (loss) by segment. Amounts included in consolidated operating expenses include “Cost of sales,” “Fulfillment,” “Technology and infrastructure,” “Sales and marketing,” “General and administrative,” and “Other operating expense (income), net.” Our CODM manages our business primarily by reviewing consolidated results by segment on a quarterly basis, and using those results along with forecasts and other non-financial information in our annual budgeting process.
65
Table of Contents
North America
The North America segment primarily consists of amounts earned from retail sales of consumer products (including from sellers) and advertising and subscription services through North America-focused online and physical stores. This segment includes export sales from these online stores.
International
The International segment primarily consists of amounts earned from retail sales of consumer products (including from sellers) and advertising and subscription services through internationally-focused online stores. This segment includes export sales from these internationally-focused online stores (including export sales from these online stores to customers in the U.S., Mexico, and Canada), but excludes export sales from our North America-focused online stores.
AWS
The AWS segment consists of amounts earned from global sales of compute, storage, database, and other services for start-ups, enterprises, government agencies, and academic institutions.
Information on reportable segments and reconciliation to consolidated net income (loss) is as follows (in millions):
66
Table of Contents
Net sales by groups of similar products and services, which also have similar economic characteristics, is as follows (in millions):
___________________
(1)
Includes product sales and digital media content where we record revenue gross. We leverage our retail infrastructure to offer a wide selection of consumable and durable