tax controversies, changes in our stock price, changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities and their valuation, foreign currency gains (losses), changes in statutes, regulations, case law, and administrative practices, principles, and interpretations related to tax, including changes to the global tax framework, competition, and other laws and accounting rules in various jurisdictions, and relative changes of expenses or losses for which tax benefits are not recognized. Our effective tax rate can be more or less volatile based on the amount of pre-tax income or loss. For example, the impact of discrete items and non-deductible expenses on our effective tax rate is greater when our pre-tax income is lower. In addition, we record valuation allowances against deferred tax assets when there is uncertainty about our ability to generate future income in relevant jurisdictions.
For 2025, we estimate that our effective tax rate will be favorably impacted by the U.S. federal research and development credit and foreign income deduction and adversely affected by state income taxes.
Our income tax provision for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was $
2.5
billion, which included $
558
million of net discrete tax benefits. Our income tax provision for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was $
4.6
billion, which included $
559
million of net discrete tax expense.
Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds was $
458
million and $
877
million in Q1 2024 and Q1 2025.
As of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, income tax contingencies were approximately $
6.5
billion and $
6.3
billion. Changes in tax laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations may impact our tax contingencies. Due to various factors, including the inherent complexities and uncertainties of the judicial, administrative, and regulatory processes in certain jurisdictions, the timing of the resolution of income tax controversies is highly uncertain, and the amounts ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of the issues raised by the taxing authorities may differ from the amounts accrued. It is reasonably possible that within the next twelve months we will receive additional assessments by various tax authorities or possibly reach resolution of income tax controversies in one or more jurisdictions. These assessments or settlements could result in changes to our contingencies related to positions on prior years’ tax filings.
We are under examination, or may be subject to examination, by the Internal Revenue Service for the calendar year 2016 and thereafter. These examinations may lead to ordinary course adjustments or proposed adjustments to our taxes or our net operating losses with respect to years under examination as well as subsequent periods.
We are also subject to taxation in various states and foreign jurisdictions including China, France, Germany, India, Japan, Luxembourg, and the United Kingdom. We are under, or may be subject to, audit or