protection, consumer protection, commercial disputes, goods and services offered by us and by third parties, and other matters.
The outcomes of our legal proceedings and other contingencies are inherently unpredictable, subject to significant uncertainties, and could be material to our operating results and cash flows for a particular period. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal proceedings and other contingencies that could affect the amount of liability, including amounts in excess of any previous accruals and reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our accruals and disclosures as appropriate. For the matters we disclose that do not include an estimate of the amount of loss or range of losses, such an estimate is not possible or is immaterial, and we may be unable to estimate the possible loss or range of losses that could potentially result from the application of non-monetary remedies. Until the final resolution of such matters, if any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, we may experience losses in excess of the
60
Table of Contents
amounts recorded, which could have a material effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
See also “Note 9 — Income Taxes.”
Note 8 —
STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Preferred Stock
We have authorized
500
million shares of $
0.01
par value preferred stock.
No
preferred stock was outstanding for any year presented.
Common Stock
Common shares outstanding plus shares underlying outstanding stock awards totaled
10.6
billion,
10.8
billion, and
10.9
billion, as of December 31, 2022, 2023, and 2024. These totals include all vested and unvested stock awards outstanding, including those awards we estimate will be forfeited.
Stock Repurchase Activity
In March 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $
10.0
billion of our common stock, with no fixed expiration. We repurchased
46.2
million shares of our common stock for $
6.0
billion in 2022. There were
no
repurchases of common stock in 2023 or 2024. As of December 31, 2024, we have $
6.1
billion remaining under the repurchase program.
Stock Award Plans
Employees vest in restricted stock unit awards over the corresponding service term, generally between
two
and
five years
. The majority of restricted stock unit awards are granted at the date of hire or in Q2 as part of the annual compensation review and primarily vest semi-annually in Q2 and Q4 of the relevant compensation year.
Stock Award Activity
Stock-based compensation expense is as follows (in millions):
___________________
(1)
The related tax benefits were $
4.3
billion, $
5.4
billion, and $
5.0
billion for 2022, 2023, and 2024.
61
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes our restricted stock unit activity (in millions):
Scheduled vesting for outstanding restricted stock units as of December 31, 2024, is as follows (in millions):
As of December 31,