product and service offerings less attractive and subject us to liability. Our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient. In addition, our insurance may not provide sufficient coverage to compensate for related losses. Any of these events could damage our reputation and be expensive to remedy.
The Loss of Key Senior Management Personnel or the Failure to Hire and Retain Highly Skilled and Other Personnel Could Negatively Affect Our Business
We depend on our senior management and other key personnel, including our President and CEO. We do not have “key person” life insurance policies. We also rely on other highly skilled personnel. Competition for qualified personnel in the industries in which we operate, as well as senior management, has historically been intense. For example, we experience significant competition in the technology industry, particularly for software engineers, computer scientists, and other technical staff. In addition, changes we make to our current and future work environments may not meet the needs or expectations of our employees or may be perceived as less favorable compared to other companies’ policies, which could negatively impact our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees, the failure to successfully transition key roles, or the inability to hire, train, retain, and manage qualified personnel, could harm our business.
38
Table of
Contents
We also rely on a significant number of personnel to operate our stores, fulfillment network, and data centers and carry out our other operations. Failure to successfully hire, train, manage, and retain sufficient personnel to meet our needs can strain our operations, increase payroll and other costs, and harm our business and reputation. In addition, changes in laws and regulations applicable to employees, independent contractors, and temporary personnel could increase our payroll costs, decrease our operational flexibility, and negatively impact how we are able to staff our operations and supplement our workforce.
We are also subject to labor union efforts to organize groups of our employees from time to time. These organizational efforts, if successful, decrease our operational flexibility, which could adversely affect our operating efficiency. In addition, our response to any organizational efforts could be perceived negatively and harm our business and reputation.
Our Supplier Relationships Subject Us to a Number of Risks
We have significant suppliers, including content and technology licensors, and in some cases, limited or single-sources of supply, that are important to our sourcing, services, manufacturing, and any related ongoing servicing of merchandise and content. We do not have long-term arrangements with most of our suppliers to guarantee availability of merchandise, content, components, or services, particular payment terms, or the extension of credit