and infrastructure. These costs are allocated to segments based on usage. The increase in technology and infrastructure costs in 2024, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to an increase in spending on infrastructure, partially offset by decreased payroll and related costs associated with technical teams responsible for expanding our existing products and services and initiatives to introduce new products and service offerings and a reduction in depreciation and amortization expense from our change in the estimated useful life of our servers. Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced technology and infrastructure costs by $244 million in 2024. We currently expense the majority of the costs associated with the development of our satellite network for global broadband service (including production, launch, and payroll costs, and launch services deposits upon launch). We will capitalize certain of these costs once the service achieves commercial viability, including sales to customers.
Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing costs include advertising and payroll and related expenses for personnel engaged in marketing and selling activities, including sales commissions related to AWS. We direct customers to our stores primarily through a number of marketing channels, such as our sponsored search, third-party customer referrals, social and online advertising, television advertising, and other initiatives. Our marketing costs are largely variable, based on growth in sales and changes in rates. To the extent there is increased or decreased competition for these traffic sources, or to the extent our mix of these channels shifts, we would expect to see a corresponding change in our marketing costs.
The decrease in sales and marketing costs in 2024, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to decreased payroll and related expenses for personnel engaged in marketing and selling activities, partially offset by increased advertising expenses. Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced sales and marketing costs by $263 million in 2024.
While costs associated with Amazon Prime membership benefits and other shipping offers are not included in sales and marketing expense, we view these offers as effective worldwide marketing tools, and intend to continue offering them indefinitely.
26
Table of Contents
General and Administrative
The decrease in general and administrative costs in 2024, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to a decrease in payroll and related expenses.
Other Operating Expense (Income), Net
Other operating expense (income), net was $767 million and $763 million during 2023 and 2024, and was primarily related to asset impairments and the amortization of intangible assets.
Operating Income (Loss)
Operating income (loss) by segment is as follows (in millions):
Operating income was $36.9 billion and $68.6 billion for 2023 and 2024. We believe that operating income is a more meaningful measure than gross profit and gross margin due to