carrying value may not be recoverable. We may elect to utilize a qualitative assessment to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value and if so, we perform a quantitative test. We compare the carrying value of each reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset to its estimated fair value and if the fair value is determined to be less than the carrying value, we recognize an impairment loss for the difference. We estimate the fair value of the reporting units using discounted cash flows. Forecasts of future cash flows are based on our best estimate of future net sales and operating expenses, based primarily on expected category expansion, pricing, market segment share, and general economic conditions.
We completed the required annual impairment test of goodwill for all reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of April 1, 2024, resulting in
no
impairments. The fair value of our reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying value. There were no events that caused us to update our annual impairment test.
See “Note 5 — Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Acquired Intangible Assets.”
47
Table of Contents
Other Assets
Included in “Other assets” on our consolidated balance sheets are amounts primarily related to video and music content, net of accumulated amortization; long-term deferred tax assets; acquired intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization; convertible notes and certain equity investments; satellite network launch services deposits; and affordable housing loans. We recognize certain transactions with governments when there is reasonable assurance that incentives included in the agreements, such as cash or certain tax credits, will be received and we are able to comply with any related conditions. These incentives are recorded as reductions to the cost of related assets or expenses.
Digital Video and Music Content
We obtain video content, inclusive of episodic television and movies, and music content for customers through licensing agreements that have a wide range of licensing provisions including both fixed and variable payment schedules. When the license fee for a specific video or music title is determinable or reasonably estimable and the content is available to us, we recognize an asset and a corresponding liability for the amounts owed. We reduce the liability as payments are made and we amortize the asset to “Cost of sales” on an accelerated basis, based on estimated usage or viewing patterns, or on a straight-line basis. If the licensing fee is not determinable or reasonably estimable, no asset or liability is recorded and licensing costs are expensed as incurred. We also develop original video content for which the production costs are capitalized and amortized to “Cost of sales” predominantly on an accelerated basis that follows the estimated viewing patterns associated with the content. The