exchange rates reduced North America net sales by $462 million in 2024.
International sales increased 9% in 2024, compared to the prior year. The sales growth primarily reflects increased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers, advertising sales, and subscription services. Increased unit sales were driven largely by our continued focus on price, selection, and convenience for our customers, including from our fast shipping offers. Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced International net sales by $1.8 billion in 2024.
24
Table of Contents
AWS sales increased 19% in 2024, compared to the prior year. The sales growth primarily reflects increased customer usage, partially offset by pricing changes primarily driven by long-term customer contracts.
Operating Expenses
Information about operating expenses is as follows (in millions):
Cost of Sales
Cost of sales primarily consists of the purchase price of consumer products, inbound and outbound shipping costs, including costs related to sortation and delivery centers and where we are the transportation service provider, and digital media content costs where we record revenue gross, including video and music.
The increase in cost of sales in 2024, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to increased product and shipping costs resulting from increased sales, partially offset by fulfillment network efficiencies, including lower transportation costs. Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced cost of sales by $1.7 billion in 2024.
Shipping costs were $89.5 billion and $95.8 billion in 2023 and 2024. Shipping costs to receive products from our suppliers are included in our inventory and recognized as cost of sales upon sale of products to our customers. We expect our cost of shipping to continue to increase to the extent our customers accept and use our shipping offers at an increasing rate, we use more expensive shipping methods, and we offer additional services. We seek to mitigate costs of shipping over time in part through achieving higher sales volumes, optimizing our fulfillment network, negotiating better terms with our suppliers, and achieving better operating efficiencies. We believe that offering low prices to our customers is fundamental to our future success, and one way we offer lower prices is through shipping offers.
Costs to operate our AWS segment are primarily classified as “Technology and infrastructure” as we leverage a shared infrastructure that supports both our internal technology requirements and external sales to AWS customers.
Fulfillment
Fulfillment costs primarily consist of those costs incurred in operating and staffing our North America and International fulfillment centers, physical stores, and customer service centers and payment processing costs. While AWS payment
25
Table of Contents
processing and related transaction costs are included in “Fulfillment,” AWS costs are primarily classified as “Technology and infrastructure.” Fulfillment costs as a percentage