generation without a fixed or minimum volume commitment are not included. Our energy agreements generally provide the right to receive energy certificates for no additional consideration.
(3)
Includes asset retirement obligations, the estimated timing and amounts of payments for rent and tenant improvements associated with build-to-suit lease arrangements that are under construction, and liabilities associated with digital media content agreements with initial terms greater than one year. Excludes approximately $
6.5
billion of income tax contingencies for which we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period of payment, if any.
58
Table of Contents
Suppliers
During 2024, no vendor accounted for 10% or more of our purchases. We generally do not have long-term contracts or arrangements with our vendors to guarantee the availability of merchandise, particular payment terms, or the extension of credit limits.
Other Contingencies
We are disputing claims and denials of refunds or credits, and monitoring or evaluating potential claims, related to various non-income taxes (such as sales, value added, consumption, service, and similar taxes), including in jurisdictions in which we already collect and remit these taxes. These non-income tax controversies typically include (i) the taxability of products and services, including cross-border intercompany transactions, (ii) collection and withholding on transactions with third parties, including as a result of evolving requirements imposed on marketplaces with respect to third-party sellers, and (iii) the adequacy of compliance with reporting obligations, including evolving documentation requirements. Due to the inherent complexity and uncertainty of these matters and the judicial and regulatory processes in certain jurisdictions, the final outcome of any such controversies may be materially different from our expectations.
Legal Proceedings
The Company is involved from time to time in claims, proceedings, and litigation, including the following:
In May 2018, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and CF Dynamic Advances LLC filed a complaint against Amazon.com, Inc. in the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York. The complaint alleged, among other things, that “Alexa Voice Software and Alexa enabled devices” infringe U.S. Patent No. 7,177,798, entitled “Natural Language Interface Using Constrained Intermediate Dictionary of Results.” The complaint sought an injunction, an unspecified amount of damages, enhanced damages
, an ongoing royalty, interest, attorneys’ fees, and costs. In March 2023, the plaintiffs alleged in their damages report that in the event of a finding of liability Amazon could be subject to $
140
million to $
267
million in damages. In March 2024, the district court granted summary judgment ruling that the patent is invalid and dismissed the case. In April 2024, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal. We dispute the allegations of wrongdoing and