continue to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiency through rapid technology developments, while operating at an ever increasing scale. Our technology and infrastructure investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We expect spending in technology and infrastructure to increase over time as we continue to add employees and infrastructure. These costs are allocated to segments based on usage. The increase in technology and infrastructure costs in Q1 2025, compared to the comparable prior year period, is primarily due to an increase in spending on infrastructure, partially offset by decreased payroll and related costs associated with technical teams responsible for expanding our existing products and services and initiatives to introduce new products and service offerings. Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced technology and infrastructure costs by $190 million for Q1 2025. We currently expense the majority of the costs associated with the development of our satellite network for global broadband service (including production, launch, and payroll costs, and launch services deposits upon launch). We will capitalize certain of these costs once the service achieves commercial viability, including sales to customers. See Item 7 of Part II, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Overview” of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of how management views advances in technology and the importance of innovation.
Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing costs include advertising and payroll and related expenses for personnel engaged in marketing and selling activities, including sales commissions related to AWS. We direct customers to our stores primarily through a number of marketing channels, such as our sponsored search, third-party customer referrals, social and online advertising, television advertising, and other initiatives. Our marketing costs are largely variable, based on growth in sales and changes in rates. To the extent there is increased or decreased competition for these traffic sources, or to the extent our mix of these channels shifts, we would expect to see a corresponding change in our marketing costs.
The increase in sales and marketing costs in Q1 2025 compared to the comparable prior year period, is primarily due to increased advertising expenses, partially offset by decreased payroll and related expenses for personnel engaged in marketing and selling activities. Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced sales and marketing costs by $134 million for Q1 2025.
While costs associated with Amazon Prime membership benefits and other shipping offers are not included in sales and marketing expense, we view these offers as effective worldwide marketing tools, and intend to continue offering them indefinitely.
27