fulfillment network and data center facilities. Excluding interest, current financing obligations of $
312
million and $
275
million are recorded within “Accrued expenses and other” and $
7.1
billion are recorded within “Other long-term liabilities” as of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025. The weighted-average remaining term of the financing obligations was
16.1
years and
15.8
years and the weighted-average imputed interest rate was
3.1
% as of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025.
(2)
Includes unconditional purchase obligations related to long-term agreements to acquire and license digital media content, procure energy, acquire property and equipment, and license software that are not reflected on the consolidated balance sheets. For those agreements with variable terms, we do not estimate the total obligation beyond any minimum quantities and/or pricing as of the reporting date. Purchase obligations associated with renewal provisions solely at the option of the content provider are included to the extent such commitments are fixed or a minimum amount is specified. Energy agreements based on actual generation without a fixed or minimum volume commitment are not included. Our energy agreements generally provide the right to receive energy certificates for no additional consideration.
(3)
Includes asset retirement obligations, the estimated timing and amounts of payments for rent and tenant improvements associated with build-to-suit lease arrangements that are under construction, and liabilities associated with digital media content agreements with initial terms greater than one year. Excludes approximately $
6.3
billion of income tax contingencies for which we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period of payment, if any.
Other Contingencies
We are disputing claims and denials of refunds or credits, and monitoring or evaluating potential claims, related to various non-income taxes (such as sales, value added, consumption, service, and similar taxes), including in jurisdictions in which we already collect and remit these taxes. These non-income tax controversies typically include (i) the taxability of products and services, including cross-border intercompany transactions, (ii) collection and withholding on transactions with third parties, including as a result of evolving requirements imposed on marketplaces with respect to third-party sellers, and (iii) the adequacy of compliance with reporting obligations, including evolving documentation requirements. Due to the inherent complexity and uncertainty of these matters and the judicial and regulatory processes in certain jurisdictions, the final outcome of any such controversies may be materially different from our expectations.
Legal Proceedings
The Company is involved from time to time in claims, proceedings, and litigation, including the matters described in Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 7 — Commitments and Contingencies —