complaints seek billions of dollars of alleged damages, treble damages, punitive damages, injunctive relief, civil penalties, attorneys’ fees, and costs. The Federal Trade Commission and a number of state Attorneys General filed a similar lawsuit in September 2023 in the W.D. Wash. alleging violations of federal antitrust and state antitrust and consumer protection laws. That complaint alleges, among other things, that Amazon has a monopoly in markets for online superstores and marketplace
59
Table of Contents
services, and unlawfully maintains those monopolies through anticompetitive practices relating to our pricing policies, advertising practices, the structure of Prime, and promotion of our own products on our website. The complaint seeks injunctive and structural relief, an unspecified amount of damages, and costs. In May 2024, the Attorney General of Arizona filed a complaint in the Superior Court of Arizona in Maricopa County alleging that Amazon’s practices related to pricing and the Featured Offers in its stores violate state antitrust and consumer protection laws. That complaint also seeks injunctive relief, an unspecified amount of damages, civil penalties, and costs. Amazon’s motions to dismiss were granted in part and denied in part in Frame-Wilson in March 2022 and March 2023, De Coster v. Amazon.com, Inc. (W.D. Wash.) in January 2023, and the California Attorney General’s lawsuit in March 2023. All three courts dismissed claims alleging that Amazon’s pricing policies are inherently illegal and denied dismissal of claims alleging that Amazon’s pricing policies are an unlawful restraint of trade. In August 2024, the DC Court of Appeals overturned a prior decision by the DC Superior Court dismissing the DC Attorney General’s lawsuit and that case is now proceeding. In September 2024, the United States District Court for the W.D. Wash. granted in part Amazon’s motion to dismiss the suit brought by the FTC and certain state Attorneys General with respect to five state law claims and denied the motion with respect to the remaining claims. We dispute the allegations of wrongdoing and intend to defend ourselves vigorously in these matters.
In October 2020, Broadband iTV, Inc. filed a complaint against Amazon.com, Inc., Amazon.com Services LLC, and Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas. The complaint alleges, among other things, that certain Amazon Prime Video features and services infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 9,648,388, 10,546,750, and 10,536,751, each entitled “Video-On-Demand Content Delivery System for Providing Video-On-Demand Services to TV Services Subscribers”; 10,028,026, entitled “System for Addressing On-Demand TV Program Content on TV Services Platform of a Digital TV Services Provider”; and 9,973,825, entitled “Dynamic Adjustment of Electronic Program Guide Displays Based on Viewer Preferences for Minimizing Navigation in VOD Program Selection.” The complaint seeks an