warrant valuations, foreign currency, and reclassification adjustments for gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt securities. The net loss of $(2.7) billion in Q1 2024 is primarily from the marketable securities loss from our equity investment in Rivian. The net gain of $2.7 billion in Q1 2025 is primarily from the reclassification adjustment for the gain on available-for-sale debt securities from the portion of our convertible notes investments in Anthropic, PBC that were converted to nonvoting preferred stock during the three months ended March 31, 2025, partially offset by the marketable securities loss from our equity investment in Rivian.
28
Table of
Contents
Income Taxes
Our income tax provision for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was $2.5 billion, which included $558 million of net discrete tax benefits. Our income tax provision for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was $4.6 billion, which included $559 million of net discrete tax expense. See Item 1 of Part I, “Financial Statements — Note 7 — Income Taxes” for additional information.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Regulation G, Conditions for Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, and other SEC regulations define and prescribe the conditions for use of certain non-GAAP financial information. Free cash flow and the effect of foreign exchange rates on our consolidated statements of operations meet the definition of non-GAAP financial measures.
Free Cash Flow
Our financial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flow. We provide a free cash flow measure because we believe it provides additional perspective on the impact of acquiring property and equipment with cash. Free cash flow is cash flow from operations reduced by “Purchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from sales and incentives.” The following is a reconciliation of free cash flow to the most comparable GAAP cash flow measure, “Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities,” for the trailing twelve months ended March 31, 2024 and 2025 (in millions):
Free cash flow has limitations as it omits certain components of the overall cash flow statement and does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. For example, free cash flow does not incorporate the portion of payments representing principal reductions of debt or cash payments for business acquisitions. Additionally, our mix of property and equipment acquisitions with cash or other financing options may change over time. Therefore, we believe it is important to view free cash flow only as a complement to our entire consolidated statements of cash flows.
Effect of Foreign Exchange Rates
Information regarding the effect of foreign exchange rates, versus the U.S. Dollar, on our net sales, operating expenses, and operating income is provided to show reported period operating results had the foreign exchange rates remained the same as those in effect in the comparable prior year period. The effect on our net sales,