$17.0 billion in 2023 and 2024. Property and equipment acquired under finance leases was $642 million and $854 million in 2023 and 2024.
We had no borrowings outstanding under the two unsecured revolving credit facilities or the commercial paper programs as of December 31, 2024. See Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 6 — Debt” for additional information.
As of December 31, 2024, cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held by foreign subsidiaries were $6.3 billion. We intend to invest substantially all of our foreign subsidiary earnings, as well as our capital in our foreign subsidiaries, indefinitely outside of the U.S. in those jurisdictions in which we would incur significant, additional costs upon repatriation of such amounts.
Our U.S. taxable income is reduced by accelerated depreciation deductions and increased by the impact of capitalized research and development expenses. U.S. tax rules provide for enhanced accelerated depreciation deductions by allowing us to expense a portion of qualified property, primarily equipment. These enhanced deductions are scheduled to phase out annually from 2023 through 2026. Our federal tax provision included accelerated depreciation deductions for 2022, 2023, and 2024. Additionally, effective January 1, 2022, research and development expenses are required to be capitalized and amortized for U.S. tax purposes, which delays the deductibility of these expenses. Cash paid for U.S. (federal and state) and foreign income taxes (net of refunds) totaled $11.2 billion and $12.3 billion for 2023 and 2024.
As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, restricted cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were $503 million and $3.5 billion. See Item 8 of Part II, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 6 — Debt” and “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Note 7 — Commitments and Contingencies” for additional discussion of our principal contractual commitments, as well as our pledged assets. Additionally, we have purchase obligations and open purchase orders, including for inventory and capital expenditures, that support normal operations and are primarily due in the next twelve months. These purchase obligations and open purchase orders are generally cancellable in full or in part through the contractual provisions.
We believe that cash flows generated from operations and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, as well as our borrowing arrangements, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs for at least the next twelve months. However, any projections of future cash needs and cash flows are subject to substantial uncertainty. See Item 1A of Part I, “Risk Factors.” We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, obtain finance and operating lease arrangements, enter into financing obligations, repurchase common stock, pay dividends, or repurchase,