from Anthropic, PBC, which is convertible to equity. In Q1 2024, we invested $
2.75
billion in a second convertible note. In Q4 2024, we entered into an agreement and invested $
1.3
billion in a third convertible note, and will invest an additional $
2.7
billion by Q4 2025. The notes are classified as available-for-sale and are classified as Level 3 assets, and as of December 31, 2024 had an estimated fair value of approximately $
13.8
billion. In making these estimates, we utilized valuation methods based on information available, including the rights and obligations of the convertible notes, other outstanding classes of securities, observable transactions such as new securities offerings, estimates of expected time to and type of liquidity events and anticipated securities offerings, and discounts for lack of marketability. Subsequent to December 31, 2024, a portion of the notes were converted to nonvoting preferred stock. As a result of this conversion, a significant portion of the unrealized gain associated with the notes as of December 31, 2024 was reclassified and
48
Table of Contents
a gain will be recorded in “Other income (expense), net” in our Q1 2025 consolidated statement of operations. We also have a commercial arrangement primarily for the provision of AWS cloud services, which includes the use of AWS chips.
Equity investments in private companies for which we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for at cost, with adjustments for observable changes in prices or impairments recognized in “Other income (expense), net” on our consolidated statements of operations. Each reporting period, we perform a qualitative assessment to evaluate whether the investment is impaired. Our assessment includes a review of recent operating results and trends, recent sales/acquisitions of the investee securities, and other publicly available data. If the investment is impaired, we write it down to its estimated fair value. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, these investments had a carrying value of $
754
million and $
989
million.
Equity investments where we can exercise significant influence, but not control, over an investee are accounted for using the equity method of accounting, or at fair value if we elect the fair value option. Our share of the earnings or losses as reported by equity-method investees, amortization of basis differences, related gains or losses, and impairments, if any, are recognized in “Equity-method investment activity, net of tax” on our consolidated statements of operations. Each reporting period, we evaluate whether declines in fair value below carrying value are other-than-temporary and if so, we write down the investment to its estimated fair value. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, these investments had a carrying value of $
614
million and $
1.2
billion.
As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, equity warrants measured at fair value were $
2.2
billion and $
2.7
billion, with changes recognized in