China also has announced a new export control regime. Further, the Chinese government has responded to these U.S. actions by adding  U.S. entities to an unreliable entity list, which limits the ability of companies on the list to engage in business with Chinese customers. These restrictions could disrupt the ability of China to produce semiconductors and other electronics, impact our ability to source components from China, or impact the cost of components or inputs used to produce our products.
Given the relatively fluid regulatory environment in China and the United States, there is uncertainty with how the U.S. government or foreign governments will act in response to changes in tariffs, trade policies, and foreign investment laws and regulations, which could directly and adversely impact our financial results and results of operations. We cannot predict what actions may ultimately be taken with respect to trade relations between the United States and China or other countries, what products may be subject to such actions or what actions may be taken by the other countries in retaliation. If these trade restrictions, including foreign investment restrictions, or trade barriers remain in place or if new trade restrictions or trade barriers are placed on products such as ours by U.S. or foreign governments, especially China, our costs may increase.  If we are unable to obtain or use components for inclusion in our products, if component prices increase significantly or if we are unable to export or sell our products to any of our customers, our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.
If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected.
Assessing our processes, procedures and staffing in order to improve our internal control over financial reporting is an ongoing process. Preparing our financial statements involves a number of complex processes, many of which are done manually and are dependent upon individual data input or review. These processes include, but are not limited to, calculating revenue, inventory costs and the preparation of our statement of cash flows. While we continue to automate our processes and enhance our review controls to reduce the likelihood for errors, we expect that for the foreseeable future many of our processes will remain manually intensive and thus subject to human error.
If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect or if there is a change in accounting principles, our results of operations could fall below expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States