leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the improvements or the remaining lease term.
Leases
We lease office space, data centers, and equipment under non-cancellable operating leases with various expiration dates through 2031. We determine if an arrangement contains a lease at inception. Operating leases are recorded as right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and lease liabilities, and are included in other assets and other current and non-current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. We do not have any finance leases in any of the periods presented.
ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term. The interest rate implicit in our operating leases is not readily available, and therefore, an incremental borrowing rate is estimated based on a hypothetical interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar terms, payments, and economic environments. ROU assets also include any prepaid lease payments and lease incentives.
Our operating lease agreements may contain rent concession, rent escalation, and option to renew provisions. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term commencing on the date we have the right to use the leased property. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. In addition, certain of our operating lease agreements contain tenant improvement allowances from landlords. These allowances are accounted for as lease incentives and decrease our right-of-use asset and reduce lease expense over the lease term.
Our lease agreements may contain lease and non-lease components, which are combined and accounted for as a single lease component. We also have elected to apply the short-term lease measurement and recognition exemption in which ROU assets and lease liabilities are not recognized for leases with terms of 12 months or less.
Business Combinations
We use the acquisition method to account for our business combinations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 805 -
Business Combinations
. We allocate the total fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the consideration transferred over the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. The results of operations of the acquired businesses are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. Acquisition-related transaction and restructuring costs are expensed as incurred.
82
Table of Contents
During the measurement period, which is not to exceed one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the acquired assets and liabilities assumed, with a corresponding offset to goodwill or the preliminary purchase