or liability and/or require us to change our business practices. For example, we were previously involved in litigation with Cisco and OptumSoft. In addition, on November 25, 2020, WSOU filed a lawsuit against us in the Western District of Texas asserting that certain of our products infringe three WSOU patents. WSOU's allegations are directed to certain features of our wireless and switching products. WSOU seeks remedies including monetary damages, attorney’s fees and costs. On February 4, 2021, we filed an answer denying WSOU's allegations. On November 5, 2021, the case was transferred to the Northern District of California.
On March 30, 2022, WSOU dismissed one of the patents with prejudice, removing Arista wireless products from those accused of infringement. On July 1, 2022, the court stayed the case pending the resolution of an inter partes review of one of the patents-in-suit.
On May 30, 2023, the US Patent Trial and Appeal Board (“PTAB”) ruled all challenged claims in the inter partes review unpatentable, and this ruling was upheld by the Federal Circuit on March 10, 2025. The district court case remains stayed
pending appeal and/or final
resolution of the PTAB ruling as of the date of this filing.
We intend to vigorously defend against the claims brought against us by WSOU. However, we cannot be certain that any of WSOU's claims will be resolved in our favor, regardless of the merits of those claims. Any adverse litigation ruling could result in a significant damages award against us and injunctive relief.
Because of the pot
ential risks, expenses and uncertainties of litigation, we may, from time to time, settle disputes, even where we have meritorious claims or defenses. Although we have insurance which may provide coverage for some kinds of claims we may face, that insurance may not cover some kinds of claims or types of relief and may not be adequate in a particular case. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable, we cannot assure you that the results of any of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
47
Table of Contents
For more information regarding the litigation in which we have been involved, see the “Legal Proceedings” subheading in Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
Defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our products, the failure of our products to detect security breaches or incidents, the misuse of our products or the risks of product liability could harm our reputation and adversely impact our operating results.
Our products, services and internal network systems could become a target for security attacks, including attacks specifically designed to disrupt our business and our customers and introduce malicious software and attacks by state sponsors. If our