product safety, environmental laws (including new laws related to climate change), consumer protection laws, privacy, data protection, telecommunications, anti-bribery laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, import/export controls and sanctions, conflict minerals, federal securities laws and tax laws and regulations. In addition, emerging tools and technologies we utilize in providing our products, like AI and machine learning, may also become subject to regulation under new laws or new applications of existing
43
laws. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and damage to our reputation.
In addition, in certain jurisdictions, these regulatory requirements may be more stringent than those in the United States, such as the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). The GDPR provides for substantial obligations relating to the handling, storage and other processing of data relating to individuals and administrative fines for violations, which can be up to four percent of the previous year’s annual revenue or €20 million, whichever is higher. In the past, we relied on the E.U.-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield programs, and/or the use of standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission ("SCCs"), to legitimize transfers of data out of the EU. EU courts later invalidated the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield and imposed additional obligations in connection with use of the SCCs. The European Commission subsequently issued new SCCs. The continued validity of these new SCCs for cross-border data transfer is uncertain and difficult to predict. Among other effects, we may experience additional costs associated with increased compliance burdens and new contract negotiations with third parties that aid in processing data on our behalf. Further, the UK has implemented legislation that substantially mirrors the GDPR, and which provides for fines of up to the greater of 17.5 million British Pounds or four percent of the previous year’s annual revenue, whichever is higher.  The relationship between the UK and the EU in relation to certain aspects of data protection law remains unclear following the UK’s exit from the EU, including with respect to regulation of data transfers between EU member states and the UK.  The UK has issued new standard contractual clauses that, like the SCCs, are required to be implemented.
We may experience reluctance or refusal by current or prospective customers in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), the UK, or other regions to use our products, and we may find it necessary or desirable to make further changes to our handling of personal data of residents of the EEA, UK, or other regions. The regulatory environment applicable to the handling of personal data of EEA and UK residents, and our actions taken in response, may cause us to assume additional liabilities