our inventory and supply chain, including costs related to tariffs on our products that are manufactured internationally. Cost of service revenue primarily consists of personnel and other costs associated with our global customer support and services organizations.
Cost of revenue increased by $158.7 million, or 27.8% for the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the same period in 2024. These increases were primarily driven by a corresponding increase in product and service revenues.
Gross margin, or gross profit as a percentage of revenue, has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including pricing pressure on our products and services due to competition, the mix of sales to large end customers who generally receive lower pricing, the mix of products sold, manufacturing-related costs, including costs associated with supply chain sourcing activities, merchant silicon costs, and excess/obsolete inventory charges, including charges for excess/obsolete
19
Table of Contents
component inventory held by our contract manufacturers and suppliers. We expect our gross margin to fluctuate over time depending on the factors described above and may be adversely impacted by unpredictable international trade policy and tariff rates.
Gross margin was 63.7% for the three months ended March 31, 2025, consistent with the amount in the same period in 2024.
Operating Expenses (in millions, except percentages)
Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. The largest component of our operating expenses is personnel costs. Personnel costs consist of wages, benefits, bonuses and, with respect to sales and marketing expenses, sales commissions. Personnel costs also include stock-based compensation and travel-related expenses.
Research and development
Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, prototype expenses, third-party engineering costs, and an allocated portion of facility and IT costs. Our research and development efforts are focused on new product development and maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and continue to invest in our technology.
Research and development expenses increased by $58.0 million, or 27.8% for the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the same period in 2024. The increase was primarily driven by a $25.1 million increase in personnel costs due to headcount growth, and a $19.3 million increase in new product introduction costs, including non-recurring engineering costs as we expand our product portfolio.
Sales and marketing
Sales and marketing expenses