including recent developments related to AI will continue to place increased demands on networking infrastructure.  Arista’s strategic commitment to using merchant silicon is also a key competitive differentiator for Arista in addressing these capacity demands. Merchant silicon not only provides the best price/performance available but allows Arista to bring next generation platforms to market early, allowing customers to benefit from Moore’s Law.
Availability
Networks are only useful when they are available. Arista’s modular EOS architecture and software testing innovations provide features and network designs that keep the network available even during maintenance and upgrades. EOS publish-subscribe architecture provides self-healing resiliency through live patching, upgrades, fault isolation and containment and graceful process restart to reduce maintenance windows and allow for intelligent insertion and removal of network elements.
4
Table of Contents
Openness and Programmability
Customers demand open, standards-based networking that avoids vendor lock-in and enables third-party integration to support best in-class technology ecosystems. Arista EOS, built on Linux, features open standard protocols, such as Border Gateway Protocol ("BGP") and Ethernet VPN ("EVPN"), offering interoperable solutions. Our well-structured set of APIs and EOS Software Development Kit ("SDK") as well as multiple DevOps integrations, enable enterprises to automate networking provisioning without manual intervention. EOS also natively supports Ansible, CFEngine, Chef, Puppet, virtual network orchestration applications and third-party management tools.
Visibility
Monitoring network performance in real time is a core need for current and next-generation architectures to run dependably. Arista EOS and CloudVision bring a modern approach to network telemetry and a replacement for legacy polling mechanisms. CloudVision analytics engines and CloudVision telemetry apps leverage the state streaming infrastructure of EOS and NetDL to give Arista customers an unprecedented level of visibility into their network operations.
Arista EOS also supports multiple telemetry tracers that bring deeper workload-level visibility by integrating with distributed applications like big data, cloud, container and virtualized environments.
Security
Arista focuses on building security into the networking layers through features native to EOS, such as segmentation and encryption, and network access control and NDR powered by AI. Most importantly, Arista’s integrated security toolset uses the underlying network infrastructure from switches to WAN routers to deliver key security capabilities and integrates seamlessly with the organization’s existing security program and tools.
Operational Efficiency
Automation is critical to delivering operational efficiency and Arista has taken the lessons learned from building large public clouds and engineered network automation into our CloudVision management