consist primarily of personnel costs, marketing, trade shows, and other promotional activities, and an allocated portion of facility and IT costs. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to expand our sales and marketing efforts worldwide.
Sales and marketing expenses increased by $11.5 million, or 10.9% for the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the same period in 2024, which was primarily driven by increased personnel costs due to headcount growth.
General and administrative
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and professional services costs for our finance, human resources, legal and certain executive functions. Our professional services costs are primarily related to external legal, accounting and tax services.
General and administrative expenses increased by $6.6 million, or 23.8% for the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the same period in 2024, impacted by an increase in personnel costs.
Other Income (Expense), Net (in millions, except percentages)
Other income (expense), net consists primarily of interest income from our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. We expect other income (expense), net may fluctuate in the future as a result of changes in interest rates and changes in our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances.
20
Table of Contents
The favorable movement in other income (expense), net, during the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 was primarily driven by increased interest income of $26.4 million due to an increase in our cash and marketable securities balances.
Provision for Income Taxes (in millions, except percentages)
We operate in a number of tax jurisdictions and are subject to taxes in each country or jurisdiction in which we conduct business. Earnings from our non-U.S. activities are subject to local country income tax and may also be subject to U.S. income tax. Generally, our U.S. tax obligations are reduced by a credit for foreign income taxes paid on these foreign earnings, which avoids double taxation. Our tax expense to date consists of federal, state and foreign current and deferred income taxes.
The increase in the effective tax rates in the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in 2024, was primarily due to a decrease in the proportion of tax benefits attributable to equity-based compensation versus total pre-tax income.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our principal sources of liquidity are cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations. As of March 31, 2025, our total balance of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities was approximately $8.1 billion, of which approximately $796.4 million was held outside the U.S. in our foreign subsidiaries.
Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are held for general business purposes, including the funding of working