of Micron products and its controls on metals used in semiconductor manufacturing such as gallium and germanium which, in turn, have caused and may continue to cause shortages of, and extended lead times for, components used to manufacture our products, increases in the prices for such components, a reduction, unpredictability or interruption of supply, prioritization of component shipments to other vendors and
42
Table of Contents
decommitments of orders. In addition, China imposed additional export controls on critical metals including tungsten, tellurium, bismuth, molybdenum, and indium (and related compounds) in February 2025 and further increased the scope of its export controls in April 2025 as part of its response to the United States’s imposition of additional tariffs on products from China. Insufficient component supply, and increases in the time required to manufacture our products may lead to prolonged inventory shortages, manufacturing disruptions and increased customer lead times for our products that could result in increased cancellation of orders or loss of future sales opportunities altogether as potential customers turn to competitors’ products that are readily available. In addition, in order to meet customer lead times, we have, and may continue to expedite the supply of components and make incremental investments in our supply chain to increase our capacity for manufacturing products, which increases our product costs and negatively affects our gross margin.
In order to reduce manufacturing lead times and plan for adequate component supply, we have issued and expect to continue to issue purchase orders for components and products that are non-cancellable and non-returnable, including purchase commitments for semiconductors as disclosed in Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  We expect that
our inventory and purchase commitments will remain volatile as we ramp new product introductions. In particular, we have increased our purchase commitments to respond to the rapid deployment of AI networks and reduce overall lead times which will increase our working capital requirements. There is no guarantee that suppliers will meet their commit
ments or that actual customer demand will not be lower than our demand forecasts. As customer lead times improve more broadly, we have seen and expect to continue to see a commensurate reduction in visibility to customer demand and a gradual return to a somewhat shorter demand-planning horizon. Additionally, certain customers have and may continue to engage in cost reduction measures including reductions in capital expenditures and other efficiency efforts which may result in a cancellation of orders or reduce demand for our products. We establish a liability for non-cancellable, non-returnable purchase commitments with our component inventory suppliers for quantities in