potential common shares assuming the dilutive effect of outstanding stock options, restricted stock units, and the employee stock purchase plan using the treasury stock method. Potential common shares whose effect would have been antidilutive are excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share.
The following table sets forth the computation of our basic and diluted net income per share (in millions, except per share amounts):
The following weighted-average outstanding shares of common stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share for the periods presented because their effect would have been anti-dilutive for the periods presented (in millions):
8.
Income Taxes (in millions, except percentages)
The increase in the effective tax rates in the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the same period in 2024, was primarily due to a decrease in the proportion of tax benefits attributable to equity-based compensation versus total pre-tax income.
15
Table of Contents
9.
Segment and Geographical Information
We operate as
one
reportable segment. The accounting policies of the reportable segment are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies.
Our chief operating decision maker ("CODM") is our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board, who reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.
The financial information reviewed by the CODM reflects quarterly and year-to-date operating results, with a primary focus on revenue, gross margin, operating margin and net income as reported on the consolidated statements of income. Consolidated financial information is used by the CODM to evaluate performance and make decisions regarding resource allocation and other strategic initiatives. This consolidated financial information is also what is used to establish and approve operating budgets and forecasts. The measure of segment assets is reported on the consolidated balance sheets in total. There was no change for each of the periods presented in the measurement methods used to determine reported segment profit and loss.
The CODM reviews the following significant segment expenses, which are presented separately on the Company’s consolidated statements of income: cost of product, cost of services, selling and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses, and research and development expenses. Other segment items that are included in the calculation of the Company’s net income include other income (expense), net, which is further described in Note 3. Financial Statements Details and income taxes, which is further described in Note 8. Income Taxes. Other segment disclosures such as depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation are disclosed in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
The following table represents revenue based on customers’