our common stock declined.
The networking market is rapidly evolving. If this market does not evolve as we anticipate or our target customers do not adopt our networking solutions, we may not be able to compete effectively, and our ability to generate revenue will suffer.
A substantial portion of our business and revenue depends on the growth and evolution of the networking market, including the evolution of the market for AI networks and the future deployment of Ethernet networking solutions in these AI networks. The market demand for networking solutions has increased in recent years as customers have deployed larger, more sophisticated networks and have increased the use of virtualization and cloud computing. The continued growth of this market will be dependent upon many factors including but not limited to the adoption of and demand for our customers’ products and services, the expansion, evolution and build out of our customers’ networks, the capacity utilization of existing network infrastructures, changes in the technological requirements for the products and services to be deployed in these networks, the amount and mix of capital spending by our customers, including any changing technology priorities such as the deployment of AI and related technologies, the development of network switches and cloud service solutions by our large customers for internal use, the financial performance and prospects of our customers, the availability of capital resources to our customers, changes in government regulation that could impact networking business models including those regulations related to AI, cybersecurity, privacy, data protection and net neutrality, our ability to provide networking solutions that address the needs of our customers more effectively and economically than those of other competitors or existing technologies and general economic conditions.
In particular, recent technologies, such as generative AI models, have emerged, and while they have driven increased demand for networking, the long-term trajectory is unknown and it is difficult for us to predict the demand for such new technologies. Customers may overestimate demand for their AI build outs and cancel, delay, reduce or otherwise modify their
32
Table of Contents
purchase commitments with little or no notice to us. In addition, customers may implement changes to their network architectures to improve efficiencies and reduce demand for our products. As such, demand estimates for our new products are difficult to forecast and create volatility in our revenue and inventory levels. If the AI market does not develop as anticipated or at all, then the potential demand for AI Ethernet switches may not be realized. Moreover, even if the market for AI applications does develop, the successful adoption of AI Ethernet products will be dependent upon their ability to compete against more established InfiniBand products or against the AI Ethernet products of other competitors to address