telecommunications and video providers based in China, U.S. Congress has also enacted bans on the use of certain Chinese-origin components or systems either in items sold to the U.S. government or, in some cases, in the internal networks of government contractors and subcontractors (even if those networks are not used for government-related projects).
Further, the U.S. government has imposed trade restrictions to address international human rights abuses. For example, in June 2022, the import restrictions contained in the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act ("UFLPA") became effective. The UFLPA creates a rebuttable presumption that any goods mined, produced or manufactured, wholly or in part in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (“XUAR”) of China, or produced by a UFLPA-listed entity, were made with forced labor and would therefore not be entitled to entry at any U.S. port. Importers may be required to present clear and convincing evidence that such goods are not made with forced labor. While we do not source items from the XUAR or from UFLPA-listed parties, and we have increased our supply chain diligence, there is risk that our ability to import components and products may be adversely affected by the UFLPA.
The U.S. government also recently introduced regulations that require notification of or prohibit certain transactions by the Company with entities in China or with linkages to China. These regulations could apply to certain intracompany activities with our China and Hong Kong subsidiaries or other activities with entities in China or with linkages to China. These regulations could also limit the ability of others to transact certain business with the Company if those transactions involve or benefit, directly or indirectly our operations in China. Where these new rules apply to a given transaction, it might limit our ability to carry out our long-term business strategy.
These controls or any additional restrictions may impact our ability to export certain products to China or other countries, prohibit us from selling our products to certain of our customers, restrict our ability to use certain ICs in our products, impact our suppliers who may utilize facilities or equipment described in these controls, or impact the cost of components or inputs used to produce our products. These measures may also increase in response to certain geopolitical events, such as the recent international trade tensions or if the relationship between the U.S. and China or between China and Taiwan otherwise deteriorates.
The Chinese government has retaliated to, and may continue to retaliate to, these or other U.S. trade restrictions in ways that could impact our business. For example, China has announced controls on both the use of Micron products and export license requirements on certain materials used, among other things, in the production of semiconductors, optical components,
50
Table of Contents
and other electronic devices including germanium and gallium.