Communications Commission, standards established by governmental authorities in various foreign countries and recommendations of the International Telecommunication Union. In some circumstances, we must obtain regulatory approvals or certificates of compliance before we can offer or distribute our products in certain jurisdictions or to certain customers. In recent years, certain jurisdictions have tied these approvals to concerns about international relationships, including, e.g., concerns about entities with components sourced from China.  Complying with new regulations or obtaining certifications, especially as standards evolve, may be costly and disruptive to our business and also may affect our ability to sell our products where these standards or regulations apply, which in turn may prevent us from sustaining our net revenues or achieving profitability.
Enhanced U.S. trade restrictions affecting China and other countries, including export controls, import regulations, and foreign investment regulations, as well as countermeasures taken by affected countries may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business.
Over the past several years, the U.S. government has enacted a series of international trade restrictions affecting China and other countries which have included export controls, import regulations and foreign investment regulations. For example, the U.S. has added additional entities, from China and elsewhere, to restricted party lists impacting the ability of U.S. companies to provide products, and in certain cases services, to these entities and, in some cases, receive products or services from these entities. The U.S. has also enacted controls restricting the ability to send certain products and technology related to semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing, and supercomputing to China without an export license. In 2023 and 2024, the U.S. government expanded the list of advanced integrated circuits ("ICs") subject to heightened export controls, including certain hardware containing these specified ICs, expanded the list of countries that require export authorization for such items, and added new restrictions based on the headquarters location of the parties involved. Proposed Regulations further expanding the controls to impose a worldwide licensing requirement on certain ICs and computing resources that are used for training of AI models are currently in effect and have a scheduled compliance date of May 15, 2025, after which time companies may be subject to further enforcement; as of May 2025, it is unclear whether or how the U.S. government may amend these regulations. The U.S. government also continues to expand the scope of restrictions on the development or production of advanced ICs and certain semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and the restrictions on supercomputing, in China and other countries.
Due to concerns with products and services from certain semiconductor,