could also adversely affect our ability to meet our scheduled product deliveries to our customers, which could damage our customer relationships
33
and cause the loss of sales to existing or potential customers, late delivery penalties, delayed revenue or an increase in our costs which could adversely affect our gross margins. This could also result in increased levels of inventory subjecting us to increased risk of excess and obsolete charges that could have a negative impact on our operating results.
Any production interruptions, labor shortages or disruptions for any reason, including those noted above, as well as a natural disaster, epidemic, war, capacity shortages, adverse results from intellectual property litigation or quality problems, at one of our manufacturing partners would adversely affect sales of our product lines manufactured by that manufacturing partner and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
We base our inventory requirements on our forecasts of future sales. If these demand forecasts materially change from our initial projections, we may procure inventory that we may be unable to use in a timely manner or at all.
We and our contract manufacturers procure components and build our products based on our forecasts. These forecasts are based on estimates of future demand for our products, which are in turn based on historical trends and analysis from our sales and marketing organizations, adjusted for overall market conditions and other factors. In order to address supply chain shortages and extended lead times, we have entered, and may continue to enter, into significant purchase commitments with our contract manufacturers and suppliers, with issuance of non-cancellable purchase orders for such commitments. There is no guarantee that suppliers will meet their commitments or that actual customer demand will directly match our demand forecasts. If our forecasts materially change from our initial projections, customers' orders are cancelled or if we otherwise do not need such inventory, we may under- or over-procure inventory, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Interruptions or delays in shipments could cause our revenue for the applicable period to fall below expected levels.
We have been and could be subject to manufacturing disruptions and supply chain delays in the future. This places significant pressure on supply chain management, manufacturing, inventory and quality control management, shipping and trade compliance. Consequently, this has hindered and may continue to hinder our ability to forecast component supply, manufacturing capacity and timing of inventory receipts. A significant interruption in these critical functions has resulted and could continue to result in delayed order fulfillment or cancellation of orders, which may negatively impact our relationships with our customers, reduce future sales or