have become prohibitive.
Visibility is a critical component to a more efficient cloud-like network. Being able to capture what a network is ‘thinking’ or ‘doing’ is the basis for true network automation and analytics. Legacy networking has long suffered from limitations in network visibility largely due to inefficient polling mechanisms that only provide a limited subset of data. As a result, the operators of legacy networks have been essentially blinded when it comes to true network insight.
Our Data-Driven Cloud Networking Solutions
3
Table of Contents
The core of our cloud networking platform is our data-driven operating system, EOS, which runs on top of standard Linux and offers programmability at all layers of the stack. System state and data are stored in EOS and maintained in a highly efficient, centralized system database where data is accessed via an automated publish/subscribe model. This distinct design principle provides module independence, self-healing resiliency, and multi-process software stability. EOS is packaged as a perpetual license on Arista hardware platforms, virtualized EOS (vEOS) and CloudEOS for production or simulations use cases with flexible platform support including third-party hardware.
Our cloud networking innovations started with pioneering Arista EOS, which provides switching, routing, state-streaming and telemetry functions across all Arista platforms. EOS established a new standard in networking for large-scale cloud operators, opened the door to the widespread adoption of merchant silicon hardware in networks, and provided dramatic decreases in deployment and operating costs while delivering high reliability for cloud customers, service providers, enterprises, and more.
The Arista EOS network stack architecture provides a foundation for consolidation of streamed device state, telemetry, packet, flow, alert, sensor and third-party data into an aggregated Network Data Lake (Arista NetDL™). Arista NetDL consolidates diverse datasets required for effectively applying AI/Machine Learning (ML) methods by Arista AVA for Network Operations (NetOps) and Security Operations (SecOps) use cases. NetDL also presents a single application programming interface ("API") surface for access to network and network-related data for enhancing Arista and third-party applications.
An overview of our cloud networking solutions is shown below:
The key benefits of our cloud networking solutions are as follows:
Capacity, Performance and Scale
Our data-driven cloud networking platforms enable data center networks to scale to hundreds of thousands of physical servers and millions of virtual machines with the least number of switching tiers. We achieve this by leveraging standard protocols, non-blocking switch architectures and EOS to meet the scale requirements of cloud computing. We architect active-active Layer 2 and Layer 3 network topologies to enable customers to build extremely large and resilient networks.
Emerging capabilities