California to construct a building for office, lab and data center space. The estimated capital expenditures related to this project is expected to be approximately $
235.0
million to $
260.0
million through December 31, 2026 at which time construction is expected to be completed.
Guarantees
We have entered into agreements with some of our direct customers and channel partners that contain indemnification provisions relating to potential situations where claims could be alleged that our products infringe the intellectual property rights of a third-party. We have, at our option and expense, the ability to repair any infringement, replace product with a non-infringing equivalent-in-function product or refund our customers all or a portion of the value of the product. Other guarantees or indemnification agreements include guarantees of product and service performance and standby letters of credit for leased facilities and corporate credit cards. We have not recorded a liability related to these indemnification and guarantee provisions, and our guarantee and indemnification arrangements have not had any material impact on our consolidated financial statements to date.
Legal Proceedings
WSOU Investments, LLC
On November 25, 2020, WSOU Investments LLC ("WSOU") filed a lawsuit against us in the Western District of Texas asserting that certain of our products infringe
three
WSOU patents. WSOU's allegations are directed to certain features of our wireless and switching products. WSOU seeks remedies including monetary damages, attorney's fees and costs. On February 4, 2021, we filed an answer denying WSOU's allegations. On November 5, 2021, the case was transferred to the Northern District of California.  On March 30, 2022, WSOU dismissed
one
of the patents with prejudice, removing Arista wireless products from those accused of infringement. On July 1, 2022, the court stayed the case pending the resolution of an
inter partes
review of
one
of the patents-in-suit. On May 30, 2023, the US Patent Trial and Appeal Board (“PTAB”) ruled all challenged claims in the
inter partes
review unpatentable. The district court case remains
stayed pending appeal and/or final
resolution of the PTAB ruling.
We intend to vigorously defend against the claims brought against us by WSOU; however, we cannot be certain that any of WSOU's claims will be resolved in our favor, regardless of the merits of those claims. Any adverse litigation ruling could result in a significant damages award against us and injunctive relief.
With respect to the legal proceedings described above, it is our belief that while a loss is not probable, it may be reasonably possible. Further, at this stage in the litigation, any possible loss or range of loss cannot be estimated; however, the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. Therefore, if this legal matter were resolved against us in a reporting period for a material amount, our consolidated financial statements for that reporting period could