manufacturing and supply chain management operations to third-party contract manufacturers, who procure components and assemble products on our behalf. A significant portion of purchase orders to our contract manufacturers for finished products consist of non-cancellable purchase commitments. In addition, we purchase strategic component inventory from certain suppliers under non-cancellable purchase commitments, including integrated circuits, which are consigned to our contract manufacturers
. As of March 31, 2025, we had non-cancellable purchase commitments not recorded on our balance sheet of $
3.5
billion, of which $
3.0
billion have expected receipt dates within 12 months, and $
0.5
billion have expected receipt dates greater than 12 months. These open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, and while we may have some limited ability to reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services, this can only occur with the agreement of the related supplier.
We also had deposits to our contract manufacturers to secure our purchase commitments in the amount of $
80.1
million and $
95.8
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, which were recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets, as well as other assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets.
Property project
During the year ended December 31, 2021, we purchased land and the improvements thereon in Santa Clara, California to construct a building for office, lab and data center space. The estimated remaining capital expenditures related to this project are expected to be approximately $
215.0
million to $
240.0
million for the next
two years
, with construction expected to be completed by the end of fiscal 2026.
Guarantees
We have entered into agreements with some of our direct customers and channel partners that contain indemnification provisions relating to potential situations where claims could be alleged that our products infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party. We have, at our option and expense, the ability to repair any infringement, replace product with a non-infringing equivalent-in-function product or refund our customers all or a portion of the value of the product. Other guarantees or indemnification agreements include guarantees of product and service performance and standby letters of credit for leased facilities and corporate credit cards. We have not recorded a liability related to these indemnification and guarantee provisions and our guarantee and indemnification arrangements have not had a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements to date.
Legal Proceedings
WSOU Investments, LLC
On November 25, 2020, WSOU Investments LLC ("WSOU") filed a lawsuit against us in the Western District of Texas asserting that certain of our products infringe
three
WSOU patents. WSOU's allegations are directed to certain