our performance and success. We are committed to paying our employees fairly and equitably and regularly and work with a third party to identify and resolve any gaps. Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain, and reward performance and align incentives with the achievement of Arista’s strategic plan and both short- and long-term operating objectives. Our compensation committee provides an oversight of our compensation policies, plans, benefit programs and overall compensation philosophy.
Along with our traditional healthcare benefits, Arista offers a broad variety of physical and mental wellness offerings to our global employees in a virtual as well as on-demand format, including fitness classes, webinars on practical wellness takeaways, strategies for stress reduction, financial planning and education, career development and social activities.  We also
12
Table of Contents
host periodic wellness weeks, whose purpose is to raise awareness on health issues, increase education on preventive medicine and available services and shift employee behavior through interactive activities and live presentations. We proudly support an active community employee engagement program, which provides opportunities for our employees to engage in volunteering and community service in support of the communities they live, work, and thrive in.  We employ a hybrid work model for designated roles, giving our employees the flexibility to work offsite or onsite and regularly survey our employees to gain valuable feedback and suggestions on improvements to our culture and strategy. Arista was recognized in 2024 by Most Loved Workplace as a Most Loved Workplace for Wellness and Volunteering.
Employee Training,  Development and Upskilling
Our employees receive regular periodic training on numerous subjects, including our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, information security, data privacy, intellectual property, insider trading, and anticorruption. In addition, Arista provides extensive training and accreditation opportunities to employees in Sales, Customer Engineering and Software Research and Development roles including our Arista Certified Engineering ("ACE") certification program as well as mentorship programs sponsored by our Women@Arista employee resource group.  Additional career development content including management and AI training is available through our E-Learning portal to facilitate a culture of lifelong learning and allow employees to personalize their development. Our Technical employees can further upskill through our internal Arista PREP Training Program, technical summits, and participation in industry conferences or associations.
Available Information
Our website is located at www.arista.com and our investor relations website is located at investors.arista.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a)