policies, and an incident response policy and plan for responding to cybersecurity incidents, among others;
•
risk assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, products, services, and our broader enterprise IT environment;
•
a security team principally responsible for managing (1) our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, (2) our security controls, and (3) our response to cybersecurity incidents;
•
the use of internal audit teams and external service providers, where appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of our security controls;
•
cybersecurity awareness, data protection, and privacy training of our employees, incident response personnel, and senior management; and
•
a
vetting and management process for third party service providers
, suppliers, and vendors
Through this program, our IT/IS team identifies and executes improvements based upon its own assessments, public cybersecurity events and the identification of new risks by
third parties
, including our external cybersecurity consultants. As part of these continuous improvement efforts, there may be times when the IT/IS team prioritizes certain cybersecurity fixes or program improvements over other measures, which could lead to new known or unknown risks being identified on an ongoing basis. Cybersecurity threat actors are often highly sophisticated and nimble in their attacks. Despite these efforts, we cannot guarantee that our priorities and efforts will prevent any cybersecurity incident from happening.
We also engage in periodic testing programs, using both internal assets and external consultants, including penetration testing, and incorporate multiple layers of physical, logical and written controls into our cybersecurity risk management program. Our IT/IS team leverages centralized identity management, encryption configurations and technologies on the systems, devices, and third-party connections used in our operations.
We also maintain cyber liability insurance coverage. While we currently hold such coverage, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any future claim will not be excluded or otherwise be denied coverage by any insurer.
As of the date of this report, we have not identified any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that we believe have, or are likely to, materially affect us, our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.
For additional information concerning risks from cybersecurity threats, please refer to Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” in this annual report on Form 10-K, including the risk factors in the category entitled, “Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy”.
Cybersecurity Governance
Our Board considers cybersecurity risk as part of