cause our business to suffer;
•
earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, health epidemics and other catastrophic events could harm our business;
•
we have not paid dividends in the past and do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.
15
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
We expect large purchases by a limited number of customers to continue to represent a substantial p
ortion of our revenue, and any loss, delay, decline or other change in expected purchases could result in material quarter-to-quarter fluctuations of our revenue or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations.
Historically, large purchases by a relatively limited number of customers have accounted for a significant portion of our revenue. We have experienced unpredictability in t
he timing of orders from these large customers primarily due to the time it takes these customers to evaluate, test, qualify and accept our products, the overall complexity of these large orders and changes in demand patterns specific to these customers, including reductions in or changes in mix of capital expenditures by these customers and the impact of cost reduction and other efficiency efforts by these customers.
For example, sales to our end customer Microsoft represented 20%, 18% and 16% of our total revenue for the years ended 2024, 2023 and 2022 respectively. And sales to our end customer Meta Platforms represented 15%, 21% and 26% of our total revenue, respectively for the years ended 2024, 2023 and 2022.
This variability in customer concentration has been linked to the timing of new product deployments, and spending cycles with these customers,
and we expect continued variability in our customer concentration and timing of sales on a quarterly and annual basis. In addition
, we typically provide pricing discounts to large
customers, which reduces gross margins for the period in which such sales occur.
As a consequence of the concentrated nature of our customer base and their purchasing behavior, our quarterly revenue and results of operations have fluctuated from quarter to quarter and are difficult to estimate and we expect the fluctuations to continue. Changes in the business requirements or focus, upgrade cycles, vendor selection, project prioritization, manner in which spending allocations are assigned among multiple vendors based upon specific network roles or projects, financial prospects, lack of growth of our large customers, capital resources and expenditures or purchasing behavior and deceleration in spending of these customers could significantly decrease our sale
s to such customers or could lead to delays, reductions or cancellations of planned purchases of our products or services.
I
n addition,
an increased focus on the deployment of AI enabled solutions by these customers has accelerated the need for advanced technology offerings including some offerings from potential new market entrants. This
prioritization of AI related infrastructure