Security Steering Committee meet throughout the year to monitor and assess information security risks. In addition, we perform an enterprise risk assessment that is reviewed by the Committee and our Board of Directors on an annual basis and monitored on a quarterly basis by the Committee. The enterprise risk assessment is an assessment of key risks, including information security risks, data privacy, supply chain, human capital, and other risks.
Item 2. Properties
Our corporate headquarters are located in Santa Clara, California where we
lease approximately 180,000 square feet of space under a lease agreement that expires in September 2026. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we purchased land and the improvements thereon in Santa Clara, California to construct a building for office, lab and data center space
. In addition, we lease office spaces for data centers, operations, sales personnel and research and development in locations throughout the U.S. and various international locations, including Ireland, Canada, India, and Australia. We also lease data centers in the U.S., Ireland and Australia. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our current needs and are being utilized by our business.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
The information set forth under the “Legal Proceedings” in Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
52
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information
Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol “ANET”.  As of February 12, 2025, there were 44 holders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders.
Dividend Policy
We have never declared nor paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Stock Performance Graph
The following shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing.
The following graph compares the cumulative total return of our common stock with the total return for the NYSE Composite Index and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index (the “S&P 500”) from December 31, 2019 (the last trading day of the year) to December 31, 2024.
The graph assumes $1
00 was invested at the market close on
December 31, 2019
in the Company’s common stock and in each of the aforementioned indices with the re-investment of dividends, if any. The stock price