refer to Note 8. Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our principal sources of liquidity are cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations. As of December 31, 2024, our total balance of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities was $8.3 billion, of which approximately $1.4 billion was held outside the U.S. in our foreign subsidiaries.
Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are held for general business purposes, including the funding of working capital. Our marketable securities investment portfolio is primarily invested in highly-rated securities, with the primary objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. We plan to continue to invest for long-term growth. We believe that our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, the timing and cost of establishing additional sales and marketing capabilities, the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings, our costs associated with supply chain activities, including access to outsourced manufacturing, our costs related to investing in or acquiring complementary or strategic businesses and technologies, the continued market acceptance of our products, stock repurchases, and capital expenditures, including the construction of a new building in Santa Clara, California. In addition, although the global supply chain has shown improvement, we have had to invest in inventory to address forecast uncertainty and expect that our inventory and purchase commitments will remain volatile as we ramp new product introductions. In particular, we have increased our purchase commitments to respond to the rapid deployment of AI networks and reduce overall lead times which will increase our working capital requirements. If we require or elect to seek additional capital through debt or equity financing in the future, we may not be able to raise capital on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are required and unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected.
Cash Flows
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Our operating activities consist of net income, adjusted for certain non-cash items, and changes in operating assets and liabilities.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, cash provided by operating activities was $3.7 billion, primarily from net income of $2.9 billion along with a net decrease in working capital requirements of $985.2 million, offset by net non-cash