performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.
53
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
Information about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is provided in Note 6. Stockholders' Equity and Stock-Based Compensation of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities
There were no sales of unregistered securities during fiscal year 2024.
Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities
Under our equity incentive plans, certain participants may exercise options prior to vesting, subject to a right of repurchase by us. During the fourth quarter of 2024, there were no repurchases of unvested shares of our common stock made pursuant to our equity incentive plans as a result of us exercising our rights nor pursuant to any publicly-announced plan or program.
Stock Repurchase Program
From time to time, we repurchase shares of our common stock pursuant to the Repurchase Programs (as defined below) that are funded from working capital.  In April 2024, we completed repurchases under our previous $1.0 billion stock repurchase program (the “Prior Repurchase Program”).  In May 2024, our board of directors authorized and announced a new $1.2 billion stock repurchase program (the “New Repurchase Program” and together with the Prior Repurchase Program, the "Repurchase Programs"), which expires in May 2027. The Repurchase Programs do not obligate us to acquire any of our common stock, and may be suspended or discontinued by the company at any time without prior notice. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we repurchased a total of $279.0 million of our common stock under our New Repurchase Program and $144.6 million of our common stock under our Prior Repurchase Program. As of December 31, 2024, the remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under the New Repurchase Program was approximately $921.0 million. Our repurchases for the three months ended December 31, 2024 are disclosed as below (in thousands, except per share amounts). For our repurchase activities made for the year ended December 31, 2024, please refer to Note 6. Stockholders' Equity and Stock-Based Compensation of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(1) November results have been adjusted to reflect the four-for-one stock split effected in December, 2024. See Note 1,Organization and Summary of Accounting Policies, included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details.
54
Item 6. [Reserved]
55
Item 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes that are included