our suppliers who may utilize facilities or equipment described in these controls.
It also is possible that the Chinese government will retaliate in ways that could impact our business. For example, China has announced controls on both the use of Micron products and export license requirements on certain materials used, among other things, in the production of semiconductors, optical components, and other electronic devices including germanium and gallium. China also has announced a new export control regime. Additionally, these restrictions could disrupt the ability of China to produce semiconductors and other electronics and impact our ability to source components from China. China has also announced plans to implement retaliatory countermeasures in response to the additional 10% tariffs imposed by the United States in February 2025, including new tariffs on certain U.S. origin goods, and has implemented export controls on various critical metal materials. These restrictions could impact the cost of components or inputs used to produce our products.
41
Should the relationship between China and Taiwan deteriorate, it is possible that the U.S. government could impose new controls on China, specific parties, or specific kinds of transactions in the region that could impact our business including our ability to source components from China and sell to certain of our customers. These restrictions could impact the cost of components or inputs used to produce our products. Additionally, these controls or any additional restrictions may impact our ability to export certain products to China and/or prohibit us from selling our products to certain of our customers.
We cannot predict what actions may ultimately be taken with respect to trade relations between the United States and China or other countries, what products may be subject to such actions or what actions may be taken by the other countries in retaliation. If we are unable to obtain or use components for inclusion in our products, if component prices increase significantly or if we are unable to export or sell our products to any of our customers, our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.
As well, due to concerns with products and services from certain semiconductor, telecommunications and video providers based in China, U.S. Congress has enacted bans on the use of certain Chinese-origin components or systems either in items sold to the U.S. government or, in some cases, in the internal networks of government contractors and subcontractors (even if those networks are not used for government-related projects). Further, the Chinese government has responded to these U.S. actions by indicating its intention to develop an unreliable entity list, which may limit the ability of companies on the list to engage in business with Chinese customers.
If tariffs, trade restrictions, or trade barriers remain in place or if new