disaster, such as an earthquake, tsunami, fire or a flood, or other catastrophic event such as the COVID-19 pandemic or other disease outbreak, could have a material adverse effect on our or their business, which could in turn materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  These events could result in manufacturing and supply chain disruptions, shipment delays, order cancellations, and sales delays which could result in missed financial targets.  Any health epidemic could have a material adverse effect on our ability to obtain components for our products that are supplied from Asia or to manufacture our products in Asia. Any such disruption of our suppliers, our contract manufacturers or our service providers would likely impact our sales and operating results. In addition, a health epidemic could adversely affect the economies of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that could affect demand for our products
49
and likely impact our operating results.  In addition, acts of terrorism and war could cause disruptions in our business or the business of our manufacturers, logistics providers, partners or customers or the economy as a whole. Given our typical concentration of sales at each quarter end, any disruption in the business of our manufacturers, logistics providers, partners or customers that affects sales at the end of our quarter could have a particularly significant adverse effect on our quarterly results.
We have not paid dividends in the past and do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.
We have never declared nor paid any dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the future. As a result, you may only receive a return on your investment in our common stock if the market price of our common stock increases.
50
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
Not applicable.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
We have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our critical systems and information. In addition, our Legal and Information Technology (IT)/Information Security (IS) teams work together to oversee our compliance with applicable laws and regulations and coordinate with subject matter experts throughout our business to identify, monitor and mitigate risk including information security risk management and cyber defense programs.
Our cybersecurity risk management program is aligned with our overall enterprise risk management programs and shares common methodologies, reporting channels and governance processes that apply across the enterprise risk management programs to other legal, compliance, strategic, operational, and financial risk areas.
Our cybersecurity risk management program includes:
•
an information security management systems policy, including a business continuity policy, acceptable use and physical security