Revenue and Gross Margin (in thousands, except percentages)
Revenue by Geography (in thousands, except percentages)
Revenue
Product revenue primarily consists of sales of our switching and routing products, and related network applications. Service revenue is primarily derived from sales of PCS contracts, which are typically purchased in conjunction with our products, and subsequent renewals of those contracts. We expect our revenue may vary from period to period based on, among other things, the timing, size, and complexity of orders, especially with respect to our large customers.
Product revenue increased by $854.5 million, or 17.0%, for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023.  This
increase reflects healthy customer demand and higher shipments of our switching and routing platforms, with strong contributions across our customer base
. In addition, service revenue increased by $288.5 million, or 34.7%, for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023, as a result of continued growth in initial and renewal support contracts as our customer installed base has continued to expand. International revenu
es as a percentage of our total revenues
decreased fro
m
20.6%
in
2023 to 18.2% in 2024, which was primarily driven by changes in the geographic mix of sales to our large global customers.
Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin
Cost of product revenue primarily consists of amounts paid for inventory to our third-party contract manufacturers and merchant silicon vendors, overhead costs of our manufacturing operations, including freight, and other costs associated with manufacturing our products and managing our inventory and supply chain. Cost of service revenue primarily consists of
58
personnel and other costs associated with our global customer support and services organizations.
Cost of revenue increased by $282.0 million, or 12.6% for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023. These increases were driven by a corresponding increase in product and service revenues, partially offset by reductions of $180.4 million in net excess/obsolete inventory and supplier liability charges for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023.
Gross margin, or gross profit as a percentage of revenue, has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including pricing pressure on our products and services due to competition, the mix of sales to large customers who generally receive lower pricing, the mix of products sold, manufacturing-related costs, including costs associated with supply chain sourcing activities, merchant silicon costs, and excess/obsolete inventory and supplier liability charges. For example, in order to meet customer lead times, we have, and may continue to expedite the supply of components and make incremental investments in our supply chain to increase our capacity for manufacturing products, which increases our product costs and negatively impacts our gross margin. We expect our gross margin to