of goodwill and acquisition-related intangible assets, estimate of useful lives of long-lived assets including intangible assets, and the recognition and measurement of contingent liabilities. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions based on historical experience and other factors and adjust these estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Effective
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB")  issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740)-Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. The ASU requires that an entity disclose specific categories in the effective tax rate reconciliation as well as provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. Further, the ASU requires certain disclosures of state versus federal income tax expense and taxes paid. The amendments in this ASU are required to be adopted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted for annual financial statements that have not yet been issued. The amendments should be applied on a prospective basis although retrospective
6
Table of Contents
application is permitted. We will adopt the standard in our 2025 annual period and
are currently evaluating the impact that the updated standard will have on our financial statement disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses (Subtopic 220-40). The ASU requires the disaggregated disclosure of specific expense categories, including purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, and amortization, within relevant income statement captions. This ASU also requires disclosure of the total amount of selling expenses along with the definition of selling expenses. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. Adoption of this ASU can either be applied prospectively to consolidated financial statements issued for reporting periods after the effective date of this ASU or retrospectively to any or all prior periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. Early adoption is also permitted. This ASU will likely result in the required additional disclosures being included in our consolidated financial statements, once adopted. We are currently evaluating the impact of future adoption on our financial statement disclosures.
2.
Fair Value Measurements
Assets measured at fair values on a recurring basis
We measure and report our cash equivalents, restricted cash, and available-for-sale marketable securities at fair value on a recurring basis. We use a fair value hierarchy to measure fair value, maximizing the use of observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs. The two-tiers of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:
Level I
—Inputs are