be materially adversely affected.
Other matters
In the ordinary course of business, we are a party to other claims and legal proceedings including matters relating to commercial, employee relations, business practices and intellectual property.
We record a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. As of December 31, 2024, provisions recorded for contingent losses related to other claims and matters have not been significant. Based on currently-available information, management does not believe that any additional liabilities relating to other unresolved matters are probable or that the amount of any resulting loss is estimable, and believes these other matters are not likely, individually and in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows; however, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and our view of these matters may change in the future. Were an unfavorable outcome to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows for the period in which the unfavorable outcome occurs, and potentially in future periods.
6.
Stockholders' Equity and Stock-Based Compensation
Stock Repurchase Program
95
Table of Contents
In April 2024, we completed repurchases under our previous $
1.0
billion stock repurchase program (the “Prior Repurchase Program”).  In May 2024, our board of directors authorized a new $
1.2
billion stock repurchase program (the “New Repurchase Program” and together with the Prior Repurchase Program, the "Repurchase Programs"), which expires in May 2027. This authorization allows us to repurchase shares of our common stock that will be funded from working capital. Repurchases may be made at management's discretion from time to time on the open market, through privately negotiated transactions, transactions structured through investment banking institutions, block purchases, trading plans under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or a combination of the foregoing. The Repurchase Programs do not obligate us to acquire any of our common stock, and may be suspended or discontinued by the company at any time without prior notice. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we repurchased a total of $
279.0
million of our common stock under our New Repurchase Program and $
144.6
million of our common stock under our Prior Repurchase Program. As of December 31, 2024, the remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under the New Repurchase Program was approximately $
921.0
million.
A summary of the stock repurchase activities for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 is as follows, as adjusted to give effect to the Stock Split (in thousands, except per share amounts):
The aggregate purchase price of repurchased shares of our common stock