supply, and increases in the time required to manufacture our products may lead to prolonged inventory shortages, manufacturing disruptions and increased customer lead times for our products that could result in increased cancellation of orders or loss of future sales opportunities altogether as potential customers turn to competitors’ products that are readily available. In addition, in order to meet customer lead times, we have, and may continue to expedite the supply of components and make incremental investments in our supply chain to increase our capacity for manufacturing products, which increases our product costs.
In order to reduce manufacturing lead times and plan for adequate component supply, we have issued and expect to continue to issue purchase orders for components and products that are non-cancellable and non-returnable, including purchase commitments for semiconductors as disclosed in Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Our business is emerging from a period of unprecedented global supply chain disruptions.  Throughout this period, we made significant supply chain investments, including incremental purchase commitments for long lead time components in response to extended visibility to deployment plans from our customers. Although the global supply chain has shown improvement, we have had to invest in inventory to address forecast uncertainty and expect that
our inventory and purchase commitments will remain volatile as we ramp new product introductions. In particular, we have increased our purchase commitments to respond to the rapid deployment of AI networks and reduce overall lead times which will increase our working capital requirements. There is no guarantee that suppliers will meet their commit
ments or that actual customer demand will not be lower than our demand forecasts. As customer lead times improve more broadly, we have seen and expect to continue to see a commensurate reduction in visibility to customer demand and a gradual return to a somewhat shorter demand-planning horizon. Additionally, certain customers have and may continue to engage in cost reduction measures including reductions in capital expenditures and other efficiency efforts which may result in a cancellation of orders or reduce demand for our products. We establish a liability for non-cancellable, non-returnable purchase commitments with our component inventory suppliers for quantities in excess of our demand forecasts, or for products that are considered obsolete. In addition, we establish a liability and reimburse our contract manufacturer for component inventory purchased on our behalf that has been rendered excess or obsolete due to manufacturing and engineering change orders, or in cases where inventory levels greatly exceed our demand forecasts. The magnitude of these balances, combined with a reduction in customer demand-