amend these regulations. The U.S. government also continues to expand the scope of restrictions on the development or production of advanced integrated circuits and certain semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and the restrictions on supercomputing, in China and other countries. Other foreign governments may in turn impose similar or more restrictive controls. These controls or any additional restrictions may impact our ability to export certain products to China or other countries, prohibit us from selling our products to certain of our customers, restrict our ability to use certain ICs in our products, or impact our suppliers who may utilize facilities or equipment described in these controls.
It also is possible that the Chinese government will retaliate to these export controls in ways that could impact our business. For example, China has announced controls on both the use of Micron products and export license requirements on certain materials used, among other things, in the production of semiconductors, optical components, and other electronic devices including germanium and gallium. China also has announced a new export control regime. Further, the Chinese government has responded to U.S. actions by adding U.S. entities to an unreliable entity list, which limits the ability of companies on the list to engage in business with Chinese customers. These restrictions could disrupt the ability of China to produce semiconductors and other electronics and impact our ability to source components from China and could impact the cost of components or inputs used to produce our products.
54
Table of Contents
Any deterioration in relations between Taiwan and China could lead to additional sanctions or export controls on China, on specific individuals or entities, or otherwise in the region which could impact our ability to sell to certain of our customers, source components from China, or otherwise negatively impact our business.
The United States may also continue to leverage the use of “secondary tariffs” and/or “secondary sanctions” to achieve certain foreign policy goals, or increase its enforcement of such tools, which may directly or indirectly affect our business (see also the “Escalating U.S. tax, tariff, import/export restrictions, and other trade or regulatory barriers, as well as countermeasures taken by affected countries, may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business” risk factor above). Even though we take precautions to ensure that we and our channel partners comply with all relevant regulations, any failure by us or our channel partners to comply with such regulations could have negative consequences, including reputational harm, government investigations and penalties. In addition, economic sanctions that are vague and not subject to guidance by regulators lead to heightened compliance risk.
Although we have developed procedures and controls to comply with export control and other