investment plans, resulting in business uncertainty and a more constrained approach to forecasts and orders. Continuing or worsening economic instability or the deterioration of the financial performance, condition or prospects of our customers could result in a cancellation of, or defaults in the payments for, such orders or otherwise adversely affect spending for IT, network infrastructure, systems and tools, and limit our ability to forecast future demand for our products, which could reduce expected revenue or result in a write-down of excess or obsolete inventory. A downturn or a recession may also significantly affect financing markets, the availability of capital and the terms and conditions of any financing arrangements, including the overall cost of financing as well as the financial health or creditworthiness of our customers. Circumstances may arise in which we need, or desire, to raise additional capital, and such capital may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
Some of the key components in our products come from sole or limited sour
ces of supply.
Our products rely on components, including merchant silicon chips, integrated circu
it components, printed circuit boards, connectors, optics, cables, custom-tooled sheet metal and power supplies that we purchase, or our contract manufacturers purchase on our behalf from a limited number of suppliers, including certain sole source providers. In particular, we are primarily reliant upon our predominant merchant silicon vendor, Broadcom, for our switching chips.
Our reliance on component suppliers also yields the potential for the infringement, misappropriation or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights due to the incorporation of such components into our products. We may not be indemnified by such component suppliers for such infringement, misappropriation or other violation claims. Any litigation for which we do not receive indemnification could require us to incur significant legal expenses in defending against such claims or require us to pay substantial royalty payments or settlement amounts that would not be reimbursed by our component suppliers.
29
Table of Contents
Our product development efforts are also dependent upon the success of our continued collaboration with our key merchant silicon vendors such as Broadcom. As we develop our product roadmap, we select specific merchant silicon from these vendors for each new product. It is critical that w
e work in tandem with these vendors to ensure that their silicon includes improved features, that our products take advantage of such improved features, and that such vendors are able to supply us with sufficient quantities on commercially reasonable term to meet customer demand. Reliance on these relationships allows us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies while leveraging their investments and expertise.  The merchant silicon vendors may not be