products, and we may find it necessary or desirable to make further changes to our handling of personal data of residents of the EEA, UK, or other regions. The regulatory environment applicable to the handling of personal data of EEA and UK residents, and our actions taken in response, may cause us to assume additional liabilities or incur additional costs and could result in our business, operating results and financial condition being harmed. Additionally, we and our customers may face a risk of enforcement actions by data protection authorities relating to personal data transfers to us and by us from the EEA, UK, or other regions. Any such enforcement actions could result in substantial costs and diversion of
52
Table of Contents
resources, distract management and technical personnel and negatively affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.
Several jurisdictions have passed new laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and other matters, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. These laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) became operative on January 1, 2020 and was amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) going into effect over time through July 1, 2023. Aspects of the CCPA/CPRA and its interpretation remain uncertain and are likely to remain uncertain for an extended period and may require us to incur additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply. In addition to the CCPA/CPRA, numerous other states have enacted or are considering similar laws that will require ongoing compliance efforts and investment. For example, Connecticut, Virginia, Colorado and Utah have enacted legislation similar to the CCPA and CPRA that took effect in 2023; Florida, Montana, Oregon, and Texas have enacted similar legislation that took effect in 2024; Delaware, Tennessee, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Nebraska, New Jersey and Tennessee have enacted similar legislation effective, or taking effect in 2025; and Indiana, Rhode Island and Kentucky have enacted similar legislation that will become effective in 2026.
Among other emerging laws relating to privacy and data protection globally, India has released its Digital Personal Data Protection Act 2023, India’s Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology has published Draft Digital Personal Data Protection Rules for public comment on January 3, 2025, addressing various matters under this law, but the full scope of the implementation remains uncertain. We maintain an employee and operational presence in India, and this act may require us to modify our policies and practices and incur increased costs in our efforts to comply.
In addition, some countries are considering or have enacted legislation requiring local storage and processing of data that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services.