and hardware engineers with extensive experience in wired and wireless networking technologies, network protocols, network security, operating systems, programming languages, compilers, databases, hardware system design, Field-Programmable Gate Array programming, high-speed signal integrity, and other related technologies.
Our research and development strategy focuses on advancing our core products and expanding into new markets while maintaining high product quality.  We are focusing research and development efforts in (1) adapting EOS for new and existing silicon architectures, especially to support the unique requirements of AI workloads; (2) adding or enhancing EOS control plane and management plane functionality; (3) expanding our CloudVision management stack with enhanced automation, provisioning, monitoring, and security capabilities; (4) building related services, such as NDR and Network Access Control (NAC); (5) improving the security and scalability of our software development infrastructure and software supply chain; and (6) maintaining high product quality throughout.  We have dedicated significant time and resources in test automation, ensuring high test pass rates, and working with our support group whenever customers experience technical defects in our products.  Collaboration with customers and other industry leaders is integral to our approach, though uncertainties persist regarding the successful development and market acceptance of emerging technologies. Looking ahead, we plan to continue to invest in resources to conduct our research and development efforts to evolve and extend our portfolio's capabilities, ensuring our products continue to address dynamic market needs and solidify our industry leadership.
Manufacturing
We subcontract the manufacturing of the majority of our products to various contract manufacturers. Our primary manufacturing partners are Jabil Inc., Sanmina Corporation, Flex Ltd. and Foxconn Hon Hai. These partners manufacture our products internationally in Malaysia, Vietnam, Mexico and other countries. We require all our manufacturing locations to be ISO-9001 certified. After manufacturing and testing, the products are shipped to direct fulfillment facilities in the United States, the Netherlands and Singapore for further transformation as needed and distribution. We have four direct fulfillment facilities worldwide to hold finished goods inventory and perform final product configuration and shipping to customers and partners. After distribution, our products are installed by the customers or by third-party service providers such as system integrators or value-added resellers on their behalf.
Our contract manufacturing partners procure components needed to build our products and assemble our products according to our design specifications. This allows us to leverage the purchasing power of our contract manufacturing partners. We retain complete control over the bill of materials, qualified component