is recorded as a reduction to retained earnings in our consolidated statements of stockholders' equity. All shares repurchased have been retired.
2014 Equity Incentive Plan
On April 16, 2024, our board of directors
adopted an amended and restated Arista Networks, Inc. 2014 Equity Plan ("Restated Plan"), effective April 17, 2024 ("Effective Date")
subject to the approval of our stockholders,
which wa
s approved at the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on June 7, 2024.
The Restated Plan provides for the grant of equity-based awards, including stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, and performance awards. The share pool available under the prior version of the Company's 2014 Equity Incentive Plan ("Prior Plan") was extinguished, and the Restated Plan provides for a new share pool not to exceed (i)
52,800,000
shares of our Common Stock (“Shares”), plus (ii) any Shares subject to awards under the Prior Plan that, on or after the Effective Date, expired or otherwise terminated without having been exercised in full, or that were forfeited to or repurchased by us, including net settlement of Shares subject to restricted stock units, with the maximum number of Shares to be added to the Restated Plan as a result of clause (ii) equal to
40,158,628
Shares. The Restated Plan’s terms are substantially similar to the Prior Plan’s terms, including with respect to treatment of equity awards in the event of a “change in control” as defined under the Restated Plan, but with certain modifications, including the elimination of the automatic “evergreen” share reserve increase provided for under the Prior Plan. As of December 31, 2024, there remained approximately
52.4
million shares available for grant under the Restated Plan, as adjusted to give effect to the Stock Split.
2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
In April 2014, the board of directors and stockholders approved the 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”). The ESPP became effective on the first day that our common stock was publicly traded. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the ESPP increases automatically on January 1 of each year by the number of shares equal to
1
% of our shares outstanding immediately preceding December 31, but not to exceed
40
million shares, unless the board of directors, in its discretion, determines to make a smaller increase. Effective January 1, 2024, our board of directors authorized an increase of
12.5
million shares, as adjusted to give effect to the Stock Split, for future issuance under the ESPP. As of December 31, 2024, there remained
104.9
million shares available for issuance under the ESPP.
Under our ESPP, eligible employees are permitted to acquire shares of our common stock at
85
% of the lower of the fair market value of our common stock on the first trading day of each offering period or on the exercise date. Each offering period lasts approximately
two years
starting on the first trading date after