(NPB) architected for pervasive, organization-wide visibility and security, delivering multi-tenant monitoring-as-a-service. Leveraging Arista's high-performance and versatile Ethernet switch platforms with DMF, IT operators can pervasively monitor all user, device/IoT and application traffic (north-south and east-west) by gaining complete visibility into physical, virtual and container environments. Deep hop-by-hop visibility, predictive analytics, contextual insights and scale-out packet capture, integrated through a single dashboard, enables simplified network performance monitoring ("NPM") and SecMon workflows for real-time and historical context across production data centers, enterprise campus/branch and 4G/5G mobile networks.
Arista Guardian Network Identity (AGNI)
- To overcome the new security challenges and the explosion of clients in today’s perimeter-less enterprise networks, Arista delivers a novel AI-driven network Identity service, Arista Guardian for Network Identity (AGNI) to connect the network, users, and devices across remote and geographically dispersed locations. Based on Arista’s flagship CloudVision, the new AGNI platform brings scale, simplicity, and security across users, their associated endpoints, and IoT devices. AGNI integrates with Arista NDR and other third-party XDR and EDR solutions for post-admission control functionality.
Arista's AI-driven Network Detection and Response (NDR)
- An AI-driven Security Platform, powered by AVA
TM
, Arista NDR analyzes billions of network communications to autonomously discover, profile and classify every device, user, and application across perimeter, core, IoT, and cloud networks. Based on this deep understanding of the attack surface, the platform then detects threats to and from these entities, while providing the context necessary to respond rapidly.
CloudEOS
™ - CloudEOS is Arista’s multi-cloud and cloud-native networking solution supporting autonomic operation to deliver an enterprise-class, highly secure, and reliable networking experience for any cloud. As part of the Arista EOS and CloudVision product family, it delivers consistent segmentation, automation, telemetry, provisioning and troubleshooting for the enterprise edge, WAN, campus, data center and multiple public and private clouds. To provide a scalable and automated network experience, CloudEOS integrates with Arista CloudVision to simplify the operator's experience of interconnecting and managing multi-cloud, cloud-native and on-premises enterprise networks.
CloudEOS is designed for consumption on Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, and Google public clouds via their marketplace and service catalogs.
Sales and Marketing
We market and sell our products through our direct sales force and in partnership with our channel partners, including distributors, value-added resellers, systems integrators and original equipment manufacturer ("OEM") partners. We also sell in conjunction with various technology partners. To