taxation of earnings outside of the U.S. may have adverse effects on our operating results and could
51
Table of Contents
impact the tax treatment of our earnings and cash and cash equivalent balances we currently maintain. Furthermore, due to shifting economic and political conditions, tax policies and rates in various jurisdictions, may be subject to significant change. The government administration may pass tax reform, which may include laws to address certain provisions of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act expiring at the end of 2025. It is uncertain what proposals to reform U.S. tax laws might pass and whether such laws could increase or decrease the U.S. corporate tax rate or otherwise U.S. taxation of non-U.S. earnings. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”), comprising 38 international member countries, has introduced a global minimum tax initiative (“Pillar Two”), which has been adopted by members of the European Union ("EU"), among other jurisdictions. While the U.S. has not yet adopted Pillar Two, other OECD countries outside or the EU are actively considering changes to existing tax laws or have proposed new laws to align with the recommendations and guidelines proposed by the OECD, including Pillar Two. Enactment of such tax laws could increase our tax obligations in countries where we do business or cause us to change the way we operate our business. We have assessed the impacts of these new laws on countries that we operate in and do not currently anticipate any material impacts on our effective tax rate. However, we cannot provide any assurance that there will not be a material impact to our effective tax rate in the future because of these developments or other proposed tax law changes.
Finally, we are subject to examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") and other tax authorities. Audits by the IRS or other tax authorities are subject to inherent uncertainties and could result in unfavorable outcomes, including potential fines or penalties. As we operate in numerous taxing jurisdictions, the application of tax laws can be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax authorities of these jurisdictions. The expense of defending and resolving such audits may be significant. The amount of time to resolve an audit is also unpredictable and may divert management’s attention from our business operations. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from tax examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. We cannot assure you that fluctuations in our provision for income taxes or our effective tax rate, the enactment of new tax laws or changes in the application or interpretation of existing tax laws or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our tax returns by tax authorities will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Failure to comply