agencies. We continue to diversify the types of enterprise customers we sell to and have continued to expand our presence across a wide spectrum of industries including media and entertainment, healthcare, oil and gas, education, manufacturing, industrial, and more. Meta Platforms and Microsoft, two of our Cloud and AI Titan end customers, each accounted for more than 10% of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023.
Market Drivers
Digital Transformation
Digital transformation is fundamentally changing the way technology is integrated into business operations and as a result how IT infrastructure is built, and applications are delivered across cloud and end-customer environments. The expanded dependency of business operations on the network has increased the complexity of the network and heightened the importance of network availability, predictable performance, open programmability, security, and operational simplicity.
Public cloud leaders pioneered the development of large-scale cloud data centers to meet these growing demands from their users, including business customers. Enterprises now have the option to move applications to the cloud as cloud services are generally easier and more cost effective to deploy, scale and operate than traditional applications. These cloud metrics have become the baseline for performance, cost and efficiency of IT infrastructure investments. Enterprises and service providers around the world are also now adopting cloud computing technologies and principles to their own non-cloud or hybrid operations in order to achieve similar performance, operational efficiencies and cost reductions.
Arista addresses our customers' requirements through our approach to network architecture, our platforms and our software. Our comprehensive R-series, X-series and Etherlink switching and routing portfolios running the highly programmable EOS, transform networks with simplified and scalable architectures across multiple use-cases.
1
Table of Contents
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
The expansion of generative AI computing and distributed applications is further pushing the boundary of predictable scale and performance in the network. A common characteristic of these AI workloads is that they are both data and compute intensive. A typical AI workload involves large sparse matrix computations, distributed across hundreds or thousands of processors (CPU, GPU, TPU, etc.) with intense computations for a period of time and requires a high-bandwidth, scalable, lossless network in order to service these workloads. With the exponential growth of AI applications, the need for standardized transport like Ethernet becomes paramount, enabling a power-efficient interconnect while overcoming the complexities of traditional approaches.
Arista's AI strategy is based on achieving two key objectives. Arista provides network switching products intended to provide a robust interconnect that seamlessly links GPUs,