and exchange rate fluctuations have not been material to our financial statements. While we have not engaged in the hedging of our foreign currency transactions to date and do not enter into any hedging contracts for trading or speculative purposes, we may in the future hedge selected significant transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.
Interest Rate Sensitivity
As of December 31, 2024, and 2023, we had cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale marketable securities totaling $8.3 billion and $5.0 billion, respectively. Cash equivalents and marketable securities were invested primarily in money market funds, corporate bonds, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, U.S. treasury securities and commercial paper. Our primary investment objectives are to preserve capital and maintain liquidity requirements.  In addition, our policy limits the amount of credit exposure to any single issuer. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of the interest rates in the U.S. A decline in interest rates would reduce our interest income on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Conversely, an increase in interest rates could have a material impact to the fair market value of our investments in fixed income securities. We would incur unrealized losses on fixed income securities if there is an increase in interest rates compared to interest rates at the time of purchase. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would have resulted in a decrease approximately $70.0 million and $39.0 million in the market value of our available-for-sale debt securities and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. In the unlikely event we are forced to sell our marketable securities prior to maturity, we may incur realized losses in such investments. However, because of the conservative and short-term nature of the investments in our portfolio, a change in interest rates is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
Strategic Equity Investments
Our non-marketable equity investments in privately-held companies are recorded in “other assets” in our consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the total carrying amount of our investments in privately-held companies was $81.3 million
and $62.3 million, respectively. See Note 2. Fair Value Measurements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details.
The privately-held companies in which we invested are in the startup or development stages. These investments are inherently risky because the markets for the technologies or products these companies are developing are typically in the early