evaluate our estimates and assumptions based on historical experience and other factors and adjust these estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates.
Concentrations of Business and Credit Risk
We work closely with third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture our products. As of December 31, 2024, we had
four
primary contract manufacturing partners, who provided the vast majority of our electronic manufacturing services. Our contract manufacturing partners deliver our products to our third-party direct fulfillment facilities. We and our fulfillment partners then perform labeling, final configuration, quality assurance testing and shipment to our customers. Our products rely on key components, including certain integrated circuit components and power supplies, some of which our contract manufacturing partners purchase on our behalf from a limited number of suppliers, including certain sole-source providers. We generally do not have guaranteed supply contracts with our component suppliers, and our manufacturing partners could delay shipments or cease manufacturing such products or selling them to us at any time. If we are unable to obtain a sufficient quantity of these components on commercially reasonable terms or in a timely manner, or if we are unable to obtain alternative sources for these components, sales of our products could be delayed or halted entirely, or we may be required to redesign our products. Quality or performance failures of our products or changes in our contractors’ or vendors’ financial or business condition could disrupt our ability to supply quality products to our customers. Any of these events could result in lost sales and damage to our end-customer relationships, which would adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and accounts receivable. Our cash equivalents and marketable securities are invested in high
79
Table of Contents
quality financial instruments with banks and financial institutions. Such deposits may be in excess of insured limits provided on such deposits.
Our accounts receivable are unsecured and represent amounts due to us based on contractual obligations of our customers. We mitigate credit risk with respect to accounts receivable by performing ongoing credit evaluations of our customers to assess the probability of collection based on a number of factors, including past transaction experience with the customer, evaluation of their credit history, the credit limits extended, review of the invoicing terms of the arrangement, and current economic conditions that may affect a customer’s ability to pay. In situations where a customer may be thinly capitalized and we have limited payment history with it, we will either establish a small