related network applications, and there are no segment managers who are held accountable for operations or operating results below the Company level. Our chief operating decision maker is our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board, who reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. Accordingly, we have determined that we operate as
one
reportable segment.
Stock-Based Compensation
Stock-based compensation cost for equity awards is measured at the grant-date fair value using appropriate valuation techniques and recognized as expense over the requisite service or performance period. We account for forfeitures when they occur.
Stock-based compensation costs for stock options and restricted stock units ("RSUs") are recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally
two
to
five years
. The Company has granted RSUs that vest upon the satisfaction of both service-based and performance-based conditions ("PRSUs"). The service-based condition for these awards is generally satisfied over
one
to
four years
. The performance-based conditions are satisfied upon achieving specified performance targets, such as financial or operating metrics. We record stock-based compensation expense for performance-based equity awards on an accelerated attribution method over the requisite service period, and only if performance-based conditions are considered probable to be satisfied.
See Note 6. Stockholders' Equity and Stock-Based Compensation for a detailed discussion of the Company’s stock plans, assumptions to the valuation techniques, and stock-based compensation expense.
85
Table of Contents
Income Taxes
Income tax expense is an estimate of current income taxes payable in the current fiscal year based on reported income before income taxes. Deferred income taxes reflect the effect of temporary differences and carryforwards that we recognize for financial reporting and income tax purposes.
We account for income taxes under the liability approach for deferred income taxes, which requires recognition of deferred income tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements, but have not been reflected in our taxable income. Estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of certain tax liabilities and in the determination of the recoverability of certain deferred income tax assets, which arise from temporary differences and carryforwards. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. We regularly assess the likelihood that our deferred income tax assets will be realized based on the positive and negative evidence available. We record a valuation allowance to reduce