legacy network architectures.
Broad and Differentiated Portfolio
Using multiple merchant silicon architectures, we deliver switches, capable of routing, with industry-leading capacity, low latency, port density and power efficiency, and have innovated in areas such as deep packet buffers, highly available modular hardware, and reversible cooling options. Our broad portfolio has allowed us to offer customers products that best match their specific requirements.
Single Binary Image Software
The single binary image of EOS software allows us to maintain feature consistency across our entire product portfolio and enables us to introduce new software innovations into the market that become available to our entire installed base without a “forklift upgrade” (i.e., a broad upgrade of the data center infrastructure).
Rapid Development of New Features and Applications
Our highly modular EOS software has allowed us to rapidly deliver new features and applications while preserving the structural integrity and quality of our network operating system. We believe our ability to deliver new features and capabilities more quickly than legacy switch/router operators provides us with a strategic advantage given that the requirements in cloud and next-generation data center and campus networking continue to evolve rapidly.
Deep Understanding of Customer Requirements
We have developed close working partnerships with many of our largest customers that provide us with insights into their needs and future requirements. This has allowed us to develop and deliver products to the market that meet customer demands and expectations as well as to rapidly grow sales to existing customers.
Strong Management and Engineering Team with Significant Data Center Networking Expertise
Our management and engineering team consists of networking veterans with extensive data center and campus networking expertise. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson, Jayshree Ullal, has over 40 years of networking expertise from silicon to systems companies, and Kenneth Duda, our Founder, Chief Technology Officer and Director, leads our software development team including EOS. Our technical team also includes highly experienced leaders such as Hugh Holbrook, our Chief Development Officer, who leads our platform driven software engineering, and Andy Bechtolsheim, our Founder and Chief Architect, who was previously a founder and chief system architect at Sun Microsystems.
Significant Technology Lead
We believe that our networking technology represents a fundamental advance in networking software. Our EOS software is a key cloud networking software stack that is state-driven and a result of tremendous research and development efforts.
Our Products and Services
Our portfolio of products and services are grouped into the following three categories:
Core Data center/Cloud/AI
Arista offers one of the broadest product portfolios of data-driven, high-speed, cloud and data center Ethernet switches. Built on