large customers primarily due to the time it takes these customers to evaluate, test, qualify and accept our newer products, the overall complexity of these large orders and changes in demand patterns specific to these customers,
including reductions in or changes in mix of capital expenditures by these customers and the impact of cost reduction and other efficiency efforts by these customers.
For example, sales to our end customer Microsoft represented 20%, 18% and 16% of our total revenue for the years ended 2024, 2023 and 2022 respectively. And sales to our end customer Meta Platforms represented 15%, 21% and 26% of our total revenue, respectively for the years ended 2024, 2023 and 2022. This variability in customer concentration has been linked to the timing of new product deployments and spending cycles with these customers, and we expect continued variability in our customer concentration and timing of sales on a quarterly and annual basis. In addition, we typically provide pricing discounts to large customers, which reduces gross margins for the period in which such sales occur.
We believe an increased focus on the deployment of AI enabled solutions by our large customers has accelerated the need for advanced technology offerings including some offerings from potential new market entrants.  This prioritization and acceleration of AI related infrastructure investment has at times come in conjunction with a reduction or changes in the mix of previously planned purchases and various cost reduction measures by these customers, including optimization and increased efficiency in non-AI related capital expenditures. In addition, although the focus on deployment of AI enabled solutions has driven increased demand for networking, the long-term trajectory is unknown. As such, demand estimates for our new products are difficult to forecast and can create volatility in our revenue. In some instances, such measures have had, and may continue to have, an impact on certain current or future projects and have reduced our visibility to customer demand and may result in a reduction or uncertainty in the timing of orders from these large customers and increase the risk of charges for excess and obsolete inventory. We remain in a period
of new product introductions and expanded use cases, particularly in the AI Ethernet market. This has resulted in increased customer trials and contracts with acceptance periods, and an increase in the volatility and magnitude of our product deferred revenue balances, which in turn may create variability in our revenue results on a quarterly and annual basis. In addition, if we are not able to satisfy the requirements under customer trials or contracts with
17
Table of Contents
acceptance periods, we may be required to accept product returns from our customers, which would prevent us from recognizing revenue on such transactions and may result in the write-down of inventory.
Macroeconomic Update
Global economic and business