than if we derived significant revenue from a larger
variety of product lines and services. Our future financial performance will also depend upon successfully developing and selling next-generation versions of our switches. If we fail to deliver new products, new features, or new releases that customers want and that allow us to maintain leadership in what will continue to be a competitive market environment, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be harmed.
Our large customers generally require more favorable terms and conditions from their vendors
and may request
price concessions. As we seek to sell more products to these customers, we may be required to agree to terms and conditions that may have an adverse effect on our business or ability to recognize revenue.
Our large customers have significant purchasing power and, as a result, generally receive more favorable terms and conditions than we typically provide to other customers, including lower prices, bundled upgrades, extended warranties, acceptance terms, indemnification terms and extended return policies and other contractual rights. As we seek to sell more products to these large customers, an increased mix of our shipments may be subject to such terms and conditions, which may reduce our margins or affect the timing and amount of revenue, and thus may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
If we are unable to increase market awareness or acceptance of our new products and services, our revenue may not continue to grow or may decline.
We have not yet established broad market awareness or acceptance of products and services that we have introduced in the AI Ethernet, campus workspace and network security markets.
Market awareness of our value proposition and products and services will be essential to our continued growth and our success, particularly for the service provider and broader enterprise markets. Additionally, because we are introducing new products in markets such as the AI Ethernet market, some products are subject to trials, testing, qualification and acceptance periods. If our marketing efforts are unsuccessful in creating market awareness of our company and our products and services or in gaining access to new customer markets,
or if these new products and services are not accepted by customers, then our business, financial condition, results of operations a
nd prospects will be adversely affected, and we will not be able to achieve sustained growth.
The sales prices of our products and services may decrease, which may reduce our gross profits and adversely affect our results of operations.
The sales prices for our products and services may decline for a variety of reasons, including competitive pricing pressures, discounts, a change in our mix of products and services, the introduction of new products and services by us or by our competitors including the adoption of “white