Repurchase Programs do not obligate us to acquire any of our common stock and may be suspended or discontinued by the Company at any time without prior notice.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we repurchase
d a total of $787.1 million of our common stock under our Existing Repurchase Program
.
As of March 31, 2025, the remaining authorized amount for repurchases under the Existing Repurchase Program was $133.9 millio
n. In April 2025, we repurchased
22
Table of Contents
an additional $100.0 million of our common stock authorized under the Existing Repurchase Program.
Refer to Note 6. Stockholders' Equity and Stock-Based Compensation of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further discussion.
Material Cash Requirements
Our material cash requirements will have an impact on our future liquidity. Our material cash requirements represent material expected or contractually committed future payment obligations. We believe that we will be able to fund these obligations through cash generated from operations and from our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities.
Our material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations:
Purchase Obligations
Purchase obligations not recorded on our balance sheet represent an estimate of all non-cancellable open purchase orders and contractual obligations, made either directly by Arista or by our contract manufacturers on our behalf, in the ordinary course of business for which we have not received the goods or services. As of March 31, 2025, we had $3.5 billion of such purchase obligations, of which $3.0 billion are expected to be received within one year, and $0.5 billion are expected to be received after one year. These open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, and while we may have some limited ability to reschedule and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services, this can only occur with the agreement of the related supplier.
Property project
During the year ended December 31, 2021, we purchased land and the improvements thereon in Santa Clara, California to construct a building for office, lab and data center space. The estimated remaining capital expenditures related to this project are expected to be approximately $215.0 million to $240.0 million for the next two years, with construction expected to be completed by the end of fiscal 2026.
Off-balance Sheet Arrangements
As of March 31, 2025, we did not have any relationships with any unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, that would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our management’s