certain of our products may be exported from various countries only with the required export license or through an export license exception. If we were to fail to comply with the applicable export control laws, customs regulations, economic sanctions or other applicable laws, we could be subject to monetary damages or the imposition of restrictions which could be material to our business, operating results and prospects and could also harm our reputation. Further, there could be criminal penalties for knowing or willful violations, including incarceration for culpable employees and managers. Obtaining the necessary export license or other authorization for a particular sale may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities.
Furthermore, certain export control and economic sanctions laws prohibit the shipment of certain products, technology, software and services to embargoed countries and sanctioned governments, entities, and persons. For example, following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the United States imposed restrictions on the import to the US of raw materials and goods from Russia and certain economic sanctions and export control restrictions against Russia, Belarus, regions of Ukraine, and certain Russian nationals and entities which required us, in many cases, to terminate business relationships in those countries. These sanctions and restrictions have continued to increase as the conflict has further escalated, and the United States and other countries could impose wider sanctions, export restrictions, and import prohibitions or take other actions in the future that could further impact our business. The U.S. government also continues to add additional entities, from China and elsewhere, to restricted party lists impacting the ability of U.S. companies to provide products, and in certain cases services, to these entities and, in some cases, receive products or services from these entities.
Additionally, the U.S. government continues to expand controls enacted in October 2022 restricting the ability to send certain products and technology related to semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing, and supercomputing to China without an export license. In 2023 and 2024, the U.S. government expanded the list of advanced integrated circuits subject to heightened export controls, including certain hardware containing these specified integrated circuits, expanded the list of destinations requiring export authorization for such items, and added new restrictions based on the headquarters location of the parties involved. Proposed Regulations further expanding the controls to impose a worldwide licensing requirement on certain integrated circuits and computing resources that are used for training of AI models are currently in effect and have a scheduled compliance date of May 15, 2025, after which time companies may be subject to further enforcement; as of May 2025, it is unclear whether or how the U.S. government may