features of our wireless and switching products. WSOU seeks remedies including monetary damages, attorney's fees and costs. On February 4, 2021, we filed an answer denying WSOU's allegations. On November 5, 2021, the case was transferred to the Northern District of California.  On March 30, 2022, WSOU dismissed
one
of the patents with prejudice, removing Arista wireless products from those accused of infringement. On July 1, 2022, the court stayed the case pending the resolution of an
inter partes
review of
one
of the patents-in-suit. On May 30, 2023, the US Patent Trial and Appeal Board (“PTAB”) ruled all challenged claims in the
inter partes
review unpatentable. On March 10, 2025, the Federal Circuit affirmed the PTAB’s decision. The parties subsequently agreed to stay the litigation for an additional
90
days to allow WSOU to change counsel.
We intend to vigorously defend against the claims brought against us by WSOU; however, we cannot be certain that any of WSOU's claims will be resolved in our favor, regardless of the merits of those claims. Any adverse litigation ruling could result in a significant damages award against us and injunctive relief.
With respect to the legal proceedings described above, it is our belief that while a loss is not probable, it may be reasonably possible. Further, at this stage in the litigation, any possible loss or range of loss cannot be estimated; however, the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. Therefore, if this legal matter were resolved against us in a reporting period for a material amount, our consolidated financial statements for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected.
Other matters
In the ordinary course of business, we are a party to other claims and legal proceedings including matters relating to commercial, employee relations, business practices and intellectual property.
12
Table of Contents
We record a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. As of March 31, 2025, provisions recorded for contingent losses related to other claims and matters have not been significant. Based on currently-available information, management does not believe that any additional liabilities relating to other unresolved matters are probable or that the amount of any resulting loss is estimable, and believes these other matters are not likely, individually and in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows; however, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and our view of these matters may change in the future. Were an unfavorable outcome to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows for the period in which the unfavorable outcome occurs, and potentially in future periods.
6.
Stockholders’ Equity and Stock-Based Compensation