arrangement if the contractual terms and/or substance of those agreements indicate that they may be so closely related that they are, in effect, parts of a single contract.
We may occasionally accept returns to address customer satisfaction issues even though there is generally no contractual provision for such returns. We estimate returns for sales to customers based on historical return rates applied against
84
Table of Contents
current-period shipments. Specific customer returns and allowances are considered when determining our sales return reserve estimate.
Our policy applies to the accounting for individual contracts. However, we have elected a practical expedient to apply the guidance to a portfolio of contracts or performance obligations with similar characteristics so long as such application would not differ materially from applying the guidance to the individual contracts (or performance obligations) within that portfolio. Consequently, we have chosen to apply the portfolio approach when possible, which we do not believe will happen frequently. Additionally, we will evaluate a portfolio of data, when possible, in various situations, including accounting for commissions, rights of return and transactions with variable consideration.
We report revenue net of sales taxes. We include shipping charges billed to customers in revenue and the related shipping costs are included in cost of product revenue.
We account for customer sales rebates as a reduction to revenue and accrue for such rebates based on the amount that is earned and expected to be claimed by customers.
Contract Balances
A contract asset is recognized when we have a contractual right to consideration for both completed and partially completed performance obligations that have not yet been invoiced. Contract assets are included in other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
A contract liability is recognized when we have received customer payments in advance of our satisfaction of a performance obligation under a contract that is cancellable. Contract liabilities are included in other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
Research and Development Expenses
Costs related to the research, design and development of our products are charged to research and development expenses as incurred. Software development costs are capitalized beginning when a product’s technological feasibility has been established and ending when the product is available for general release to customers. Generally, our products are released soon after technological feasibility has been established. As a result, costs incurred subsequent to achieving technological feasibility have not been significant and accordingly, all software development costs have been expensed as incurred.
Segment Reporting
We develop, market and sell cloud networking solutions, which primarily consist of our switching and routing platforms and