Stock Repurchase Programs
Our current repurchase program (the "Existing Repurchase Program") allows for stock repurchases of up to $
1.2
billion through May 2027. In May 2025, our board of directors authorized and announced a new $
1.5
billion stock repurchase program (the “New Repurchase Program” and together with the Existing Repurchase Program, the "Repurchase Programs"). This authorization allows us to repurchase shares of our common stock that will be funded from working capital. Repurchases may be made at management's discretion from time to time on the open market, through privately negotiated transactions, transactions structured through investment banking institutions, block purchases, trading plans under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or a combination of the foregoing. The Repurchase Programs do not obligate us to acquire any of our common stock and may be suspended or discontinued by the Company at any time without prior notice.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we repurchase
d a total of $
787.1
million of our common stock under our Existing Repurchase Program
.
As of March 31, 2025, the remaining authorized amount for repurchases under the Existing Repurchase Program was $
133.9
million. In April 2025,
we repurchased an additional $
100.0
million of our common stock authorized under the Existing Repurchase Program.
A summary of the stock repurchase activity under the Existing Repurchase Program for the three months ended March 31, 2025 is as follows (in millions, except per share amounts):
The aggregate purchase price of repurchased shares of our common stock is recorded as a reduction to retained earnings in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of stockholders' equity.  All shares repurchased have been retired.
Equity Award Plan Activities
2014 Equity Incentive Plan
On April 16, 2024, our board of directors
adopted an amended and restated Arista Networks, Inc. 2014 Equity Plan ("Restated Plan"), effective April 17, 2024 ("Effective Date")
subject to the approval of our stockholders,
which wa
s approved at the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on June 7, 2024.
The Restated Plan provides for the grant of equity-based awards, including stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, and performance awards. The share pool available under the prior version of the Company's 2014 Equity Incentive Plan ("Prior Plan") was extinguished, and the Restated Plan provides for a new share pool not to exceed (i)
52.8
million shares of our Common Stock (“Shares”), plus (ii) any Shares subject to awards under the Prior Plan that, on or after the Effective Date, expired or otherwise terminated without having been exercised in full, or that were forfeited to or repurchased by us, including net settlement of Shares subject to restricted stock units, with the maximum number of Shares to be added to the Restated Plan as a result of clause (ii)