fluctuate over time, depending on the factors described above.
Gross margin increased from 61.9% for the year ended December 31, 2023 to 64.1% for the year ended December 31, 2024. These changes reflect an improvement in product margins of 60.9% in 2024 compared to 59.0% in 2023, driven by a reduction of $180.4 million in net excess/obsolete inventory-related charges. In addition, our gross margin benefited in 2024 from the leverage of relatively fixed manufacturing overhead costs on a higher revenue base of $7.0 billion in 2024 compared to $5.9 billion in 2023.
Operating Expenses (in thousands, except percentages)
Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. The largest component of our operating expenses is personnel costs. Personnel costs consist of wages, benefits, bonuses and, with respect to sales and marketing expenses, sales commissions. Personnel costs also include stock-based compensation and travel-related expenses.
Research and development.
Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, prototype expenses, third-party engineering costs, and an allocated portion of facility and IT costs. Our research and development efforts are focused on new product development and maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and continue to invest in our technology.
Research and development expenses increased by $141.8 million, or 16.6%, for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023. The increase was primarily due to a $64.9 million increase in personnel costs driven by an increase in headcount, and a $52.3 million increase in new product introduction costs, including non-recurring engineering costs and prototype expenses as we expand our product portfolio.
Sales and marketing.
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, marketing, trade shows, and other promotional activities, and an allocated portion of facility and IT costs. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to expand our sales and marketing efforts worldwide.
59
Sales and marketing expenses increased by $28.2 million, or 7.1%, for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to an increase in personnel costs.
General and administrative.
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and professional services costs for our finance, human resources, legal and certain executive functions. Our professional services costs are primarily related to external legal, accounting, and tax services.
General and administrative expenses