consolidated statements of income.
For our debt securities in an unrealized loss position, we determine whether a credit loss exists by considering, among other factors, current market conditions, credit quality of debt issuers, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and the extent to which fair value is less than cost. We would recognize an allowance for credit losses, up to the amount of the unrealized loss when appropriate, and write down the amortized cost basis of the investment if it is more likely than not we will be required to sell or we intend to sell the investment before recovery of its amortized cost basis.
Accounts Receivable
Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount, net of allowances for doubtful accounts. We estimate our allowance for doubtful accounts based upon the collectability of the receivables in light of historical trends, reasonable and supportable information of our customers' economic conditions that may affect our customers’ ability to pay, and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is done in order to identify issues that may impact the collectability of receivables and related estimated required allowance. Revisions to the allowance are recorded as an adjustment to bad debt expense. After appropriate collection efforts are exhausted, specific accounts receivable deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance in the period they are deemed uncollectible. Recoveries of accounts receivable previously written-off are recorded as credits to bad debt expense.
80
Table of Contents
Fair Value Measurements
Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or an exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. We apply fair value accounting for all financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. These assets and liabilities include cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities. Cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities are stated at carrying values in our consolidated financial statements, which approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments.
Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. We use a fair value hierarchy to measure fair value, maximizing the use of observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs. The three-tiers of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:
Level I
—Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the