shipping addresses (in millions):
(1) Includes $
1,581.5
million and $
1,232.8
million revenue generated from the U.S. for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively.
Long-lived assets, net, excluding intercompany receivables, investments in subsidiaries, privately-held equity investments and deferred tax assets, by location are summarized as follows (in millions):
Item 2.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes that are included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 18, 2025. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Overview
Arista Networks is an industry leader in data-driven, client to cloud networking for large AI, data center, campus and routing environments. Arista's platforms deliver availability, agility, automation, analytics and security through an advanced network operating stack. Since Arista’s inception, our founders have reimagined cloud networks for performance, scale and programmability with a focus on differentiating in three ways: uncompromising reliability built on the foundation of robust quality assurance capabilities with a suite of automated diagnostics, advanced open and standards-based technology and intelligent automation to decrease the manual workload on the operator. At the core of Arista’s platform is Arista EOS, a modernized publish-subscribe state-sharing networking operating system. Arista EOS, combined with a set of network
16
Table of Contents
applications and our Ethernet switching and routing platforms using best of breed merchant silicon, provides customers with a highly competitive and diversified portfolio of products with improved price/performance and time to market.
We believe that cloud computing represents a fundamental shift from traditional legacy network architectures. As organizations of all sizes have moved workloads to the cloud, spending on cloud and next-generation data centers has increased rapidly, while traditional legacy IT spending has grown at a slower rate. Our cloud networking platforms are well positioned to address the growing cloud networking market, and to address increasing performance requirements driven by the growing number of connected devices, as well as the need for constant connectivity and access to data and applications.
The markets for cloud networking solutions are highly competitive and characterized