looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make.
Table of Contents
PART I
Item 1. Business
Arista Networks is an industry leader in data-driven, client-to-cloud networking for large AI, data center, campus and routing environments. Arista’s platforms deliver availability, agility, automation, analytics, and security through an advanced network operating stack.  Since Arista’s inception, our founders have reimagined cloud networks for performance, scale and programmability with a focus on differentiating in three ways: uncompromising reliability built on the foundation of robust quality assurance capabilities with a suite of automated diagnostics, advanced open and standards-based technology and intelligent automation to decrease the manual workload on the operator.
At the core of Arista’s platform is Arista’s Extensible Operating System ("EOS®"), a modernized publish-subscribe state-sharing networking operating system. Arista EOS, combined with a set of network applications and our Ethernet switching and routing platforms using best of breed merchant silicon, provides customers with a highly competitive and diversified portfolio of products with improved price/performance and time to market.
Our current portfolio of products, services and technologies are grouped into the following categories: Core (Data Center, Cloud and AI Networking), Cognitive Adjacencies (Campus and Routing), and Cognitive Network (Software and Services). Our customers include companies of all sizes and span a range of industries and geographies and are grouped into the following categories: Cloud and AI Titans, Enterprise and Providers. Since we began shipping our products in 2008, we have experienced rapid growth, and, according to market research in 2024, we have achieved the leadership position in overall data center Ethernet switch ports and revenue and continue to lead the market in higher speed Ethernet port shipments of 100G and above. We have been profitable and cash flow positive since 2010.
Our Market Opportunity
We sell our products through both a direct sales force and channel partners, competing primarily in the high-speed data center Ethernet switching markets for 10 Gigabit Ethernet ("GbE") and above, including the Cloud and AI Ethernet switching markets, Enterprise Data Center switching/routing market, the cloud-grade and enterprise routing markets, and the campus wired and wireless markets.  We also participate in the Network Monitoring, Network Detection and Response ("NDR") and Network Access Control security markets through both acquisition and organic development.
Our Customers
Our customers include large cloud customers or Cloud and AI Titans, other internet and service providers, including specialty and AI Neoclouds, and a wide breadth of enterprise customers, including financial services organizations and government