impact on certain current or future projects and have reduced our visibility to customer demand and may result in a reduction or uncertainty in the timing of orders from these large customers, which may negatively impact our revenue and increase the risk of excess and obsolescence charges on our products. In addition, we remain in a period of new product introductions and expanded use cases, particularly in the AI Ethernet market. This has resulted in increased customer trials and contracts with acceptance periods, and an increase in the volatility and magnitude of our product deferred revenue balances, which in turn may create variability in our revenue results on a quarterly and annual basis. Furthermore, if we are not able to satisfy the requirements under customer trials or contracts with acceptance periods, we may be required to accept product returns from our customers, which would prevent us from recognizing revenue on such transactions and may result in the write-down of inventory.
Moreover, because our sales are based prim
arily on purchase orders, some of our customers have previously and could continue to cancel, delay, reduce or otherwise modify their purchase commitments with little or no notice to us. For example, due to manufacturing and supply chain disruptions resulting in increased lead times, customers
have, and may continue to place orders based on longer planning horizons. These customers may decide to delay or cancel such orders for any reason, including changes in their IT investment priorities, if economic conditions worsen or their financial performance, condition or prospects deteriorate. This limited visibility regarding our customers’ product needs or changes in those needs, the timing and quantity of which could vary significantly, requires us to rely on estimated demand forecasts to determine how much material to purchase and product to manufacture. Extended supplier lead times on some newer technologies can create greater pressure on our ability to forecast future demand, which can lead to excess inventory or product shortages and to delays
in fulfilling current and future purchase orders that can impede production by our customers and harm our customer relationships.
Further, if we are unable to reduce our lead times, customers may also cancel existing orders or reduce future orders. I
n the event of any cancellations or reductions of orders, or any reductions in future demand, we may not have enough time to reduce operating expenses to mitigate the effect of the lost revenue on our business, and in addition, could incur increased excess and obsolete inventory-related charges, all of which could materially affect our operating results.
We may be unable to sustain or increase our revenue from our large customers, grow revenue with new or other existing customers at the rate we anticipate or at all, or offset a decline or discontinuation of concentrated purchases by our larger customers with purchases by new or