through cash generated from operations and from our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities.
Our material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations:
Purchase Obligations
Purchase obligations not recorded on our balance sheet represent an estimate of all non-cancellable open purchase orders and contractual obligations, made either directly by Arista or by our contract manufacturers on our behalf, in the ordinary course of business for which we have not received the goods or services. As of December 31, 2024, we had $3.1 billion of such purchase obligations, of which
$2.8 billion are expected to be received within 12 months, and
$0.3 billion
are e
xpected to be received after one year.  These open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, and while we may have some limited ability to reschedule and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services, this can only occur with the agreement of the related supplier.
Leases
We have operating lease arrangements for office space, data center, equipment and other corporate assets. As of December 31, 2024, we had lease payment obligations, net of immaterial sublease income, of $65.3 million, with $24.7 million payable within 12 months.
Property project
During the year ended December 31, 2021, we purchased land and the improvements thereon in Santa Clara, California to construct a building for office, lab and data center space. The estimated capital expenditures related to this project is expected to be approximately $235.0 million to $260.0 million for the next two years, with construction expected to be completed by the end of fiscal 2026.
Accrued Income Taxes
As of December 31, 2024, we have recorded long-term tax liabilities of $110.0 million related to uncertain tax positions; however, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of settlement, if any, of these future payments.
In connection with the TCJA, effective from January 1st, 2022, the TCJA eliminates the option to deduct research and development expenditures currently and requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five or fifteen years pursuant to Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) Section 174. As of December 31, 2024, the incremental cash tax impact resulting from the regulation was approximately $210.2 million for the year, of which substantially all the liability has been paid. It is anticipated that IRC Section 174 will result in cash tax outlays exceeding our income tax expense over the next three years unless the current legislation is changed. There is no material change to our effective tax rate as a result of this regulation.
Off-balance Sheet Arrangements
As of December 31, 2024, we did not have any relationships with any unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, that