procure components and assemble products on our behalf and we procure strategic components from suppliers based on our forecasts. We record a liability and a corresponding charge for non-cancellable, non-returnable purchase commitments with our contract  manufacturers and suppliers for quantities in excess of our demand forecasts or that are considered obsolete due to manufacturing and engineering change orders resulting from design changes. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we recorded charges of $
113.0
million and $
43.7
million, respectively, within cost of product revenue for such liabilities with our contract manufacturers and suppliers. For the year ended
81
Table of Contents
December 31, 2024, we recorded a credit of $
74.3
million within cost of product revenue related to such liabilities, which was driven by a reduction in the liability due to the receipt of excess components that were previously reserved. We subsequently assessed the realizable value of such components upon inventory receipt.
We use significant judgment in establishing our forecasts of future demand and obsolete material exposures. These estimates depend on our assessment of current and expected orders from our customers, product development plans and current sales levels.  In addition, when industry-wide supply chain shortages resulted in extended lead times for components, we were  required to extend the time horizon of our demand forecasts and increase our purchase commitments for long lead time components. As customer lead times reduce more broadly, we have seen and expect to continue to see a commensurate reduction in visibility to customer demand and a gradual return to shorter demand-planning horizons. Although the global supply chain has shown improvement, we have had to invest in inventory to address forecast uncertainty and we expect that
our inventory and purchase commitments will remain volatile as we ramp new product introductions.
There is, however, no guarantee that all suppliers will meet their commitments in the time frame committed or that actual customer demand will directly match our demand forecasts. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, which may be caused by factors within and/or outside of our control, we may be required to increase our inventory write-downs and liabilities to our contract manufacturers and suppliers, which could have an adverse impact on our gross margins and profitability. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and adequacy of our contract manufacturer and supplier liabilities.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation, except for land which is not depreciated. We capitalize any additions and improvements and expense maintenance and repairs as incurred. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, generally
three years
. Our