credit limit or require it to prepay its purchases. We generally do not require our customers to provide collateral to support accounts receivable. We have recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts for accounts receivables that we have determined to be uncollectible. We mitigate credit risk with respect to accounts receivables by performing ongoing credit evaluations of the borrower to assess the probability of collecting all amounts due to us under the existing contractual terms.
We market and sell our products through both our direct sales force and our channel partners, including distributors, value-added resellers, system integrators and OEM partners, and in conjunction with various technology partners.  Significant customers are those that represent more than 10% of our total net revenue during the period or net accounts receivable balance at each respective balance sheet date.
As of December 31, 2024, we had two resellers who represented
26
% and
24
% of total accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2023, we had two resellers who represented
28
% and
11
% of total accounts receivable.  There were two end customers who represented more than 10% of our total revenue for the years ended 2024, 2023 and 2022. Sales to one end customer represented
15
%,
21
% and
26
% of our total revenue, and sales to the other end customer represented
20
%,
18
% and
16
% of our total revenue for the years ended 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
We consider all highly liquid investments with original or remaining maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit with various financial institutions and highly liquid investments in money market funds. Interest is accrued as earned.
Marketable Securities
We classify all highly liquid investments in debt securities with maturities of greater than three months at the date of purchase as marketable securities. We have classified and accounted for our marketable debt securities as available-for-sale. We determine the appropriate classification of these investments at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation at each balance sheet date. After consideration of our risk versus reward objectives, as well as our liquidity requirements, we may hold or sell these securities prior to their stated maturities. As we view these securities as available to support current operations, we classify securities with maturities beyond 12 months as current assets under the caption marketable securities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. We carry these securities at fair value. For marketable debt securities, we report the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, as a component of stockholders’ equity. We determine any realized gains or losses on the sale of marketable securities using the specific identification method, and record such gains and losses in other income, net in the accompanying