the growing number of connected devices, as well as the need for constant connectivity and access to data and applications.
The markets for cloud networking solutions are highly competitive and characterized by rapidly changing technology, changing end-customer needs, evolving industry standards, frequent introductions of new products and services, and industry consolidation. We expect competition to intensify in the future as the market for cloud networking expands and existing competitors and new market entrants introduce new products or enhance existing products. Our future success is dependent upon our ability to continue to evolve and adapt to our rapidly changing environment. We must also continue to develop market-leading products and software features that address the changing needs of our existing and new customers, and increase sales in the cloud, AI and enterprise data center ethernet switching/routing markets, and campus workspace markets. We intend to continue expanding our sales force and marketing activities in key geographies, as well as our relationships with channel, technology and system-level partners in order to reach new customers more effectively, increase sales to existing customers, and provide services and support. In addition, we intend to continue to invest in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. We believe one of our greatest strengths lies in our ability to rapidly develop new features and applications.
Macroeconomic Update
Global economic and business activities continue to face widespread macroeconomic uncertainties, including the effects of, among other things, inflation, monetary policy shifts, recession risks, potential supply chain disruptions, changes in the U.S. administration, geopolitical pressures and escalating international trade measures.
Our business is emerging from a period of unprecedented global supply chain disruptions.  Throughout this period, we made significant supply chain investments, including funding additional working capital and incremental purchase commitments in response to extended visibility to deployment plans from our customers. We have worked closely with our contract manufacturers and supply chain partners to ramp production following a period of delayed component sourcing and workforce disruptions. Increased capacity has allowed us to ship products against previously committed demand/deployment plans and accelerate some deployments where needed, while trying to balance our customers' requirements and lead times with the availability of key components and products and lead times of our key suppliers and contract manufacturers.
As a result, some shipments against these previously committed demand/deployment plans have extended into 2025.
As the global supply chain has experienced some improvements and as customer lead times have