equal to
40.2
million Shares. The Restated Plan’s terms are substantially similar to the Prior Plan’s terms, including with respect to treatment of equity awards in the event of a “change in control” as defined under the Restated Plan, but with certain modifications, including the elimination of the automatic “evergreen” share reserve increase provided for under the Prior Plan. As of March 31, 2025, there remained approximately
52.3
million shares available for grant under the Restated Plan.
2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
In April 2014, our board of directors and stockholders approved the 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”). The ESPP became effective on the first day that our common stock was publicly traded. The number of shares reserved for
13
Table of Contents
issuance under the ESPP increases automatically on January 1 of each year by the number of shares equal to
1
% of our shares outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, but not to exceed
40
million shares, unless our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to make a smaller increase. As of March 31, 2025, there remained approximately
104.5
million shares available for issuance under the ESPP.
Under our ESPP, eligible employees are permitted to acquire shares of our common stock at
85
% of the lower of the fair market value of our common stock on the first trading day of each offering period or on the exercise date. Each offering period lasts approximately
two years
starting on the first trading date after February 15 and August 15 of each year, and includes purchase dates every
six months
on or after February 15 and August 15 of each year. Participants may purchase shares of common stock through payroll deductions up to
15
% of their eligible compensation, subject to Internal Revenue Service mandated purchase limits.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we issued
0.4
million shares at a weighted-average purchase price of $
62.31
per share under the ESPP.
Stock Option Activities
The following table summarizes the option activity under our stock plans and related information (in millions, except years and per share amounts):
Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) Activities
A summary of the RSU activity is presented below (in millions, except years and per share amounts):
Stock-Based Compensation Expense
The following table summarizes the stock-based compensation expense related to our equity awards (in millions):
14
Table of Contents
As of March 31, 2025, there were $
1.1
billion of unamortized compensation costs related to all unvested awards. The unamortized compensation costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately
4.4
years.
7.
Net Income Per Share
Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, including