and distributions of the unremitted earnings do not have any significant U.S. federal income tax impact.  We have not provided for any remaining tax effect, if any, of limited outside basis differences of our foreign subsidiaries based upon plans of future reinvestment. The determination of the future tax consequences of the remittance of these earnings is not practicable.
100
Table of Contents
Uncertain Tax Positions
We recognize uncertain tax positions only to the extent that management believes that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained.
The reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows (in thousands):
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $
181.5
million, $
163.3
million and $
137.4
million, respectively, of which $
103.4
million, $
90.0
million and $
79.3
million would affect our effective tax rate if recognized.
Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on any unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the net expense for interest and penalties and the recognized liability for interest and penalties were
not
material.
The statute of limitations for Federal and most states remains open for 2021 and forward. Some states have net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, and therefore remain open to examination. Our foreign tax returns, where the statute of limitations have not yet lapsed, are open to audit in the respective foreign countries where the subsidiaries are located. It is possible that the amount of existing gross unrecognized tax benefits may decrease within the next 12 months as a result of statute of limitation lapses or payments to tax authorities in certain jurisdictions. However, any such changes are not anticipated to be material.
9.
Segment and Geographical Information
We operate as
one
reportable segment. The accounting policies of the reportable segment are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. The financial information reviewed by the CODM reflects quarterly and year-to-date operating results, with a primary focus on revenue, gross margin, operating margin and net income as reported on the consolidated statements of income. Consolidated financial information is used by the CODM to evaluate performance and make decisions regarding resource allocation and other strategic initiatives. This consolidated financial information is also what is used to establish and approve operating budgets and forecasts. The measure of segment assets is reported on the consolidated balance sheets in total. There was no change for each of the periods presented in the measurement methods used to determine reported segment profit and loss.
The CODM reviews the following significant segment expenses, which are presented separately on the Company’s