compute and storage to deliver fast job completion time for training and generative AI workloads. Arista also offers customers the Arista Autonomous Virtual Assist ("AVA
TM"
) which uses natural processing language to provide AI-assisted outcomes for network operations, security and observability.
An overview of our AI enabled solutions is shown below:
As a proud founding member, Arista is committed to leading the Ultra Ethernet Consortium ("UEC") to achieve scalable and efficient remote memory access, implemented with enhanced packet spraying, flexible ordering, and modern congestion control algorithms.
Hybrid Work
In the post-pandemic world, the traditional “campus” has been redefined and the boundaries between the office, home, teleworker and user have converged. At the same time, the proliferation and sophistication of devices that connect the campus, such as smart devices, security cameras and Internet of Things ("IoT"), has grown dramatically. The challenge lies in successfully transitioning the existing siloed campus into a data-driven, distributed campus model with a common experience, while addressing the growing security and availability needs.
Arista’s campus portfolio was driven by customers desiring the same quality and operational efficiency available from EOS and CloudVision® throughout their entire enterprise network. We entered the campus market with a diverse portfolio of modular and fixed form factor Campus spine switches, Power-over-Ethernet ("PoE") leaf switches based on EOS and Wi-Fi
2
Table of Contents
access points managed through CloudVision. We continue to expand our campus portfolio to offer the advantages of EOS across the entire enterprise network. Most recently, we have added incremental Enterprise WAN products as well as embedded NDR security sensors into our campus switches to address more of the security challenges that face campus administrators.
Zero Trust Networking Security
Zero trust architectures attempt to mitigate risk associated with cyber threats by eliminating implicit trust in a device simply because it is on the “internal” network. However, this is easier said than done, given today’s changing definition of the network that spans campus, data center, cloud, and more. Adding multiple network security layers such as firewalls, network access control, and threat detection, among others, comes with tremendous cost, complexity, and brittleness, whereas the benefits are often hard to quantify.
Arista offers a full suite of security solutions built on the foundations of our unified operating system in EOS® and the common management plane in CloudVision™. These solutions map to the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency’s Zero Trust Maturity Model and help organizations accelerate their journey toward optimal zero trust maturity. Moreover, these network security controls can help compensate for gaps in the organization’s zero trust posture in domains such as identity, devices, workload, and data.