provisions have already been invoked in response to retaliation taken by China. Continued escalations could result in the imposition of extreme tariff or non-tariff measures, which may lead to a breakdown in international supply chains due to increased tariff costs and disruptions in the availability of goods.
An increase in trade-related costs associated with these tariff actions may impair the profitability of such international production, may strain our suppliers’ ability to provide inputs necessary for the production of these items, and may otherwise affect our manufacturing partners’ ability to provide our products at previously contracted prices. We also may not be able to pass on the full burden of the increase in trade-related costs to our partners and/or customers which could impact our profitability and/or our competitiveness. We believe we can adjust our supply chain and manufacturing practices to partially mitigate the impact of the tariffs and any impact on the supply chain of components sourced from affected countries, but our efforts may not be successful, there can be no assurance that we will not experience a disruption in our business related to these or other changes in trade practices and the process of changing suppliers in order to mitigate any such tariff costs could be complicated, time-consuming, and costly.
These trade measures may directly impair our business by increasing trade-related costs or disrupting established supply chains and may indirectly impair our business by causing a negative effect on global economic conditions and financial markets. The ultimate impact of these trade measures is uncertain, and may be affected by various factors, including whether and when such trade measures are implemented, the timing when such measures may become effective, and the amount, scope, or nature of such trade measures.
Tariffs may also cause customers to delay or to request an expedition for their orders as they evaluate where to take delivery of our products in connection with their efforts to mitigate their own tariff exposure. Such delays or expeditions create forecasting difficulties for us and increase the risk that orders might be canceled or might never be placed. Current or future tariffs may also negatively impact our customers' sales, thereby causing an indirect negative impact on our own sales. Even in the absence of further tariffs, the related uncertainty and the market's fear of an escalating trade tensions and related macroeconomic effects might cause our distributors and customers to place fewer orders for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
We expect large purchases by a limited number of customers to continue to represent a substantial p
ortion of our revenue, and any loss, delay, decline or other change in expected purchases could result in material quarter-to-quarter fluctuations of our revenue or