Generally, our products comprise only a part of the network infrastructure and must interoperate with our customers’ existing infrastructure, specifically their networks, servers, software and operating systems, which may be manufactured by a wide variety of vendors and OEMs. Our products must comply with established industry standards in order to interoperate with the servers, storage, software and other networking equipment in the network infrastructure such that all systems function efficiently together. We depend on the vendors of servers and systems in a data center to support prevailing industry standards. Often, these vendors are significantly larger and more influential in driving industry standards than we are. Also, some industry standards may not be widely adopted or implemented uniformly and competing standards may emerge that may be preferred by our customers.
In addition, when new or updated versions of these software operating systems or applications are introduced, we must sometimes develop updated versions of our software so that our products will interoperate properly. We may not accomplish these development efforts quickly, cost-effectively or at all. These development efforts require capital investment and the devotion of engineering resources. If we fail to maintain compatibility with these systems and applications, our customers may not be able to adequately utilize our products, and we may lose or fail to increase market share and experience a weakening in demand for our products, among other consequences, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Risks Related to Supply Chain and Manufacturing
Managing the supply of our products and product components is complex. Insufficient component supply and inventory and the time to manufacture our products may result in los
t sales opportunities or delayed revenue, while excess inventory may harm our gross margins.
Managing our manufacturing capacity and extended supply chain is complex, and our inventory management systems and related supply-chain visibility tools may not enable us to effectively manage the supply of our products and product components. Our ability to manage our supply chain has also and could continue to be adversely affected by other factors including geopolitical conditions such as international trade tensions between the U.S. and China, Canada, Mexico, the European Union and other countries where we manufacturing our products including Malaysia and Vietnam, the Russia-Ukraine conflict and related economic sanctions against Russia, the Israel-Hamas conflict, and political tensions between China and Taiwan. Global geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainties have resulted in prolonged manufacturing and supply chain disruptions, including temporary closures of certain manufacturing and supplier facilities particularly within China and controls on certain supplies including China's restrictions in the use