hinder our ability to forecast component supply, manufacturing capacity and timing of inventory receipts. A significant interruption in these critical functions has resulted and could continue to result in delayed order fulfillment or cancellation of orders, which may negatively impact our relationships with our customers, reduce future sales or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and result in a decline in the market price of our common stock.
Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Other Proprietary Rights
Assertions by third parties of infringement, misappropriation or other violations by us of their intellectual property rights, or other lawsuits asserted against us, could result in significant costs and substantially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Patent and other intellectual property rights disputes are common in the network infrastructure, network security and Wi-Fi industries and have resulted in protracted and expensive litigation for many companies. Many companies in the network
44
Table of Contents
infrastructure, network security and Wi-Fi industries, including our competitors and other third parties, as well as non-practicing entities, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights, which they may use to assert claims of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property rights against us. From time to time, they have or may in the future also assert such claims against us, our customers or channel partners whom we typically indemnify against claims that our products infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of third parties. For example, we have previously been involved in litigation with Cisco and OptumSoft, and are currently involved in
litigation with WSOU Investments LLC (“WSOU”), which is described in the “Legal Proceedings”  subheading in
Note 5. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
As the number of products and competitors in our market increases and overlaps occur or if we enter into new markets, claims of infringement, misappropriation and other violations of intellectual property rights may increase. Any claim of infringement, misappropriation or other violations of intellectual property rights by a third-party, even those without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against the claim, distract our management from our business and require us to cease use or practice of such intellectual property. In addition, some claims for patent infringement may relate to subcomponents that we purchase from third parties. If these third parties are unable or unwilling to indemnify us for these claims, we could be substantially harmed.
The patent portfolios of most of