These 25% tariffs currently do not apply to -United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (“USMCA”) qualifying goods. As of May 2025, our products manufactured in Mexico are primarily USMCA qualifying and are not impacted by the Canada-Mexico Tariffs.
Since April 2025, pursuant to additional executive orders, the U.S. government imposed an additional 125% tariff on products of China (in addition to Section 310 tariffs and 20% tariffs listed above) and an additional 10% baseline tariff on products of U.S. trading partners other than China, Canada, Mexico, or countries with which the U.S. does not have normal trade relations (collectively, the “Reciprocal Tariffs”). The U.S. government scheduled Reciprocal Tariffs for these other U.S.
26
Table of Contents
trading partners currently subject to the baseline tariffs based upon the trade imbalance between the U.S. and such other U.S. trading partners that, in many cases, are higher than the baseline 10%; however, the U.S. government paused these additional, higher Reciprocal Tariffs until July 2025 (except with respect to China). Additionally, the Reciprocal Tariffs exempt some products, including certain semiconductors, computers, consumer electronics, and items covered under a Section 232 tariff order or which become covered under a Section 232 tariff order. As of May 2025, most of our products manufactured in Malaysia and Vietnam are items currently excluded from the scope of the Reciprocal Tariffs and therefore not impacted by the tariffs levied in that order. Other products may be impacted by the Reciprocal Tariffs.
Some of our products may also be within the scope of one or more pending Section 232 investigations by the U.S. Department of Commerce, including an investigation into semiconductors and an investigation into processed critical minerals and derivative products, including various electronics items; once these investigations are complete, the U.S. government may place additional tariffs on these items.
In response to these and other U.S. measures, China, Canada, or other countries have taken a range of retaliatory measures. These include the imposition of retaliatory tariffs on certain U.S.-origin goods; the implementation of new export controls by China on various critical minerals, including rare earths metals; the scheduling of further retaliatory tariff measures; and other actions.
There is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States, and various other countries, most significantly China, with respect to tariffs and trade policies. The situation regarding these tariffs and trade policies has been fluid and tariffs are subject to further changes. This risk may be particularly acute should the trade tensions between the U.S. and other countries worsen. The recent U.S. government executive orders imposing these tariffs also include provisions allowing for further escalation of U.S. tariffs in the event affected countries retaliate, and these