consolidated statements of income: cost of product, cost of services, selling and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses, and research and development expenses. Other segment items that are included in the calculation of the Company’s net income include other income (expense), net, which is further described in Note 3. Financial Statements Details and income taxes, which is further described in Note 8. Income Taxes. Other segment disclosures such as depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation are disclosure in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
The following table represents revenue based on customers' shipping addresses (in thousands):
101
Table of Contents
(1) Includes $
5,663.0
million, $
4,541.5
million and $
3,424.8
million revenue generated from the U.S. for the three years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and
2022
, respectively
Long-lived assets, excluding intercompany receivables, investments in subsidiaries, investments in privately-held companies and deferred tax assets, net by location are summarized as follows (in thousands):
10.
Post-Employment Benefits
We have a 401(k) Plan that covers substantially all of our employees in the U.S.  Effective January 1, 2017, we have elected to match
100
% of employees' contributions up to a maximum of
3
% of an employee's annual salary. Matching contributions are immediately vested. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the amounts we contributed for the matching contributions were not material
.
102
Table of Contents
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and our Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2024. The term “disclosure controls and procedures,” as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company’s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2024, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable