activities continue to face widespread macroeconomic uncertainties, including the effects of, among other things, inflation, monetary policy shifts, recession risks, potential supply chain disruptions, changes in government administration policy positions, and geopolitical pressures, including escalating international trade measures and tariff uncertainty.
We are working closely with our contract manufacturers and suppliers to optimize our supply chain and production efforts in response to the uncertainty around international trade policy and tariff rates. While our supply chain has currently not experienced a significant disruption as a result of the recent trade measures, the extent of such policies and tariffs that will ultimately be implemented is unknown at this time, and the future impact to our supply chain and cost of our products is uncertain. We continue to ship products against previously committed demand/deployment plans and accelerate some deployments where needed, while trying to balance our customers' requirements and lead times with the availability of key components and products and lead times of our key suppliers and contract manufacturers. As a result, some shipments against these previously committed demand/deployment plans have extended into 2025. Given the timing and prioritization of customer orders and shipment patterns, as well as the timing and outcome of customer trials and contracts with acceptance periods, near term revenue trends may not be reflective of current demand levels, and as discussed above will also benefit from demand/deployment plans that have been previously committed. We expect that our inventory and purchase commitments will
remain volatile as we ramp new product introductions. The magnitude of these balances, combined with a reduction in customer demand-planning horizons and shifting customer product priorities, has resulted in an increased risk that we may not be able to sell all of this inventory, which in turn has resulted in additional excess and obsolete inventory and supplier liability charges. In addition, inflation pressure in our supply chain and scarcity of some materials needed to build our products have increased our cost of revenue and have impacted, and may continue to negatively impact our gross margin. These cost pressures may be increased if escalating tariff and non-tariff international trade measures continue to affect our supply chain. We also may not be able to fully mitigate the cost impacts of escalating tariff and non-tariff international trade measures or be able to pass on the full burden of the increase in trade-related costs to our customers, which could further negatively impact our gross margin. While we have seen improvements in our supply chain and manufacturing operations, any remaining or new supply chain and manufacturing related constraints could negatively impact our business in future periods.
Management continues to actively monitor the impact of macroeconomic