manufacturing and supply chain to respond to international trade wars, supply chain sourcing activities, merchant silicon costs, excess/obsolete inventory and supplier liability charges, and fees to expedite supplier components and costs related to tariffs from our products that are manufactured internationally. In addition, other factors that may impact our gross margins over time include the introduction of new products and new business models including the sale and delivery of more software and subscription solutions, entry into new markets or growth in lower margin markets, entry in markets with different pricing and cost structures, pricing discounts given to customers, costs associated with defending intellectual property rights infringement, misappropriation or other violation claims and the potential outcomes of such disputes, increased costs arising from epidemics, changes in distribution channels, increased warranty costs, and our ability to execute our operating plans. In addition, inflationary pressures and shortages have increased and may continue to increase costs for certain materials, components, supplies and services. A
s a result of cost inflation in our supply chain, we have implemented targeted price increases from time to time. However, these price increases could result in a decrease in demand for our products which would decrease revenue.
In addition, if business were subject to sustained economic
22
stress or recession, many of the risk factors identified in this risk factors section could be heightened. We determine our operating expenses largely on the basis of anticipated revenue and a high percentage of our expenses are fixed in the short and medium term. As a result, a failure or delay in generating or recognizing revenue could cause significant variations in our operating results and operating margin from quarter to quarter. Failure to sustain or improve our gross margins reduces our profitability and may have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price.
We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies and industry consolidation may lead to further increased competition, which may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
The markets in which we compete, including the markets for data center, campus networking and network visibility and security, are intensely competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future from established competitors, industry consolidation and new market entrants. This competition has resulted in increased pricing pressure, which could result in reduced profit margins, increased sales and marketing expenses and the loss of market share, any of which would likely harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
The data center and campus networking markets have been historically dominated by Cisco, with competition also coming from other large network equipment and system