be harmed.
A portion of our revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks.
We anticipate increasing our sales efforts to U.S. and foreign, federal, state and local governmental customers in the future. Sales to government entities are subject to a number of risks. Selling to government entities can be highly competitive, expensive and time consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that these efforts will generate a s
ale. The substantial majority of our sales to date to government entities have been made indirectly through our channel partners. Government certificat
ion requirements for products like ours may change and, in doing so, restrict our ability to sell into the government sector until we have attained revised certifications. Government demand and payment for our products and services may be affected by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our products and services. Government entities may have statutory, contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts with our distributors and resellers for convenience or due to a default. Selling to government entities requires us to comply with various regulations that are not applicable to sales to non-government
29
entities, including regulations that may relate to pricing, prohibitions against use of certain foreign components in our products and services, anti-corruption and other matters. The U.S. government may require certain products that it purchases to be manufactured in, or may require that products it purchases contain a certain threshold of “domestic origin” components from, the U.S. and other relatively high-cost manufacturing locations, and we may not manufacture all products in locations that meet these requirements.
Complying with these regulations also requires us to put in place controls and procedures to monitor compliance with applicable regulations that may be costly or not possible. Governments also routinely investigate and audit government contractors’ administrative processes and contract compliance.  Failure to comply with the terms of our government contracts or applicable regulations, or an unfavorable audit, could result in the government ceasing to buy our products and services, a reduction of revenue, fines or civil or criminal liability, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
We are exposed to the credit risk of our channel partners and some of our customers, which could result in material losses.
Most of our contracts with customers are on an open credit basis, with standard payment term
s
payment terms of 30 to 90 days
. We monitor individual end-customer payment capability in grantin
g such open credit arrangements, seek to limit such open credit to amounts we believe