impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects would be seriously harmed.
To the extent that our products are manufactured at facilities in foreign countries, we may be subject to additional risks associated with complying with local rules and regulations in those jurisdictions. Shelter in place orders, factory closures or reductions in staffing at our manufacturing sites would result in material disruptions, increased lead times and supply shortages of our products. Due to their existence in foreign locations, our contract manufacturers may also be subject to or become subject to new or increased tariffs which, if sufficiently high, may affect the profitability of these operations and may require relocation to new locations, moves which may require bearing associated costs. There is no guarantee that any contract manufacturing location may not be targeted by tariffs or other trade measures imposed by the United States or another country.
43
Table of Contents
Our contract manufacturers typically fulfill our supply requirements on the basis of individual orders. We do not have long-term contracts with our third-party manufacturers that guarantee capacity, the continuation of particular pricing terms or the extension of credit limits. Accordingly, they are not obligated to continue to fulfill our supply requirements, which could result in supply shortages, and the prices we are charged for manufacturing services could be increased on short notice. For example, a competitor could place large orders with the third-party manufacturer, thereby utilizing all or substantially all of such third-party manufacturer’s capacity and leaving the manufacturer little or no capacity to fulfill our individual orders without price increases or delays, or at all. Our contract with one of our contract manufacturers permits it to terminate the agreement for convenience, subject to prior notice requirements. We may not be able to develop alternate or second contract manufacturers in a timely manner.
If we add or change contract manufacturers or change any manufacturing plant locations within a contract manufacturer network, we would add additional complexity and risk to our supply chain management and may increase our working capital require
ments. Ensuring a new contract manufacturer or new plant location is qualified and has sufficient manufacturing capacity to manufacture our products to our standards and industry requirements could take significant effort and be time consuming and expensive, and any delays or failures to adequately ramp production to meet our customer demand could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any addition or change in manufacturers may be extremely costly, time consuming and we may not be able to do so successfully
. Furthermore, when we introduce new products, it could take time for manufacturing to ramp production and fulfill customer demand.
In