capital. Our marketable securities investment portfolio is primarily invested in highly-rated securities, with the primary objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. We plan to continue to invest for long-term growth. We believe that our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, the timing and cost of establishing additional sales and marketing capabilities, the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings, our costs associated with supply chain activities, including access to outsourced manufacturing, our costs related to investing in or acquiring complementary or strategic businesses and technologies, the continued market acceptance of our products, stock repurchases, and capital expenditures, including the planned construction of a building for office, lab and data center space. In addition, we expect that our inventory and purchase commitments will remain volatile as we ramp new product introductions. In particular, we have increased our purchase commitments to respond to the rapid deployment of AI networks and reduce overall lead times which may increase our working capital requirements. If we require or elect to seek additional capital through debt or equity financing in the future, we may not be able to raise capital on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are required and unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected.
21
Table of Contents
Cash Flows (in millions)
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, cash provided by operating activities was $641.7 million, consisting of net income of $813.8 million, offset by a net increase of $159.7 million in working capital requirements. The increase in working capital requirements primarily consisted of an increase in accounts receivable of $295.4 million due to increased product and service billings, a $173.3 million decrease in other liabilities primarily due to timing of inventory-related receipts and payments, a $122.7 million increase in inventory and $113.7 million increase in other assets driven by increased deferred cost of sales associated with higher product revenue deferrals. These cash outflows were partly offset by a $241.3 million increase in income tax payables related to timing of payments, and an increase in deferred revenue of $297.4 million primarily resulting from an increase in customer PCS contracts and an increase in product deferred revenue related to customer contracts with acceptance terms.
During the three months ended March 31, 2024, cash