We seek to maintain an environment that is open, diverse and inclusive, and where our employees feel valued.  We believe that diverse and inclusive teams enhance individual and company performance and help us attract and retain talent. We strive to build an inclusive culture that encourages, supports and celebrates the diverse voices of our employees. As part of the Arista way, we believe in treating peers with respect, mentoring individuals and developing teams for overall success.
We are proud to be one of a few S&P 500 companies with both a female CEO and CFO.
We were also recognized by Comparably in 2024 amongst the best large companies for culture, happiness, leadership and career growth as well as compensation. 50% of our board of directors are women or underrepresented minorities. Arista also supports inclusion through mentorship opportunities for our employees which are offered through Women@Arista, one of our employee resource groups; support of numerous under-represented employee affinity organizations; and active recruiting from historically black colleges and universities, women’s colleges and Hispanic/Latinx and African-American professional societies and job fairs.
We affirm the principle of equal employment opportunity without regard to any protected characteristic, including but not limited to race, religion, national origin, color, gender, age, disability, pregnancy, marital status, ancestry, military status or sexual orientation. We practice and promote such policies in all locations as appropriate under applicable law. We affirm this principle of freedom from discrimination in all aspects of the employment relationship from recruitment and hiring, through performance evaluations, compensation and promotions. At Arista, we believe that all employees should be treated with dignity and respect.
Health and Safety
Arista is committed to protecting the health and safety of our employees, visitors, and the public. Our health and safety policy is to maintain our facilities and run our business operations in a manner that does not jeopardize the occupational health and safety of employees.  We have implemented our injury and illness prevention program to protect employees from occupational risks of injury or illness.
Compensation and Benefits
We provide competitive and comprehensive benefit packages that are designed to help and empower employees to make the best decisions for themselves, their family and their lifestyle. In the United States, we offer our employees an employee stock purchase plan, healthcare and retirement benefits, paid time off and family leave, flexible time away, family planning benefits, backup resources for childcare and elder care, and other employee assistance programs including behavioral health and emotional support assistance. In addition to base salary and benefits, Arista’s employees participate in stock and bonus incentive plans that support our organizational philosophy of allowing employees to share in