Limitations of Traditional Enterprise Data Center and Campus Networks
The introduction of large scale, highly complex, public cloud environments and the digital transformation of customer business models meant that the traditional ways of building networks were no longer adequate to meet the needs of customers for the deployment and provision of cloud applications and more recently generative AI applications. New innovations were needed to push network performance forward.
Historically, most common network designs were rigidly hierarchical, based on a 3-tiered model developed in the early days of the internet for sparse north/south traffic patterns. This model was limited in the number of devices that could be connected to a network and introduced many points of congestion as customers tried to scale the solution. As more applications move to the cloud, network connections must scale, and the increased east/west traffic must be managed without congestion.
In addition, the switches and routers used to build these tiered networks were based on proprietary, application-specific integrated circuits ("ASICs") that historically underperformed when measured against Moore’s Law, and operating systems that lacked the openness and programmability necessary to automate and effectively manage these networks. As demand for scale and performance increased, the end-user experience was degraded, operational costs increased, and the host cost-per-connection increased.
Similarly, traditional enterprise networks have been mired in complexity, proprietary features and architectures, custom ASICs, siloed designs, and fragile software offerings built up over the previous three decades. Because of this, operating a legacy network is riddled with challenges; critical outages that cause risk-averse behaviors, labor-intensive rollouts that impede business initiatives, limited visibility that prevent problem detection and isolation, and overall lack of automation and uniformity that results in inefficiency. In addition, there had historically been little or no attempt to address the needs of building and operating a network infrastructure at massive, cloud scale. As a result, as enterprises moved applications to the cloud and implemented hybrid and multi-cloud strategies, there have been insufficient solutions that could configure, deploy, automate, and manage these scaled and dispersed resources.
In the post-pandemic world, enterprise campus wired and wireless networks must cope with an ever increasing number of endpoint IoT devices and remote work locations that require users to be connected from virtually anywhere. Campus administrators have sought to address the resulting increased network complexities and bottlenecks through the adoption of a myriad of platforms, operating systems, proprietary features and network management tools. Coupled with the explosive growth of IoT and the requirement for remote workloads, the operational costs of managing these complexities