are generally deemed to be low risk based on their credit ratings from the major rating agencies. The longer the duration of these marketable securities, the more susceptible they are to changes in market interest rates and bond yields. Given the short-term and conservative nature of our portfolio, the unrealized losses are not subject to credit risk; therefore, we did not recognize any credit losses or non-credit-related impairments related to our available-for-sale marketable debt securities for the years ended December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. All unrealized losses were recognized in other comprehensive income (loss). Realized losses were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022.
The following table is an analysis of our debt securities in unrealized loss positions (in thousands):
As of December 31, 2024, we h
ad no marketable debt securities with contractual maturities that exceed
36
months.
The fair values of marketable debt securities, by remaining contractual maturities, are as follows (i
n thousands):
The weighted-average remaining duration of our marketable debt securities is approximately
1.1
years as of December 31, 2024.
Assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis
Non-Marketable Equity Securities
88
Table of Contents
We have non-marketable equity securities in privately-held companies that do not have readily-determinable fair values. Their initial cost is adjusted to fair value on a non-recurring basis based on observable price changes from orderly transactions of identical or similar securities of the same issuer, or for impairment. These investments are classified within Level III of the fair value hierarchy as we estimate the value based on valuation methods using the observable transaction price at the transaction date and other significant unobservable inputs, such as volatility, rights, and obligations related to these securities. In addition, the valuation requires management judgment due to the absence of market price and lack of liquidity.
We did
not
record any realized gains for our non-marketable equity securities during the three years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. W
e recorded
immaterial
amounts of unrealized gains, unrealized and realized losses during the three years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. The unrealized gains were recorded on investments that were re-measured to fair value as of the date observable transactions occurred. We evaluate our non-marketable equity securities for impairment at each reporting period via a qualitative assessment with various potential impairment indicators, including, but not limited to, an assessment of a significant adverse change in the economic environment, significant adverse changes in the general market condition of the geographies and industries in which our investees operate, and other publicly-available information that may affect the value of the non-marketable equity