by rapidly changing technology, changing end-customer needs, evolving industry standards, frequent introductions of new products and services, and industry consolidation. We expect competition to intensify in the future as the market for cloud networking expands and existing competitors and new market entrants introduce new products or enhance existing products. Our future success is dependent upon our ability to continue to evolve and adapt to our rapidly changing environment. We must also continue to develop market-leading products and software features that address the changing needs of our existing and new customers, and increase sales in the cloud, AI and enterprise data center Ethernet switching/routing markets, and campus workspace markets. We believe one of our greatest strengths lies in our ability to rapidly develop new features and applications. In addition, we intend to continue expanding our sales force and marketing activities in key geographies, as well as our relationships with channel, technology and system-level partners in order to reach new customers more effectively, increase sales to existing customers, and provide services and support. Furthermore, we expect to continue to make substantial investments to introduce new products and services and enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform through investments in our research and development organization, and investments in or acquisitions of complementary companies, products and technologies to expand our product offerings and build upon our technology leadership.
The expansion of generative AI computing and distributed applications is further pushing the boundary of predictable scale and performance in the network. A common characteristic of these AI workloads is that they are both data and compute intensive. A typical AI workload involves large sparse matrix computations, distributed across hundreds or thousands of processors (CPU, GPU, TPU, etc.) with intense computations for a period of time and requires a high-bandwidth, scalable, lossless network in order to service these workloads. With the exponential growth of AI applications, the need for standardized transport like Ethernet becomes paramount, enabling a power-efficient interconnect while overcoming the complexities of traditional approaches. Our AI strategy is based on achieving two key objectives: (1) deliver network switching products intended to provide a robust interconnect that seamlessly links GPUs, compute and storage to deliver fast job completion time for training and generative AI workloads; and (2) offer customers the Arista Autonomous Virtual Assist ("AVA
TM"
) which uses natural processing language to provide AI-assisted outcomes for network operations, security and observability.
Historically, large purchases by a relatively limited number of customers have accounted for a significant portion of our revenue. We have experienced unpredictability in the timing of orders from these