ARISTA NETWORKS, INC.
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity
(In thousands)
(1)
Prior period results have been adjusted to reflect the
four
-for-one stock split effected in December 2024. See Note 1, Organization and Summary of Accounting Policies, for details.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
77
ARISTA NETWORKS, INC.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(In thousands)
78
Table of Contents
ARISTA NETWORKS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
1.
Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Organization
Arista Networks, Inc. (together with our subsidiaries, “we,” “our,” "Arista," "Company" or “us”) is an industry leader in data-driven, client-to-cloud networking for large AI, data center, campus and routing environments. Our cloud networking solutions consist of our EOS, a set of network applications and our Ethernet switching and routing platforms. We are incorporated in the state of Delaware. Our corporate headquarters are located in Santa Clara, California, and we have wholly-owned subsidiaries throughout the world, including North America, Europe, Asia and Australia.
Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Arista Networks, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
On November 7, 2024, the Company announced a
four
-for-one forward stock split ("Stock Split") of the Company’s common stock that was effected through the filing of an amendment to the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ("Amendment") on December 3, 2024. The Stock Split proportionately increased the authorized shares of common stock, and all share and per share amounts presented herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the impact of the Stock Split.
Certain reclassifications of prior period amounts were made in the current year to conform to the current period presentation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Those estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, valuation of inventory and contract manufacturer/supplier liabilities, accounting for income taxes, including the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets and reserves for uncertain tax positions, revenue recognition and deferred revenue, valuation of goodwill and acquisition-related intangible assets, estimate of useful lives of long-lived assets including intangible assets, and the recognition and measurement of contingent liabilities. We