recognize it ratably over the life of the PCS contract as there is no discernible pattern of delivery related to these promises.  We do not provide unspecified upgrades on a set schedule and address customer requests for technical support if and when they arise, with the related expenses recognized as incurred. PCS contracts generally have a term of
one
to
three years
. We include billed but unearned PCS revenue in deferred revenue.
Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations
Most of our contracts with customers, other than renewals of PCS, contain multiple performance obligations with a combination of products and PCS. Products and PCS generally qualify as distinct performance obligations. Our hardware includes EOS software, which together deliver the essential functionality of our products. For contracts that contain multiple performance obligations, we allocate revenue to each distinct performance obligation based on the standalone selling price ("SSP"). Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. We use a range of amounts to estimate SSP for products and PCS sold together in a contract to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative SSP of the various products and PCS.
If we do not have an observable SSP, such as when we do not sell a product or service separately, then SSP is estimated using judgment and considering all reasonably available information such as gross margin, market conditions and information about the size and/or purchase volume of the customer. We generally use a range of amounts to estimate SSP for individual products and services based on multiple factors including, but not limited to product category, actual and expected volume, discounting policies, and customer vertical and size.
We limit the amount of revenue recognition for contracts containing forms of variable consideration, such as future performance obligations, customer-specific returns, and acceptance or refund obligations. We defer revenue recognition on customer contracts for new products or use cases, which contain customer-specified requirements that must be met prior to acceptance. We include some or all of an estimate of the related at-risk consideration in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recorded under each contract will not occur when the uncertainties surrounding the variable consideration are resolved.
Most of our contracts with customers have standard payment terms of
30
to
90
days. We have determined our contracts generally do not include a significant financing component because the Company and the customer have specific business reasons other than financing for entering into such contracts. Specifically, both we and our customers seek to ensure the customer has a simplified way of purchasing Arista products and services.
We account for multiple contracts with a single partner as one