laws have increased.
These laws also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions.  While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that none of our employees, agents, representatives, business partners or third-party intermediaries will take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible.
Any allegations or violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, fines, damages, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions, or suspension or debarment from government contracts, all of which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, and prospects. Responding to any investigation or action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management’s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees.
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock
The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile, and the value of your investment could decline.
The trading price of our common stock has historically been and is likely to continue to be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These fluctuations could
55
Table of Contents
cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. In addition, although the trading price of our common stock has increased significantly in recent years, it is uncertain to continue to increase at the same rate and it may decrease in the future. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our common stock include, but are not limited to, forward-looking statements related to future revenue, gross margins and earnings per share, changes or decreases in our growth rate, manufacturing, supply or distribution shortages or constraints, the decline in purchases from any of our large customers or the degradation in our relationships with any of our material vendors or partners, ratings changes by securities analysts, actual or anticipated announcements of new products by our company or our competitors, developments in the markets in which we operate, both in the U.S. and globally, litigation, actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of operations, regulatory developments, repurchases of our common stock, departures of key executives, the financial results or financial projections of our large customers, major catastrophic events, macroeconomic factors including changes in government administration, international trade tensions, inflation and interest rate fluctuations and other broad market