elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Overview
Arista Networks is an industry leader in data-driven, client to cloud networking for large AI, data center, campus and routing environments. Arista's platforms deliver availability, agility, automation, analytics and security through an advanced network operating stack. Since Arista’s inception, our founders have reimagined cloud networks for performance, scale and programmability with a focus on differentiating in three ways: uncompromising reliability built on the foundation of robust quality assurance capabilities with a suite of automated diagnostics, advanced open and standards-based technology and intelligent automation to decrease the manual workload on the operator. At the core of Arista’s platform is Arista EOS, a modernized publish-subscribe state-sharing networking operating system. Arista EOS, combined with a set of network applications and our Ethernet switching and routing platforms using best of breed merchant silicon, provides customers with a highly competitive and diversified portfolio of products with improved price/performance and time to market.
The Company’s current portfolio of products, services and technologies are grouped into the following categories: Core (Data Center, Cloud and AI Networking), Cognitive Adjacencies (Campus and Routing), and Cognitive Network (Software and Services). The percentage of revenue derived from these product categories during the current fiscal year was approximately 65% from Core, 18% from Cognitive Adjacencies, and 17% from Networking software and services. Our customers include companies of all sizes and span a range of industries and geographies and are grouped into the following categories: Cloud and AI Titans, Enterprise and Providers.
The percentage of revenue derived from these customers during the current fiscal year was approximately 48% from Cloud and AI Titans, 35% from Enterprise and 17% from Providers.
Historically, large purchases by a relatively limited number of customers have accounted for a significant portion of our revenue. We have experienced unpredictability in the timing of orders from these large customers primarily due to the time it takes these customers to evaluate, test, qualify and accept our newer products, the overall complexity of these large orders and changes in demand patterns specific to these customers,
including reductions in or changes in mix of capital expenditures by these customers and the impact of cost reduction and other efficiency efforts by these customers.
For example, sales to our end customer Microsoft represented 20%, 18%