units, and the employee stock purchase plan using the treasury stock method. Potential common shares whose effect would have been antidilutive are excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share.
The following table sets forth the computation of our basic and diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders, as adjusted to give effect to the Stock Split (in thousands, except per share amounts):
The following weighted-average outstanding shares of common stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders because their effects would have been anti-dilutive for the periods presented, as adjusted to give effect to the Stock Split (in thousands):
98
Table of Contents
8.
Income Taxes
The components of income before provision for income taxes are as follows (in thousands):
The components of the provision for income taxes are as follows (in thousands):
The reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate and our effective income tax rate is as follows (in percentages):
The change in our effective tax rate was due to a favorable change in state taxes and tax benefits attributable to stock-based compensation. Excess tax benefits resulting from stock awards were $
212.3
million, $
151.2
million and $
93.5
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets (liabilities) are as follows (in thousands) :
99
Table of Contents
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, $
1.4
billion and $
0.9
billion were recorded as deferred tax assets, non-current respectively. We did
not
have any balance related to deferred tax liabilities as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
As of December 31, 2024, we had $
225.1
million and $
120.6
million of net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes, respectively, from acquisitions. These federal and state losses will begin to expire in 2028 and 2029, respectively. We do not have any material foreign net operating losses.
As of December 31, 2024, our state tax credit carryforwards for income tax purposes before valuation allowances were approximately $
238.4
million, which can be carried over indefinitely. We have provided a valuation allowance of $
179.8
million for deferred tax assets, primarily related to state carryforwards that we do not believe are more likely than not to be realized.
Utilization of the net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to limitations due to ownership change limitations provided in the Internal Revenue Code and similar state or foreign provisions.
U.S. tax law generally requires U.S. shareholders of a controlled foreign corporation (“CFC”) to include the annual earnings of foreign subsidiaries into U.S. taxable income each year. Correspondingly, most of the undistributed earnings are deemed to be previously taxed for U.S. tax purposes