been reduced from their peak, we have seen and expect to continue to see a commensurate reduction in visibility to customer demand and a gradual return to shorter demand-planning horizons. Given the timing and prioritization of customer orders and shipment patterns, as well as the timing and outcome of customer trials and contracts with acceptance periods, near term revenue trends may not be reflective of current demand levels, and as discussed above will also benefit from demand/deployment plans that have been previously committed. We expect that our inventory and purchase commitments will
remain volatile as we ramp new product introductions. The magnitude of these balances, combined with a reduction in customer demand-planning horizons and shifting customer product priorities, has resulted in increased risk that we may not be able to sell all of this inventory, which in turn has resulted in additional excess and obsolete inventory and supplier liability charges. In addition, inflation pressure in our supply chain and scarcity of some materials needed to build our products have increased our cost of revenue and have impacted, and may continue to negatively impact our gross margin. These cost pressures may be increased if escalating tariff and non-tariff international trade measures continue to proliferate in or affect our supply chain. We also may not be able to pass on the full burden of the increase in trade-related costs to our customers, which could further negatively impact our gross margin. While we have seen improvements in our supply chain and manufacturing operations, any remaining or new supply chain and manufacturing related constraints could negatively impact our business in future periods.
Management continues to actively monitor the impact of macroeconomic factors on the Company's financial condition, liquidity, operations, suppliers, industry, and workforce. The extent of the impact of these factors on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frame, will depend on future developments, the impact on our customers, partners, employees, contract manufacturers and supply chain, all of which continue to evolve and are unpredictable. In addition, any continued or renewed disruption in manufacturing and supply and new or enhanced tariffs imposed by the U.S. and other countries resulting from these factors could negatively
57
impact our business. Furthermore, any prolonged economic disruptions or further deterioration in the global economy could have a negative impact on demand from our customers in future periods, particularly in the enterprise market where we are continuing to expand our penetration. Accordingly, current results and financial conditions discussed herein may not be indicative of future operating results and trends.
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2024 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2023
Revenue, Cost of