the world, including North America, Europe, Asia and Australia.
Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Arista Networks, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and have been prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) and the requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) for interim reporting.  As permitted under those rules, certain footnotes or other financial information that are normally required by GAAP can be condensed or omitted. In management’s opinion, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements and include all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair presentation of our financial information. The results for the three months ended March 31, 2025, are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for the full fiscal year. The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information and notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
Certain reclassifications of prior period amounts were made in the current year to conform to the current period presentation.
On November 7, 2024, the Company announced a
four
-for-one forward stock split ("Stock Split") of the Company’s common stock that was effected through the filing of an amendment to the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ("Amendment") on December 3, 2024. The Stock Split proportionately increased the authorized shares of common stock, and all share and per share amounts presented herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the impact of the Stock Split.
Our condensed consolidated financial statements and related financial information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related footnotes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2025.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Those estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, valuation of inventory and contract manufacturer/supplier liabilities, accounting for income taxes, including the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets and reserves for uncertain tax positions, revenue recognition and deferred revenue, valuation