our board of directors modified our repurchase program such that $500 million was immediately available for repurchase of shares of our Class A common stock, notwithstanding the amount that otherwise would have remained available during the quarter under the prior program limitation, and such limit shall be increased in future quarters by the amount of free cash flow generated in the preceding fiscal quarter, with such increases to be carried forward and remain available for future repurchases if not used (up to the total authorized amount available for repurchases). Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. Open market repurchases may be structured to occur in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18. We may also, from time to time, enter into Rule 10b-5 trading plans to facilitate repurchases of shares. The repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of our Class A common stock, has no expiration date and may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time at our discretion. See Note 6 - Equity of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information related to share repurchases.
(2) Average price paid per share includes commissions and fees associated with the repurchases under our repurchase program.
73
Table of
C
ontents
ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION
Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers
During our last fiscal quarter, the following officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), and director adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408, as follows:
On
February 28, 2025
,
Matt Stumpf
, our
Chief Financial Officer
,
terminated
a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, which was previously adopted on December 6, 2024 and intended to satisfy the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c). The terminated trading plan provided for the potential sale of up to
56,058
shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon vesting and settlement of RSUs granted to Mr. Stumpf, net of shares withheld for taxes and was scheduled to be effective until November 25, 2025, or earlier if all transactions under the trading plan were completed. On
March 7, 2025
, Mr. Stumpf,
adopted
a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan and intended to satisfy the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c). The trading plan provides for the potential sale of up to an aggregate of
4,850
shares of our Class A common stock held by Mr. Stumpf and up to
42,044
additional shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon vesting and settlement of RSUs granted to Mr. Stumpf, net of shares withheld for taxes and is scheduled to be effective until December 10, 2025, or earlier if all transactions under the trading plan were completed.
On
March 3, 2025
,
Victoria Valenzuela
, our