including risks of security breaches and incidents, and related liability and harm to our reputation. Further, AI technologies may be used in connection with certain cybersecurity attacks, resulting in heightened risks of security breaches and incidents.
In addition to our efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risks, we are working to combat misuse of our services and user data by third parties. We may not discover all such incidents or other activities, in connection with our efforts to combat misuse or otherwise, and we may be notified of such incidents or activity by users, clients, the media, or other third parties. Such incidents and activities have in the past, and may in the future, include the processing of user data or use of our systems in manners inconsistent with our terms, contracts or policies, the existence of false or undesirable user accounts, improper advertising practices, spamming, or unsecured datasets, and may also include activities that threaten people's safety, or scraping, or data harvesting. We may also be unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise remediate or respond to any such incidents effectively or in a timely manner. Any of the foregoing developments, or any reports of them occurring or the perception that any of them has occurred, could adversely affect user trust and engagement, harm our brand and reputation, require us to change our business practices, result in claims, demands, investigations, and other proceedings by private parties or governmental actors, and fines, penalties, and other liability or obligations, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad relating to cybersecurity and data protection, some of which provide a private right of action. Many jurisdictions have enacted breach notification obligations, and our agreements with certain customers or partners may require us to notify them or fulfill other obligations in the event of a security breach or incident. Affected users or government authorities could initiate legal or regulatory actions against us in connection with any actual or perceived security breaches or incidents or improper access to or disclosure or other processing of data, which has occurred in the past or may occur in the future, and which could cause us to incur significant expense and liability, distract management and technical personnel, and result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to modify our business practices and to pay fines or penalties. Such actual or perceived breaches or other incidents or our efforts to remediate these events may also
39
Table of
C
ontents
result in a decline in our active user base or engagement levels. Any of these events could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
Our insurance coverage may not extend to all types of privacy or security breaches or