incur costs to support our partner studio and employees and address related challenges. In addition, our management has spent time and attention on these and related events and will continue to monitor and assess the ongoing disruptions to our team members, our management, and our operations, each of which could potentially harm our business. We may also experience interruptions or delays in
46
Table of
C
ontents
the services they provide to us as a result of such geopolitical volatilities.
Further, we have operations in China and the continuing tension between the U.S. and China may impact our business and results of operations in the future. The U.S. government has restricted the ability to send certain products and technology to China without an export license. In many cases, these licenses are subject to a policy of denial and will not be issued. While our current products are not restricted by these controls, such controls or future restrictions could impact our business in the future. Additionally, the U.S. government also continues to add additional entities in China and other countries to restricted party lists impacting the ability of U.S. companies to engage with these entities. In addition, the Chinese government has retaliated, and may continue to retaliate, to recent changes in U.S. tariffs and export controls in ways that could indirectly impact our business..
While not currently material to the operation of our business, management and our board of directors have discussed and assessed, and will continue to discuss and assess, any risks related to international conflicts around the world, such as in Ukraine and the Middle East, as well as tension between the United States and China, including but not limited to, risks related to cybersecurity, sanctions, regulatory changes, and personnel based in affected regions to ensure we are prepared to react to new developments or further sanctions as they arise. If we are unable to promptly or properly react to new developments in these and other international regions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Our principal offices are located in Palo Alto, an area known for earthquakes and susceptible to fires, and are thus vulnerable to damage. All of our facilities are also vulnerable to damage from natural or manmade disasters, including power loss, earthquakes, fires, explosions, floods, communications failures, terrorist attacks, contagious disease outbreak (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), and similar events. If any disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business at our facilities could be impaired and we could incur significant losses, recovery from which may require substantial time and expense.
We plan to continue to consider opportunities to expand and diversify our operations through strategic acquisitions and partnerships, and we recently provided an indication of interest to the President of the United States to explore