Our actual or perceived failure to comply with these laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We receive, store, and process personal information and other data, including data relating to individuals and households, and we enable our users to share their personal information with each other and with third parties, including within our Apps. Numerous federal, state, and local laws around the world address privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use, disclosure, deletion, protection, and other processing of personal information and other data, including data relating to individuals and households, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent between jurisdictions or conflict with other obligations.
Various government and consumer agencies have called for, or sought to implement, new regulation and changes in industry practices relating to the collection and processing of information concerning consumer behavior, including by restricting certain targeted advertising practices. For example, the GDPR, which became effective in May 2018, created new individual privacy rights and imposed worldwide obligations on companies processing personal data of European Union ("EU") users, which has created a greater compliance burden for us and other companies with European users, and subjects violators to substantial monetary penalties. For example, the GDPR and other similar regulations require companies to give specific types of notice and in some cases seek consent from data subjects to collect and use their data for certain purposes, including interest-based advertising. The United Kingdom has implemented legislation that substantially implements the GDPR and which also provides for substantial monetary penalties. In June 2021, the European Commission announced a decision of “adequacy” concluding that the United Kingdom ensures an equivalent level of data protection to the GDPR, which generally permits personal data flows from the European Economic Area ("EEA") to the United Kingdom. Such adequacy decision must, however, be renewed after four years and may be modified or revoked in the interim. In October 2022, the United Kingdom announced its plans to depart from the GDPR and implement its own framework, and United Kingdom lawmakers have proposed legislation that would cause its data protection framework to deviate from the GDPR in certain respects. We cannot fully predict how United Kingdom data protection laws or regulations may develop in the medium to longer term, nor the impacts of divergent laws and guidance regarding EU and United Kingdom data protection law.
With regard to transfers to the United States of personal data from our employees and European users and other third parties, we historically relied upon the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield programs as well as standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission