consideration of $900.0 million, consisting of $400.0 million in shares of the acquirer’s common equity and $500.0 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. While the term sheet includes a binding agreement by the parties to use commercially reasonable best efforts in good faith to negotiate and finalize definitive agreements for the proposed transaction, we cannot provide assurances that such definitive agreements will be entered into on the terms included in the term sheet or at all. Further, if such definitive agreements for the proposed transaction are executed, such agreements may be subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, including regulatory approvals, and we may not be able to complete the proposed transaction or do so in a timely manner. The proposed transaction will require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management team and others throughout our organization, which could otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities, and failure to complete the proposed transaction may result in negative publicity, any of which could harm our business and cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.
Our strategic acquisitions and partnerships may expose us to tax risks.
From time to time, we have acquired and may acquire companies, assets, businesses, and technologies and we have entered into and may enter into other strategic partnerships and transactions. We face a variety of tax risks related to such transactions, including that we may be required to make tax withholdings in various jurisdictions in connection with such transactions or as part of our continuing operations following a transaction, and that the companies or businesses we acquire may cause us to alter our international tax structure or otherwise create more complexity with respect to tax matters. Additionally, while we typically include indemnification provisions in our definitive agreements related to strategic acquisitions and partnerships, these indemnification provisions may be insufficient in the event that tax liabilities are greater than expected or in areas that are not fully covered by indemnification. If we are unable to adequately predict and address such tax issues as they arise, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We have entered into strategic partnerships with mobile gaming studios, and a failure to maintain such relationships may harm our ability to launch new Apps as well as our brand and reputation.
From time to time, we have entered into strategic partnerships with mobile gaming studios in addition to those studios that are wholly-owned. We have historically allowed our strategic partner studios to continue their operations with a degree of autonomy. In certain of these transactions, we have bought games from such partner studios and entered into development agreements whereby such partner studios provide us support in