misappropriating or otherwise violating valid and enforceable third-party intellectual property. We seek to accomplish that objective by establishing intellectual property rights in and protecting those assets through a combination of registered and unregistered trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements with third parties, and other contractual measures. Though we rely in part
6
Table
of
Contents
upon these legal and contractual protections, we believe that factors, such as our unique position in the advertising ecosystem, our expertise and determination of our employees, the speed of our technological development and the functionality and flexibility of our Advertising solutions in an ever-evolving industry, are critical contributors to our success.
As of December 31, 2024, we owned the following trademarks related to the business: 58 registered trademarks in the United States, 16 pending trademark applications in the United States, as well as 400 registered trademarks in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and 31 pending trademark applications in various non-U.S. jurisdictions. We also have registered domain names for websites that we use in our business, such as www.applovin.com. As of December 31, 2024, we owned seven patents related to our Advertising solutions and four related to our Apps business.
We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would advance our business objectives and maintain our competitive position. Notwithstanding these efforts, there can be no assurance that we will adequately protect our intellectual property or that it will provide any competitive advantage. We take steps to protect our proprietary information, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, developers, and vendors, and generally limiting access to and distribution of our proprietary information. However, we cannot assure you that the steps taken by us will prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our Advertising solutions or Apps or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is difficult and time consuming. Further, our intellectual property rights may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as diligently as government agencies and private parties in the United States. See the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property” for more information regarding risks related to intellectual property.
Employees and Human Capital Resources
As of December 31, 2024, we had a total of 1,563 employees, comprised of