platforms, agencies, advertising partners, and publishers who use our Advertising solutions. Their actions may violate our contracts, policies, and applicable laws
25
Table
of
Contents
and regulations, or may otherwise put our business and reputation at risk. Demand-side platforms may be given access to personal information in order to bid on advertising inventory, and they may misappropriate and engage in unauthorized use of our information, technology or customers' data. In violation of our policies, advertisers may enable the serving of ads that contain prohibited, restricted, or inappropriate content, or content that otherwise fails to adhere to country-specific laws, rules, or regulations. We also work with advertisers that operate sports gambling apps, apps that involve real money gambling, and apps in other regulated industries and markets, each of which imposes additional regulatory requirements on these advertisers, which they may not comply with. A vast amount of publishers attempt to use our Advertising solutions, a number of which may attempt to monetize prohibited, restricted, or inappropriate content, or may engage or attempt to engage in fraudulent or other unlawful activity in violation of our policies, which in turn imposes additional operational costs to protect our platform, may trigger additional law enforcement or other inquiries, may put our reputation at risk, and may otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
The failure of these third parties to provide or maintain adequate services and technologies could result in a disruption to our business operations. Further, disruptions in the mobile application industry, or financial markets, economic downturns, and poor business decisions may adversely affect our partners and may increase their propensity to engage in fraud or other unlawful activity which could harm our business or reputation, and they may not be able to honor their obligations to us, or we may cease our arrangements with them.
Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters
We are subject to laws and regulations concerning privacy, information security, data protection, consumer protection, advertising, tracking, targeting, and protection of minors, and these laws and regulations are continually evolving. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with these laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We receive, store, and process personal information and other data, including data relating to individuals and households, and we enable our users to share their personal information with each other and with third parties, including within our Apps. Numerous federal, state, and local laws around the world address privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use, disclosure, deletion, protection, and other processing of personal information and other data, including data relating to individuals and households,