technology that optimizes the value of a publisher’s advertising inventory by running a real-time competitive auction, driving more competition, and higher returns for publishers.
•
Adjust is our measurement and analytics marketing platform which provides marketers with the visibility, insights, and data needed to scale their apps marketing and drive more informed results.
•
Wurl is our connected TV ("CTV") platform that both distributes streaming video for content companies and provides advanced advertising and publishing solutions to attract viewers and maximize revenue.
We generate our revenue from Advertising and our Apps. As more advertisers use our Advertising solutions to market and monetize their content, we gain access to more data regarding users and user engagement
1
, further strengthening our scaled distribution. As our distribution grows, we gain better insights for our AXON recommendation engine, which then further enhances the efficiency and effectiveness of our Advertising solutions. Our Apps consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over 200 free-to-play mobile games across five genres, run by ten studios, some of which we own and others that we partner with. Our studios generally focus on the development of easy to learn and play games, which appeal to a broad range of demographics, but our portfolio also includes several games for other genres.
We report our operating results through two reportable segments: Advertising and Apps. These segments align with how our Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM") allocates resources, makes operating decisions, and manages and assesses the performance of our business. For the amount of revenue derived from our two segments and other relevant data for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, as well as other additional information, see Note 14 of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
AppLovin Advertising
Our comprehensive, end-to-end Advertising solutions deliver value by helping companies scale their businesses and maximize their revenue. Specifically, our solutions enable advertisers to automate their marketing, engagement, and monetization efforts in three core ways. First, we provide marketing technology that allows advertisers to reach more of the most suitable users with personalized content in order to increase the number of users who download and engage with their content. Second, we provide advertisers with monetization and analytics technology to maximize the value of their advertising inventory
1
Adjust’s marketing platform is operated by our wholly-owned subsidiary and data generated by Adjust's services is not shared with AppLovin or incorporated into or used to optimize its recommendation engine or other technologies.
2
Table
of
Contents
by obtaining a high price for each impression. Third, we provide developers, who are often also advertisers, a set of capabilities to optimize their apps and help