computing services of $1.2 billion, with $438.9 million payable within twelve months. For additional information, see Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
As of December 31, 2024, we had non-cancelable payments related to leases of servers and networking equipment of $184.1 million, with $30.5 million payable within twelve months. For additional information, see Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
As of December 31, 2024, we had non-cancellable payments related to leases of office facilities of $51.4 million, with $16.8 million payable within twelve months. For additional information, see Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
As of December 31, 2024, we had unfunded commitments of $21.5 million related to investments in certain private equity funds, which may be called from time to time by the funds. For additional information, see Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
54
Table
of
Contents
As of December 31, 2024, we had a non-cancelable payment related to a third-party intellectual property license of $12.8 million, which was paid in January 2025.
As of December 31, 2024, we had certain contingent consideration arrangements related to our prior acquisitions, with payouts contingent on the profit or revenue generated by the relevant Apps. We do not expect these payouts to have a material impact on our cash flows.
Taxes
As of December 31, 2024, we had recorded liabilities of $60.9 million related to uncertain tax positions. Due to uncertainties in the timing of potential tax audits, the timing of the resolution of these positions is uncertain and we are unable to make a reasonable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years particularly beyond 12 months.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities revenue, expenses and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates based on assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates are inherently subject to judgment and actual results could differ materially from those estimates.
An accounting estimate is considered critical if it involves significant subjectivity and judgment, and if changes in the estimate have had or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. We believe the following estimates are subject to a greater degree of judgment and complexity and have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. For additional information on all of our significant accounting policies, see Note 2