differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to jurisdictional mix of earnings, global minimum tax, foreign tax credits, foreign derived intangible income deduction, and global intangible low-taxed income.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, there were no material changes to the Company's unrecognized tax benefits, and the Company does not expect material changes in unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months.
10.
Segments
The Company determines its operating segments based on how its chief operating decision maker ("CODM") manages the business, allocates resources, makes operating decisions and evaluates operating performance. The Company’s CODM is the Chief Executive Officer. The Company's
two
operating and reportable segments are as follows:
•
Advertising
:
Revenue is generated primarily from fees paid by advertisers for the placement of ads on mobile applications owned by Publishers.
•
Apps
:
Revenue is generated when a user of one of the Apps makes an in-app purchase ("IAP Revenue") and when clients purchase the digital advertising inventory of the Company's portfolio of Apps ("IAA Revenue").
The CODM evaluates the performance of each operating segment using revenue and segment Adjusted EBITDA. The Company defines segment Adjusted EBITDA as revenue less expenses, excluding depreciation and amortization and certain items that the Company does not believe are reflective of the operating segments’ core operations. Expenses include indirect costs that are allocated to operating segments based on a reasonable allocation methodology, which are generally related to sales and marketing activities and general and administrative overhead. Revenue and expenses exclude transactions between the Company's operating segments.
The CODM uses segment Adjusted EBITDA to allocate resources during the annual budgeting and forecasting process. The CODM considers segment Adjusted EBITDA when making decisions on operating and capital resource allocation. Additionally, the CODM uses segment Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate operating strategy and assess segment performance by comparing the results of each segment.
The CODM does not evaluate operating segments using asset information, and, accordingly, the Company does not report asset information by segment.
16
Table of
C
ontents
The following table provides information about the Company's reportable segments and a reconciliation of the total segment Adjusted EBITDA to income before income taxes (in thousands):
1
Other segment items for the Advertising reportable segment include professional services costs, facilities costs, advertising costs, software costs, and other individually insignificant costs.
2
Other segment items for the Apps reportable segment include personnel related expenses, data center costs, facilities costs, software costs, and other individually insignificant costs.
11.
Debt
In March 2025, the Company borrowed $
200.0
million under its revolving credit facility pursuant to