During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized total contingent consideration of $
12.6
million and $
52.2
million, respectively, related to asset acquisitions closed in 2021 and prior. There were no other asset acquisitions during the periods presented.
Divestitures
—The Company classifies assets as held for sale when management commits to a formal plan to actively market the assets at a reasonable price relative to fair value, the assets are available for immediate sale in their current condition, an active program to locate a buyer and complete the transaction has been initiated, the sale is expected to be completed within one year, with no significant changes anticipated to the plan. Once designated as held for sale, the Company records the assets at the lower of their carrying value or estimated fair value, less costs to sell, ceases depreciation and amortization, and reassesses their fair value each reporting period until disposal.
70
Table
of
Contents
As part of its operational optimization initiatives within the Apps segment, the Company sold certain non-strategic assets for $
44.0
million during the year ended December 31, 2022. In connection with these sales, the Company recorded a total loss of $
127.9
million, including a
$
53.0
million
impairment charge for assets classified as held for sale during 2022. There were no material divestitures during the years ended December 31, 2024 or 2023.
Services and Development Agreements
—The Company enters into strategic agreements with third-party mobile gaming studios. The Company has historically allowed these studios to continue their operations with a significant degree of autonomy. In some cases, the Company bought Apps from these studios and entered into service and development agreements whereby these studios provide support in improving existing Apps and developing new Apps. The majority of payments associated with service agreements for existing Apps are expensed to research and development when the services are rendered as the payments primarily relate to developing enhancements for the Apps. Payments for new Apps associated with development agreements are generally made in connection with the development of a particular App, and therefore, the Company is subject to development risk prior to the release of the App. Accordingly, payments that are due prior to completion of an App are generally expensed to research and development over the development period as the services are incurred.
Software Development Costs
—The Company incurs development costs related to internal-use software and Apps. Development costs meet the criteria for capitalization once the preliminary project stage is complete and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended.
S
oftware development costs that meet the capitalization criteria were not material for any period presented.
Goodwill
—The Company allocates goodwill to