Board (the "FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2023-09,
Income Taxes: Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
, which requires disaggregation of rate reconciliation categories and income taxes paid by jurisdiction. The amendments will be
9
Table of
C
ontents
effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. The amendments may be applied prospectively or retrospectively, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating this ASU to determine its impact on the Company's disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03,
Income Statement: Reporting Comprehensive Income-Expense Disaggregation Disclosures
, which requires disaggregated disclosures, in the notes to the financial statements, of certain categories of expenses that are included in expense line items on the face of the income statement. The amendments will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027. The amendments may be applied prospectively or retrospectively, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating this ASU to determine its impact on the Company's disclosures.
2.
Revenue
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
The Company generates Advertising and Apps Revenue. Advertising Revenue is generated primarily from fees collected from advertisers including advertising networks who use the Advertising solutions. Apps Revenue consists of in-app purchase revenue ("IAP Revenue") generated from in-app purchases made by users within the Company’s apps (“Apps”), and in-app advertising revenue ("IAA Revenue") generated from third-party advertisers that purchase ad inventory from Apps.
Advertising Revenue
The vast majority of the Advertising Revenue is generated through AppDiscovery and MAX, which provide the technology to match advertisers and owners of digital advertising inventory (“Publishers”) via auctions at large scale and microsecond-level speeds. The terms for all mobile advertising arrangements are governed by the Company’s terms and conditions and generally stipulate payment terms of 30 days subsequent to the end of the month. Substantially all of the Company's contracts with customers are fully cancelable at any time or upon a short notice.
The Company’s performance obligation is to provide customers with access to the Advertising solutions, which facilitates the advertiser’s purchase of ad inventory from Publishers. The Company does not control the ad inventory prior to its transfer to the advertiser, because the Company does not have the substantive ability to direct the use of nor obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the ad inventory. The Company is not primarily responsible for fulfillment. The Company is an agent as it relates to the sale of third-party advertising inventory and presents revenue on a net basis. The transaction price is the product of either the number of completions of agreed upon actions