Chen or KKR Denali is no longer party to the Voting Agreement, all shares of Class B common stock subject to the Voting Agreement will be voted by the mutual decision of the remaining parties, or, if the parties disagree, the shares of Class B common stock will be voted by each party in their own discretion.
One share of Class B common stock is convertible into one share of Class A common stock voluntarily at any time by the holder, and will convert automatically into
one
share of Class A common stock upon (1) certain transfers or (2) the date set by the Company's board of directors, between
61
days and
180
days following the date on which (i) the Voting Agreement is terminated or (ii) Adam Foroughi is no longer involved with the Company as a member of the Board or as an executive officer. After the conversion or exchange of all outstanding shares of the Company’s Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock, all outstanding shares of Class C common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis at the date or time determined by a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock, voting as a separate class.
In 2024, KKR Denali, who previously owned more than 10% of the Company's voting interests, converted its remaining shares of Class B common stock into Class A common stock and subsequently sold all such shares. As a result, as of December 31, 2024, KKR Denali was no longer a party to the Voting Agreement. See Note 16 - Related Party Transactions for additional information.
Stock Repurchase Program
In February 2022, the Company's board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program for the Company's Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2023, $
2.2
million remained available for repurchases under the program. During 2024, the Company repurchased and retired
16,081,408
shares of Class A common stock for a total cost of $
981.3
million, including commissions and fees, and the board authorized an additional $
3.3
billion for repurchases under the program. As of December 31, 2024, $
2.3
billion remained available for repurchases under the program.
Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. Open market repurchases may be structured to occur in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). The Company may also, from time to time, enter into Rule 10b-5 trading plans, to facilitate repurchases of shares. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of Class A common stock, has no expiration date and may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time at the Company's discretion.
The Company retires its Class A common stock upon repurchases, and records the excess of repurchase price over par value for shares