to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate potential impairment. Similarly, we evaluate intangible assets for impairment at the asset group level whenever indications suggest that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. These impairment assessments involve both qualitative and quantitative evaluations.
The qualitative evaluation considers factors such as financial performance, macroeconomic conditions, industry trends, and other relevant events that may impact an reporting unit or asset group. If qualitative assessments suggest a potential impairment, we proceed with a quantitative assessment, which involves significant estimates and assumptions including projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, economic and market conditions, and appropriate market comparables, among others. Additionally, we apply judgment and assumptions in allocating shared assets and liabilities to determine the carrying values of each reporting unit or asset group. Furthermore, we review and reassess the estimated remaining useful lives of intangible assets if significant events or changes in circumstances indicate a need to revise the remaining amortization periods.
Stock-Based Compensation
We measure and recognize stock-based compensation expense for share-based awards, primarily including restricted stock units ("RSUs"), performance-based RSUs with both service and market-based conditions, stock options and stock purchase rights granted under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, based on the grant-date fair value of the awards. To estimate the grant-date fair value, we may use different valuation models such as the Black-Scholes option valuation model or the Monte Carlo valuation model that require various assumptions including, among others, the expected stock price volatility, the risk-free interest rate, the expected dividend yield, the discount for awards subject to post-vesting restrictions.
Income Taxes
We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, we consider all