that it would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be made to reduce the provision for income taxes. The Company presents deferred tax assets and liabilities on a net basis by jurisdictional filing group. Net deferred tax assets are included in other assets, while net deferred tax liabilities are included in other non-current liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.
The Company records uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step process in which determinations are made (1) whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position; and (2) for those tax positions that meet the more- likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than
50
% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with a tax authority.
The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Accrued interest and penalties are included on the related tax liability line in the consolidated balance sheets.
Foreign Currency Transactions
—Generally, the functional currency of the Company's international subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. In cases where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, the Company translates the financial statements of these subsidiaries to U.S. dollars using the exchange rate at the balance sheet date for assets and liabilities, and average exchange rates during the period for revenue and expenses. The Company records translation gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a component of stockholders’ equity. The Company reflects foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion of the transaction currency to functional currency as a component of other income (expense), net.
Comprehensive Income (Loss)
—Comprehensive income (loss) is composed of net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) consists of foreign currency translation adjustments.
Net Income (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders
—Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders is computed under the two-class method required for participating securities. The Company considers options exercised by non-recourse promissory notes, early exercised unvested stock options, and common stock subject to certain share repurchase agreements to be participating securities. Under the two-class method, the net loss attributable to common stockholders is not allocated to participating securities as the holders of these instruments do not have a contractual obligation to share in the Company’s losses. Net income is attributed to common stockholders and participating securities