integrate certain product features of the MoPub platform into MAX, the Company's own in-app mediation platform, and migrate publishers and demand partners from the MoPub platform to MAX. The Company accounted for the acquisition as a business combination. Transaction costs incurred by the Company in connection with the acquisition, including professional fees, were $
14.4
million.
The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase consideration to the fair value of the assets acquired (in thousands):
The income approach was used to determine the fair value of the advertiser relationships, publisher relationships, developed technology and tradename. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the preliminary fair value of identifiable assets acquired at the acquisition date and is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time of the acquisition. For tax purposes, an estimated tax deductible goodwill of $
645.1
million was generated as a result of this acquisition.
No
liabilities were assumed in the transaction.
Contemporaneously with the signing of the asset purchase agreement, the Company entered into an agreement for Twitter, Inc. to provide certain transitional services to facilitate the migration of publishers and demand partners to MAX during a three-month transitional period following the closing of the transaction (the "TSA"). The Company accounted for the TSA as a transaction separate from the business combination since it was negotiated primarily for the benefit of the Company. In the first quarter of 2022, the Company recognized total expense of $
7.0
million related to the transitional services, which was included primarily in cost of revenue in the Company's consolidated statement of operations.
Due to the significant integration of the MoPub business with MAX, it was impractical to determine the impact of the acquired business on revenue or earnings.
See Pro forma results of operations below under "Supplemental Pro Forma Information".
Supplemental Pro Forma Information
The unaudited supplemental pro forma information below presents the combined historical results of operations of the Company, the MoPub Business and Wurl for the period presented as if the MoPub business and Wurl had been acquired as of January 1, 2021 (in thousands):
The unaudited supplemental pro forma information above includes the following adjustments to net loss in the appropriate pro forma periods (in thousands):
76
Table
of
Contents
The unaudited supplemental pro forma information has been presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of results of operations that would have been achieved had the acquisitions taken place on the date indicated, or of the Company's future consolidated results of operations. The supplemental pro forma information presented above has been derived from the Company's historical consolidated financial statements and from the historical