conducted outside the U.S. must be capitalized and amortized over a 15-year period. In addition, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the "IRA"), enacted in August 2022, imposed a one-percent non-deductible excise tax on repurchases of stock that are made by U.S. publicly traded corporations on or after January 1, 2023, which may affect our share repurchase program. The IRA also imposes a 15% minimum tax on global adjusted financial statement income for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022 for certain large companies. Finally, a number of other countries and organizations such as the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, have enacted changes to existing tax laws or new laws that could impact our tax obligations, including a framework that imposes a 15% global minimum tax, which has been implemented into the domestic laws of some jurisdictions in the European Union, effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 31, 2023. These or other new rules could result in double taxation of our international earnings. Any significant changes to our future effective tax rate could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.
Our tax obligations are based in part on our corporate operating structure and intercompany arrangements, including the manner in which we develop, value, manage, and use our intellectual property and the valuation of our intercompany transactions. The tax laws applicable to our business, including the laws of the United States and other jurisdictions, are subject to interpretation and certain jurisdictions are aggressively interpreting their laws in new ways in an effort to raise additional tax revenue. Our existing corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been implemented in a manner we believe is in compliance with current prevailing tax laws. However, the taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, which could impact our worldwide effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, changes to our corporate structure and intercompany agreements, including through future acquisitions or divestitures, in addition to changes in domestic or international tax laws (such as the proposed 15% global minimum tax, which has been implemented into the domestic laws of some jurisdictions) could impact our worldwide effective tax rate and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
In addition, we are subject to federal, state, and local taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and our worldwide provision for (benefit from) taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many activities and transactions for which the