also includes covenants restricting debt, liens, business mergers, dissolutions, investments, dividends, asset disposals, and affiliate transactions, along with default provisions covering payment failures, cross-defaults, change of control, judgments, and bankruptcy. In case of default, lenders may demand immediate repayment and enforce other remedies provided under the agreement. The Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants at all times.
In March 2024, the Company drew $
418.7
million from the revolving credit facility to fund certain share repurchases and subsequently repaid the entire outstanding amount of $
603.7
million.
Upon executing the 2024 Credit Agreement, the Company used the proceeds from the issuance of the Senior Notes to repay the entire remaining $
3.5
billion principal amount on both term loans under the 2018 Credit Agreement and terminated the secured revolving credit facility under the 2018 Credit Agreement, which had no outstanding balance. The Company recognized a $
27.7
million loss on extinguishment of the term loans, while the modification to the revolving credit facility had no material impact on the Company's consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Interest Expense on Debt
The following table sets forth total interest expense recognized related to the Company’s debt (in thousands):
The table above includes interest expense related to the revolving credit facilities of $
7.5
million, $
6.5
million, and $
0.1
million during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
80
Table
of
Contents
10.
Equity
Preferred Stock
The Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series. The Company's board of directors is authorized to determine the designation, powers, preferences, and rights of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions.
Common Stock
The Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock (collectively referred to as the “Common Stock”). The rights of the holders of the Common Stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion.
Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share, each share of Class B common stock is entitled to
20
votes per share, and Class C common stock is not entitled to vote, except as otherwise required by law. The holders of the Class B common stock (the “Voting Agreement Parties”) have entered into a voting agreement (the “Voting Agreement”), which provides that all shares of Class B common stock held by the Voting Agreement Parties and their respective permitted entities and permitted transferees will be voted as determined by two of Adam Foroughi, Herald Chen, and KKR Denali Holdings L.P.(“KKR Denali”) (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi). In the event that Mr.