reporting units based on the expected benefit from the business combination. In the event of changes in reporting units, the Company reassigns goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. The Company tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired.
A goodwill impairment is recognized for the amount that the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
No
goodwill impairment was recorded for any period presented.
Intangible Assets
—Intangible assets are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The Company determines the appropriate useful life of its intangible assets based on their expected cash flows.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
—The Company reviews long-lived assets that are held and used for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. If such indicators are present, the Company assesses the recoverability of the asset or asset group by comparing its carrying value to the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If the future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset or asset group, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying value of the asset or asset group exceeds its estimated fair value.
There was
no
impairment related to long-lived assets that are held and used for any period presented.
Cost of Revenue
—Cost of revenue consists primarily of payment processing fees related to IAP Revenue, amortization of intangible assets related to acquired technology and Apps, amortization of
finance lease right-of-use assets related to servers and networking equipment
and data center costs related primarily to third-party cloud computing services.
Sales and Marketing
—Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of user acquisition costs, amortization of acquired customer-related intangible assets, and personnel-related expenses. User acquisition costs, representing substantially all of advertising costs, are expensed as incurred. User acquisition costs were $
521.5
million, $
539.4
million, and $
665.9
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Research and Development
—Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses and third-party costs for development of Apps.
General and Administrative
—General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses of the Company’s finance, accounting, legal, human resources, and other administrative functions, third-party professional service costs, software, facilities costs and other administrative costs.
Stock-