for many reasons, including our ability to identify suitable targets, increasing competition from other potential acquirers, the effects of consolidation in our industries, potentially high valuations of acquisition candidates, and the availability of financing to complete larger acquisitions. Even if we do complete any such transactions, we may incur significant costs, such as professional service fees or publisher bonuses. Further, completing larger acquisitions or other strategic transactions can involve significantly more risk in that such transactions involve complicated integrations and require significant management attention to complete, and these large strategic transactions could introduce additional exposure to regulatory and compliance risk. In addition, applicable antitrust laws and other regulations may limit our ability to acquire targets, particularly larger targets, or force us to divest an acquired business. If we are unable to identify suitable targets or complete acquisitions, or if such acquisitions lead to heightened regulatory or compliance risk, our growth prospects could be adversely affected, and we may not be able to realize sufficient scale and technological advantages to compete effectively in all markets.
To complete large strategic transactions, we may need to spend significant amounts of cash, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, or which could lead us to incur additional debt (and increased interest expense), assume contingent liabilities or amortization expenses related to intangible assets, or write-offs of goodwill and intangible assets. In addition, we may need to issue significant amounts of equity or equity-linked consideration, which may dilute our current stockholders’ ownership and could adversely affect the price of our Class A common stock. Further, we generally devote more time and resources towards performing diligence on larger transactions and may be required to devote more resources towards regulatory requirements in connection with such transactions. To the extent that we do not perform sufficient diligence on a larger acquisition or such a transaction does not generate the expected benefits, our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be harmed, and to a greater extent than would occur with a smaller transaction.
Absent such strategic transactions, we would need to undertake additional development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to fund and undertake such additional efforts on our own, we may need to obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which may not be available to our company on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to do any of the foregoing, we may not be able to develop our Advertising solutions and Apps effectively or achieve our expected product roadmap on a timely basis, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
The benefits of a