successfully integrate high quality mobile app companies or technologies;
•
retain and motivate talented and experienced developers and other key personnel from such acquisitions and investments; and
•
optimize the value of our Apps portfolio, including actions we may take that reduce Apps Revenue in order to seek higher margins and the effects of the review on morale and personnel.
52
Table of
C
ontents
These and other uncertainties make it difficult to know whether we will succeed in continuing to develop and launch new Apps. Even if successful, certain genres of mobile apps, such as casual games, may have a relatively short lifespan. Further, as our Apps expand into additional genres of mobile games or additional categories of mobile apps, we will face risks as well as market, legal, and regulatory challenges specific to those genres or categories. For example, in mid-core games, there is typically a higher upfront investment prior to the launch of a game compared to casual games, which means publishing a new game in that genre will expose us to greater risks as our financial condition and results of operations will be more significantly adversely affected to the extent such a game does not become popular and commercially successful. If we are not successful in launching new mobile games or expanding into other genres of mobile games or categories of mobile apps, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
If we fail to retain existing users or add new users cost-effectively, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with Apps, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
The size of our user base and the level of user engagement with our Apps are critical to our success. Our results of operations have been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in acquiring and engaging App users. We expect that the number of our App users may fluctuate or decline as a result of apps divestitures or other actions we have taken in connection with our review of our Apps portfolio, or in one or more markets from time to time, particularly in markets where we have achieved higher penetration rates or where the macroeconomic conditions have been negatively impacted. For example, we have reduced our user acquisition spend for our portfolio of Apps as we increased our desired return goals, which has contributed to a decline in MAPs compared to periods before such adjustments. In addition, if people do not perceive our Apps as useful or entertaining, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement, which could harm our revenue. A number of mobile apps that achieved early popularity have since seen their user bases or user engagement levels decline. There is no guarantee that we will not experience a similar erosion of our App users or user engagement levels. Our user