facility, net of $6.3 million in outstanding letters of credit. We repaid $100.0 million of the outstanding borrowings in April 2025 and the remaining $100.0 million in May 2025.
Stock Repurchase Program
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we repurchased 2,931,609 shares of Class A common stock for an aggregate amount, including commissions and fees, of $1.0 billion. As of March 31, 2025, $1.3 billion remained available for repurchases under the program. In February 2025, our Board modified our stock repurchase program such that $500 million was immediately available for repurchase of shares of our Class A common stock, notwithstanding the amount that otherwise would have remained available during the quarter under the prior program limitation, and such limit shall be increased in future quarters by the amount of free cash flow generated in the preceding fiscal quarter, with such increases to be carried forward and remain available for future repurchases if not used (up to the total authorized amount available for repurchases). Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. For additional information, see Note 6 – Equity of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Contractual Obligations
Except for scheduled payments from the ongoing business, there were no other material changes to our commitments under contractual obligations since December 31, 2024. For additional information, see Note 4 – Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets liabilities revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates based on assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates are inherently subject to judgment and actual results could differ materially from those estimates.
An accounting estimate is considered critical if it involves significant subjectivity and judgment, and if changes in the estimate have had or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
There have been no material changes to our critical accounting estimates during the three months ended March 31, 2025, as compared to those disclosed in our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
31
Table of
C
ontents
2024. For additional information on all of our