assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2
—Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable either directly or indirectly.
Level 3
—Unobservable inputs of which there is little or no market data, which require the Company to develop its own assumptions.
Concentration of Credit Risk and Uncertainties
—The Company’s financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, and accounts receivable. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents with large, reputable financial institutions in amounts which exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits.
The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally requires no collateral for its accounts receivable.
No individual customer represented 10% or more of the Company’s accounts receivable, net as of December 31, 2024 or 2023.
The Company also uses various distribution partners to collect payments for
IAPs made by users within Apps
. No individual distribution partner represented 10% or more of the Company's accounts receivable, net as of December 31, 2024 or
69
Table
of
Contents
2023. No individual customer represented 10% or more of the Company’s total revenue during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, or 2022.
Property and Equipment, net
—Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which is as follows:
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations in the period realized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred.
Leases
—
Leases consist primarily of operating leases for office facilities and finance leases for servers and networking equipment. The Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception.
The Company accounts for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component and does not recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less. Payments under the Company's lease arrangements are primarily fixed, however, certain lease agreements contain variable payments, primarily including common-area maintenance, utilities, taxes or other operating costs, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the lease right-of-use assets and liabilities.
Operating and finance lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Lease payments consist primarily of the fixed payments under the arrangement, less any lease incentives. The Company generally uses an incremental borrowing rate estimated based on the information available at the lease commencement date or on the date of lease modification, if