financial condition, and results of operations.
Our business depends in part on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption to our Advertising solutions or Apps could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of engagement, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our reputation and ability to attract and retain our clients and users depends in part on the reliable performance of our Advertising solutions and Apps. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our offerings from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed or may not operate with the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. If our offerings are unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as expected, users may not use our offerings as often in the future, or at all, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. As we continue to grow, we will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power,
17
Table
of
Contents
to continue to satisfy our needs and the needs of our clients and users. It is possible that we may fail to continue to effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands, which may adversely affect our user engagement and revenue growth. Additionally, we rely on certain third-party providers for our increasing network capacity and computing power needs, and if we fail to properly anticipate our needs or secure sufficient capacity at a reasonable cost, our ability to scale and grow our business, or our profitability, could be negatively impacted. Our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from natural disasters and other events outside of our control that impact us or these third-party providers. If such an event were to occur, users may be subject to service disruptions or outages and we may not be able to recover our technical infrastructure and user data in a timely manner to restart or provide our services. If we fail to efficiently scale and manage our infrastructure, or if events disrupt our infrastructure or those of our third-party providers, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Our revenue has been concentrated in the mobile app ecosystem and any failure to successfully expand and diversify our revenue sources beyond the mobile ecosystem could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We face concentration risk in that our Advertising solutions and Apps operate in the mobile app ecosystem and specifically mobile gaming. As such, our business depends, in part, on the continued health and growth of these app ecosystems. Further, a