political, economic, macro-economic climate and social instability, including impacts related to labor, supply chain disruptions, inflation, and as a result of war, terrorism, or armed conflict, including international conflicts around the world, such as between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, as well as, increasing friction between the United States and China and the impacts on their respective regions and the regional and global economy;
•
public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which can result in varying impacts to our employees, clients, users, advertisers, app developers, and business partners internationally;
•
higher costs associated with doing business internationally, including costs related to local advisors;
•
export or import regulations; and
•
trade and tariff restrictions.
Our ability to successfully gain market acceptance in any particular international market is uncertain and, in the past, we have experienced difficulties and have not been successful in all the countries we have entered. If we are unable to continue to expand internationally or manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We have experienced significant growth through strategic acquisitions and partnerships, and we face risks related to the integration of such acquisitions and the management of such growth.
As part of our growth strategy, we have frequently acquired companies, businesses, personnel, and technologies, and we intend to continue to evaluate and pursue strategic acquisitions and partnerships. For example, we acquired Adjust GmbH in April 2021, Twitter's MoPub business in January 2022 and Wurl, Inc. in April 2022. Each acquisition requires unique approaches to integration due to, among other reasons, the structure of the acquisition, the size, locations, and cultural differences among their team and ours, and has required, and will continue to require, attention from our management team. As we continue to grow, the size of our acquisitions and investments has increased and may continue to increase. In addition to the larger purchase prices associated with such acquisitions and investments, larger acquisitions and investments may also require additional management resources to integrate more significant and often more complex businesses into our company. We will continue to
20
Table
of
Contents
explore and evaluate additional acquisitions, some of which may be the same size or even larger in scale and investment than our recent acquisitions.
Our future success depends in part on our ability to integrate these acquisitions and manage these businesses, partnerships, and transactions effectively. If we are unable to obtain the anticipated benefits or synergies of such acquisitions, or we encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses with ours, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be