rather than a simple fixed price per impression or per action (click or installation). Advertisers are not only able to attract users that download, but also find a high volume of users that stay and engage with their apps for greater retention and ultimately, increased opportunities for better monetization. Revenue from AppDiscovery comprises a vast majority of our Advertising Revenue.
With AppDiscovery, advertisers can define the framework of their campaigns in the following ways:
•
Reach:
Advertisers identify what they are willing to pay to acquire their target users. Our technology finds the users at that value who are most likely to download and engage with the app.
•
Global scale:
Advertisers can choose to connect with users in different regions around the world, and our technology suggests the best locations based on their parameters.
2
We calculate daily active users as the average number of unique device identities that open a mobile app (whether that mobile app our own or a third party’s) which has our software development kit (SDK) on each day in a period. We measure this figure through our SDK. An individual who uses an app in more than one country on a particular day will be counted as more than one unique device identity; however, if an individual uses more than one app in the same day, such individual is only counted once. This figure does not include any users who have opted out of allowing apps to track on their mobile phone
.
3
Table
of
Contents
•
Retain and engage:
Our system is built around optimizing to the advertisers revenue so our algorithms automatically adjust based on the likelihood users will engage. Our clients can analyze by retention periods from initial app download onwards, so that advertisers understand the effectiveness of their marketing investments.
•
Targeted returns:
Advertisers set their goals and target return on ad sales and our algorithms adjust cost and campaign specifics to meet them.
AppDiscovery includes the following features:
•
Advanced campaign management:
An interface to create, manage, and automatically optimize campaigns based on return on ad sales goals.
•
Real-time analytics:
An interface to see results and optimize against them with our ROI-based analytics environment.
•
Lifetime Value ("LTV") reporting:
A tool that breaks down campaign results by source and location, allowing advertisers to make real-time, informed decisions about the value and longevity of their campaigns.
•
High quality and quantity creatives:
Advertisers can make and test as many creatives as needed. They also have access to our in-house creative team, SparkLabs, for expert ad creation and testing strategies.
MAX
MAX is our in-app bidding solution that optimizes the value of publishers' advertising inventory by running a single unbiased, real-time competitive auction, driving more competition and higher returns for publishers. MAX auctions are more effective than historical tools and approaches because MAX yields more