Apps, as we continue to operate our AI-powered advertising engine AXON, and as our operations continue to expand internationally, our compliance requirements and costs may increase and we may be subject to increased regulatory scrutiny.
Data Privacy and Security Laws
The data we collect and otherwise process is integral to our Advertising solutions and Apps, providing us with insights to improve our AI-powered advertising engine AXON and our developer tools, to optimize app discovery and monetization and to improve our Apps. Our collection, use, receipt, and other processing of data in our business subjects us to numerous U.S. state and federal laws and regulations, and foreign laws and regulations, addressing privacy, data protection and the collection, storing, sharing, use, transfer, disclosure, protection and processing of certain types of data. Such regulations include, for example, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act, and the California Consumer Privacy Act and similar U.S. state laws. We work to comply with, and to help allow developers and advertising ecosystem partners to comply with, applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and information security. This helps underpin our strategy of building trust and providing a strong
7
Table
of
Contents
experience to advertising ecosystem partners and clients. See the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters—We are subject to laws and regulations concerning privacy, information security, data protection, consumer protection, advertising, tracking, targeting, and protection of minors, and these laws and regulations are continually evolving. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with these laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations” for additional information about our approach to laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security.
Corporate Information
We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in July 2011. Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304, and our telephone number is (800) 839-9646. Our website address is www.applovin.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and inclusions of our website address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are inactive textual references only. You should not consider information contained on our website to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in deciding whether to purchase shares of our Class A common stock.
“AppLovin,” our logo, and our other registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of AppLovin Corporation. Other trademarks and trade