EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework ("EU-U.S. DPF"). On July 10, 2023, the European Commission adopted an adequacy decision in relation to the EU-U.S. DPF, allowing it to be used to legitimize EU-U.S. personal data transfers for participating entities. The United Kingdom and U.S. also have established a UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (the "UK Extension"), effective October 12, 2023, whereby entities participating in the EU-U.S. DPF may rely upon the UK Extension to legitimize United Kingdom-U.S. personal data transfers. Further, on July 17, 2023, the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”), which provides for a means of legitimizing personal data transfers from Switzerland to the U.S., entered into effect. We are self-certified under the EU-U.S. DPF, Swiss-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension. The EU-U.S. DPF, has faced legal challenge, and it and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and UK Extension may be subject to further legal challenges. The European Commission's adequacy decision regarding the EU-U.S. DPF provides that the EU-U.S. DPF will be subject to future reviews and may be subject to suspension, amendment, repeal, or limitations to its scope by the European Commission. The SCCs and other cross-border data transfer mechanisms may also be
26
Table
of
Contents
the subject of additional legislative activity and regulatory guidance. We and many other companies may need to implement different or additional measures to establish or maintain legitimate means for the transfer and receipt of personal data from the EEA, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or other jurisdictions to the United States, and we may, in addition to other impacts, experience additional costs associated with increased compliance burdens, and we and our clients face the potential for regulators to apply different standards to the transfer of personal data from various jurisdictions to the United States and to block, or require ad hoc verification of measures taken with respect to, certain data flows. We also may find it necessary to engage in contract negotiations with third parties that aid in processing data on our behalf to address cross-border data transfer matters. We may not be able to find alternative service providers, which could limit our ability to process personal data from impacted jurisdictions and increase our costs and/or impact our Advertising solutions Apps, or other offerings. We and our clients may face a risk of enforcement actions by data protection authorities relating to personal data transfers. Any such enforcement actions could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, distract management and technical personnel, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Similar to the GDPR, in September 2020, Brazil enacted the Brazilian General Data Protection Law. China has enacted a new data privacy law known as PIPL, effective November 1, 2021, which adopts a stringent data transfer regime requiring, among other