by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing or potential clients with global operations. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products in major international markets could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our effective tax rates, business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We are subject to tax laws, regulations, and rulings in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Changes in tax laws or tax rulings, or changes in interpretations of existing laws, in the tax regimes that we are subject to or operate under could cause us to be subject to additional income-based taxes and non-income taxes (such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, digital services, net worth, property, and goods and services taxes), which in turn could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For example, beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 requires U.S. research and experimental expenditures to be capitalized and amortized ratably over a five-year period. Any such expenditures attributable to research conducted outside the U.S. must be capitalized and amortized over a 15-year period. In addition, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the "IRA"), enacted in August 2022, imposed a one-percent non-deductible excise tax on repurchases of stock that are made by U.S. publicly traded corporations on or after January 1, 2023, which may affect our share repurchase program. The IRA also imposes a 15% minimum tax on global adjusted financial statement income for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022 for certain large companies. Finally, a number of other countries and organizations, such as the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, have enacted changes to existing tax laws or new laws that could impact our tax obligations, including a framework that imposes a 15% global minimum tax, which has been implemented into the domestic laws of some jurisdictions in the European Union, among other jurisdictions, and is being considered for implementation by other countries. These or other new rules could result in double taxation of our international earnings. Any significant changes to our future effective tax rate could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.
Our tax obligations are based in part on our corporate operating structure and intercompany arrangements, including the manner in which we develop, value, manage, and use our intellectual property and the valuation of our intercompany transactions. The tax laws applicable to our business, including the laws of the United States and other jurisdictions, are subject to interpretation and certain jurisdictions are aggressively interpreting their laws in new ways in an