third-party platform providers, and the degree to which users opt in or opt out of certain types of ad targeting as a result of changes and controls implemented in connection with such policy changes and with the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR"), ePrivacy Directive, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the "CCPA") as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (the "CPRA"), similar U.S. privacy laws in other states, and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (the "COPPA");
•
decisions by clients to reduce their advertising due to concerns about legal liability or uncertainty regarding their own legal and compliance obligations, or due to negative publicity, regardless of its accuracy, involving us, our user data practices, advertising metrics or tools, our Advertising solutions or Apps, or other companies in our industry; and
•
the impact of macroeconomic conditions, inflation, high interest rates, uncertainty in the global banking and financial services markets, political uncertainty and international conflicts around the world, such as in Ukraine and the Middle East, as well as, friction between the United States and China, and responses thereto, and seasonality, whether in the advertising industry in general, or among specific types of advertisers or within particular geographies.
From time to time, certain of these factors have adversely affected our revenue to varying degrees. The occurrence of any of these or other factors in the future could result in a reduction in demand for our Advertising solutions and use of our Apps, which may reduce the prices we receive for our advertisements or cause clients to stop advertising with us altogether, either of which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. The failure to attract new clients, loss of clients, or reduction in spending by clients could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
15
Table
of
Contents
The advertising ecosystem and mobile gaming are intensely competitive. If clients or users prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We face significant competition in the advertising ecosystem and in mobile gaming. We offer a suite of solutions for advertisers to get their content discovered and downloaded by the right users, optimize return on marketing spend, and maximize the monetization of their engagement. We collect revenue from clients for fees paid by advertisers, including developers, that use our Advertising solutions and from the sale of advertising inventory of our Apps. Advertisers often engage with several advertising platforms and networks to purchase advertisements and developers often engage with multiple tools to market and monetize their apps. Accordingly, we face significant competition from traditional, online, and mobile businesses that provide ad networks and platforms, mobile