depend largely upon our marketing efforts and our ability to successfully differentiate our Advertising solutions from the offerings of our competitors. In addition, successfully globalizing and extending our brand requires significant investment and extensive management time. If we fail to maintain and increase brand awareness and recognition of our Advertising solutions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Third parties with whom we do business may be unable to honor their obligations to us or their actions may put us at risk.
We rely on third parties for various aspects of our business, including demand-side platforms, agencies, advertising partners, and publishers who use our Advertising solutions. Their actions may violate our contracts, policies, and applicable laws and regulations, or may otherwise put our business and reputation at risk. Demand-side platforms may be given access to personal information in order to bid on advertising inventory, and they may misappropriate and engage in unauthorized use of our information, technology, or customers' data. In violation of our policies, advertisers may enable the serving of ads that contain prohibited, restricted, or inappropriate content, or content that otherwise fails to adhere to country-specific laws, rules, or regulations. We also work with advertisers that operate sports gambling apps, apps that involve real money gambling, and apps in other regulated industries and markets, each of which imposes additional regulatory requirements on these advertisers, which they may not
55
Table of
C
ontents
comply with. A vast amount of publishers attempt to use our Advertising solutions, a number of which may attempt to monetize prohibited, restricted, or inappropriate content, or may engage or attempt to engage in fraudulent or other unlawful activity in violation of our policies, which in turn imposes additional operational costs to protect our platform, may trigger additional law enforcement or other inquiries, may put our reputation at risk, and may otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
The failure of these third parties to provide or maintain adequate services and technologies could result in a disruption to our business operations. Further, disruptions in the mobile application industry or financial markets, economic downturns, and poor business decisions may adversely affect our partners and may increase their propensity to engage in fraud or other unlawful activity which could harm our business or reputation, and they may not be able to honor their obligations to us, or we may cease our arrangements with them.
Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters
We are subject to laws and regulations concerning privacy, information security, data protection, consumer protection, advertising, tracking, targeting, and protection of minors, and these laws and regulations are continually evolving.