Singapore.
We believe that our facilities are suitable to meet our current needs. However, should we need to expand our facilities and add new facilities, we believe that suitable additional or alternative space will be available as needed to accommodate any such growth. If we choose to expand our facilities or locations, we expect to incur additional expenses.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, as well as governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. In addition, third parties may from time to time assert claims against us in the form of letters and other communications. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would, in our opinion, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves and our business partners and to determine the scope, enforceability, and validity of third-party proprietary rights, or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Part II
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information for Common Stock
Our Class A common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “APP.” Our Class B and Class C common stock are neither listed nor traded.
Holders of Record
As of December 31, 2024, there were approximately 39 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock, 8 stockholders of records of our Class B common stock and no holders of record of our Class C common stock. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. All shares of Class B common stock are beneficially held by Adam Foroughi and Herald Chen, collectively with certain affiliated trusts.
Dividend Policy
We have never paid cash dividends on our capital stock and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
41
Table
of
Contents
Stock Performance Graph
This performance graph shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be “filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of AppLovin Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act").
The graph below compares the