in 2023. We generated net income of $1.6 billion in 2024, net income of $356.7 million in 2023, and net loss of $192.9 million in 2022. We generated Adjusted EBITDA of $2.7 billion, $1.5 billion, and $1.1 billion in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Additionally, we have generated strong cash flows, with net cash provided by operating activities of $2.1 billion, $1.1 billion, and $412.8 million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Given our strong financial position, we have been able to reinvest in our expansion and growth, and repurchase and withhold shares of our Class A common stock. See the section titled “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for a definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP.
43
Table
of
Contents
Recent Developments
On February 12, 2025, we announced that we entered into a term sheet for the sale of our mobile gaming business to a privately held company (the “Acquirer”) for total consideration of $900.0 million (the “Term Sheet”). The Term Sheet provides for the total consideration to consist of $400.0 million in shares of the Acquirer’s common equity and $500.0 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. The Term Sheet also provides that the Acquirer will borrow up to $250.0 million of the cash portion of the total consideration and that, if the Acquirer is unable to obtain such financing, we agree to provide financing in such amount to the Acquirer through the issuance of a promissory note. The Term Sheet is non-binding, except with respect to an agreement by the parties to use commercially reasonable best efforts in good faith to negotiate and finalize definitive agreements for the proposed transaction, a prohibition on us from engaging in discussions or negotiations with any third party other than the Acquirer regarding the sale of our mobile gaming business for a specified period, and customary terms such as fees and expenses, governing law, and termination.
Our Business Model
We collect revenue from Advertising and our Apps. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, Advertising Revenue represented 68% of total revenue and Apps Revenue represented 32% of total revenue.
We report our operating results through two reportable segments: Advertising and Apps.
Our CODM, the Chief Executive Officer, evaluates performance of each segment based on several factors, of which the financial measures are segment revenue and segment adjusted EBITDA, as defined in Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements.
The Advertising and Apps segments provide a view into the organization of our business and generate revenue as follows:
Advertising Revenue
We primarily generate Advertising Revenue from fees paid by advertisers who use our Advertising solutions to grow and monetize their content. We are able to grow our Advertising Revenue by improving our various technologies.
Advertising