also contemplating federal privacy legislation. Our efforts to comply with the CCPA, as modified by the CPRA, and other existing and future legal requirements have required us and will continue to require us to devote significant operational resources and incur significant costs and expenses. Our compliance and oversight efforts regarding privacy, data protection, and security will require significant time and attention from our management and board of directors.
Further, children’s privacy has been a focus of recent enforcement activities and subjects our business to potential liability that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results. Enforcement of COPPA, which requires companies to obtain parental consent before collecting personal information from children known to be under the age of thirteen or from child-directed websites or online services, has increased in recent years, and the FTC has finalized modifications to its rules implementing COPPA that become effective June 23, 2025, and for which compliance with most provisions is required as of April 22, 2026. These modifications may subject us to additional liability and require us to dedicate additional compliance resources and modify certain policies and practices. In addition, the GDPR prohibits certain processing of the personal information of children under the age of thirteen to sixteen (depending on jurisdiction) without parental consent where consent is used as the lawful basis for processing that personal information. The CCPA, as amended and supplemented by the CPRA, requires companies to obtain the consent of children in California under the age of sixteen (or parental consent for children under the age of thirteen) before selling their personal information. There also may be various laws,
57
Table of
C
ontents
regulations, industry standards, codes of conduct, or other actual or asserted obligations relating to children’s privacy to which we may be, or be asserted to be, subject, or that may otherwise impact our business and operations. For example, the United Kingdom’s Age Appropriate Design Code ("AADC") is one such regulatory framework that has been adopted in the United Kingdom that focuses on online safety and protection of children’s privacy online, and similar frameworks are being considered in other jurisdictions. Although we take reasonable efforts to comply with applicable laws and regulations and certain other standards, we may in the future face claims under COPPA, the GDPR, the CCPA, the CPRA, or other laws, regulations, or other actual or asserted obligations relating to children’s privacy.
We endeavor to comply with industry standards and are subject to the terms of our privacy-related obligations and commitments to users and third parties. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations, and certain industry codes of conduct relating to privacy and data protection, to the extent reasonably attainable.