Company had no other material related party transactions in 2024, 2023, or 2022.
17.
Subsequent Events
On February 12, 2025, the Company announced that it had entered into a term sheet for the sale of the Company’s mobile gaming business to a privately held company (the “Acquirer”) for total consideration of $
900.0
million (the “Term Sheet”). The Term Sheet provides for the total consideration to consist of $
400.0
million in shares of the Acquirer’s common equity and $
500.0
million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. The Term Sheet also provides that the Acquirer will borrow up to $
250.0
million of the cash portion of the total consideration and that, if the Acquirer is unable to obtain such financing, the Company agrees to provide financing in such amount to the Acquirer through the issuance of a promissory note. The Term Sheet is non-binding, except with respect to an agreement by the parties to use commercially reasonable best efforts in good faith to negotiate and finalize definitive agreements for the proposed transaction, a prohibition on the Company from engaging in discussions or negotiations with any third party other than the Acquirer regarding the sale of the Company’s mobile gaming business for a specified period, and customary terms such as fees and expenses, governing law, and termination.
90
Table
of
Contents
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Not applicable.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation and supervision of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2024.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Our management, with the participation and supervision of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the