such tax issues as they arise, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We have entered into strategic partnerships with mobile gaming studios, and a failure to maintain such relationships may harm our ability to launch new Apps as well as our brand and reputation.
From time to time, we have entered into strategic partnerships with mobile gaming studios in addition to those studios that are wholly-owned. We have historically allowed our strategic partner studios to continue their operations with a degree of autonomy. In certain of these transactions, we have bought games from such partner studios and entered into development agreements whereby such partner studios provide us support in developing and improving games. These agreements typically have a fixed term, after which our partner studios may choose not to continue working with us. Any deterioration in our relationship with partner studios may harm our ability to monetize the games we purchase or develop and launch future mobile games developed by partner studios and may lead to such partner studios choosing not to renew their partnerships with us or continue to develop new games or support existing games. Further, if a partner studio becomes dissatisfied with us, our brand and reputation may be harmed and we may have more difficulty entering into similar partnerships in the future. Additionally, our international partner studios may be located in areas with less certain legal and regulatory regimes or more potential risks, which may increase our costs to maintain such strategic partnership. If we are unable to maintain any of these partnerships, we may be required to invest significant resources in expanding our other studios or entering into agreements with additional mobile gaming studios in order to continue producing the same volume and quality of Apps, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our pending sale of our mobile gaming business includes these strategic partnerships. The Agreement for the proposed sale is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, including regulatory approvals, and we may not be able to complete the proposed transaction or do so in a timely manner. Failure to complete the pending sale may result in negative
51
Table of
C
ontents
publicity. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.
If we are unable to launch or acquire new Apps and successfully monetize them, or continue to improve the experience and monetization of our existing Apps, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Our Apps portfolio depends in part on launching or acquiring, and continuing to service, mobile apps that users will download and spend time and money using. We have devoted and we may in the future continue to devote substantial resources to the