that aid in processing data on our behalf, to address cross-border data transfer matters. We may not be able to find alternative service providers which could limit our ability to process personal data from impacted jurisdictions and increase our costs and/or impact our Advertising solutions, Apps, or other offerings.
We and our clients may face a risk of enforcement actions by data protection authorities relating to personal data transfers. Any such enforcement actions could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, distract management and technical personnel, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Similar to the GDPR, in September 2020, Brazil enacted the Brazilian General Data Protection Law. China has enacted a new data privacy law known as PIPL, effective November 1, 2021, which adopts a stringent data transfer regime requiring, among other things, data subject consent for certain data transfers. Any of these developments may have an adverse effect on our business.
Moreover, there are increasing restrictions in the United States on certain personal sensitive data transfers to certain foreign countries. The Department of Justice recently finalized a final rule implementing Executive Order 14117, effective April 8, 2025, which prohibits data transfer of personal identifiers, precise geolocation data, biometric identifiers, health data, and financial data over a certain bulk threshold to identified countries of concern (i.e., China, Hong Kong, Macau, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, and Venezuela). The rule also restricts data brokerage agreements, investment agreements, employment agreements, and vendor agreements involving such data and countries of concern. Violations of the rule may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions and may result in exclusion from participation in federal and state programs. These data transfer restrictions may create operational challenges and legal risks for our business, particularly with regard to China, where we have operations.
Another example of increasingly stringent privacy legislation is California’s passage of the CCPA, which went into effect on January 1, 2020, and created new privacy rights for residents, including a private right of action for data breaches. The CPRA was approved by California voters in November 2020, went into effect on January 1, 2023, and significantly modified the CCPA, resulting in further uncertainty. Additionally, other states in the U.S. have proposed or enacted laws addressing privacy and cybersecurity, many of which are comprehensive statutes containing obligations similar to the CCPA and CPRA, that have taken effect or will take effect in coming years. Certain of these laws provide for private rights of action, which may increase the likelihood of class action litigation, that could also adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. The U.S. federal government is