particularly laws outside the United States. There is a risk that existing or future laws may be interpreted in a manner that is not consistent with our current practices and which could adversely affect our business. As our Advertising solutions grow and evolve, including through the use of and integration of AI technologies, and our Advertising solutions and our Apps are used in a greater number of countries and on a larger scale, we may also become subject to new laws and regulations in additional jurisdictions or jurisdictions may claim that we are required to comply with their laws and regulations. The regulation of AI technologies is a relatively new and evolving area of law which we may become subject to as we continue to explore the use of AI technologies in our current and future products. For example, in the EU, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act imposes a regulatory framework for the companies' development and use of AI systems, and numerous state laws in the U.S. have been proposed, and in certain cases enacted, regulating aspects of the development and use of AI systems. Beyond the EU and U.S., many other countries have proposed AI-related legal frameworks. There is a risk that existing or future laws may be interpreted in a manner that is not consistent with our current practices and which could adversely affect our business.
With respect to our Apps, we are potentially subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect the offering of certain types of content, such as content that depicts violence, the social casino game genre, or loot boxes, many of which are ambiguous or still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could adversely affect our business or expose us to liability. Some state attorneys general as well as other international regulatory bodies have brought and may continue to bring legal actions against social casino app developers and
58
Table of
C
ontents
the third-party distribution platforms for such apps. Further, several jurisdictions have been regulating and continue to regulate the use of loot boxes in mobile games. Loot boxes are a commonly used monetization technique in free-to-play mobile games in which a user can acquire a virtual loot box, typically through mobile game play or by using virtual goods, but the user does not know which virtual good(s) he or she will receive (which may be a common, rare, or extremely rare item, and may be a duplicate of an item the user already has in his or her inventory) until the loot box is opened. The user will always receive one or more virtual goods when he or she opens the loot box, but the user does not know exactly which item(s) until the loot box is opened. In April 2018, each of the Belgian Gaming Commission and the Dutch Gambling Authority declared that loot boxes as implemented in certain games by other companies that they reviewed constituted illegal gambling under each country’s laws. Further, the Federal Trade Commission (the