purchases or sales and near-term and long-term growth opportunities. Liquidity, asset quality and cost structure could also be considered by the rating agencies. The applicable margins with respect to the loans incurred under the Credit Agreement will vary based on our applicable public debt credit ratings assigned by Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC, Fitch’s and any successor to each such rating agency business. Moreover, our Senior Notes are currently rated investment-grade by various rating agencies. A ratings downgrade, including any announcement that our ratings are under further review for a downgrade, could adversely impact our ability to access debt markets in the future and increase the cost of current or future debt and may adversely affect our share price.
35
Table
of
Contents
We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our significant debt service obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and results of operations, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory, and other factors beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, or interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay strategic acquisitions and partnerships, capital expenditures, and payments on account of other obligations, seek additional capital, restructure or refinance our indebtedness, or sell assets. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and could require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
If we are unable to repay or otherwise refinance our indebtedness when due, or if any other event of default is not cured or waived, the applicable lenders or holders could accelerate our outstanding obligations, which could force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. In the event the applicable lenders or holders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. Any acceleration of amounts due under the agreements governing our indebtedness could have a material and adverse