applicable, to determine the present value of lease payments unless the implicit rate is readily determinable. The Company estimates its incremental borrowing rate based on the rate of interest it would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis with an equal lease payment amount, over a similar term, and in a similar economic environment.
Generally, the lease term is based on non-cancelable lease term when determining the lease assets and liabilities. The lease terms may include periods under options to extend or terminate
the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option.
Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets, operating lease liabilities, current, and operating lease liabilities, non-current on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, net, accrued and other current liabilities, and other non-current liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets.
Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. Finance lease assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the lease terms.
Acquisitions
—The Company applies a screen test to evaluate if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets to determine whether a transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition or business combination.
For transactions accounted for as business combinations, the Company allocates the fair value of acquisition consideration to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair value, with excess recorded as goodwill. Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. During the measurement period, which is one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. There were no business combinations during the years ended December 31, 2024 or 2023.
For transactions accounted for as asset acquisitions, the cost, including certain transaction costs, is allocated to the assets acquired on the basis of relative fair values. The Company generally includes contingent consideration in the cost of the assets acquired only when the uncertainty is resolved. The Company amortizes contingent consideration adjustments to the cost of the acquired assets prospectively using the straight-line method over the remaining useful life of the assets. No goodwill is recognized in asset acquisitions.