under the Credit Agreement. The indentures governing the Senior Notes also include customary affirmative and negative covenants (including covenants restricting our ability to incur certain liens and enter into sale and leaseback transactions, subject to certain exceptions), events of default, and other customary provisions. The Credit Agreement also imposes restrictions on us and requires us to maintain compliance with specified covenants regardless of whether any amounts are outstanding thereunder. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by market, economic, financial, competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors, as well as other factors that are beyond our control. A breach of any of the covenants in the indentures governing the Senior Notes or the Credit Agreement could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could trigger acceleration of our indebtedness and an increase in the interest rates applicable to such indebtedness (in the case of the Credit Agreement), and may result in the acceleration of or default under any other debt we may incur in the future to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. The acceleration of the indebtedness under the Credit Agreement, the Senior Notes, or under any other indebtedness could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We receive debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies in the United States. Factors that may impact our credit ratings include debt levels, planned asset purchases or sales and near-term and long-term growth opportunities. Liquidity, asset quality and cost structure could also be considered by the rating agencies. The applicable margins with respect to the loans incurred under the Credit Agreement will vary based on our applicable public debt credit ratings assigned by Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC, Fitch’s and any successor to each such rating agency business. Moreover, our Senior Notes are currently rated investment-grade by various rating agencies. A ratings downgrade, including any announcement that our ratings are
67
Table of
C
ontents
under further review for a downgrade, could adversely impact our ability to access debt markets in the future and increase the cost of current or future debt and may adversely affect our share price.
We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our significant debt service obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and results of operations, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory, and other factors beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows