efforts to do so that are unsuccessful or are not cost-effective could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
In the past, we have grown by expanding our offerings into new business opportunities and we expect to
45
Table of
C
ontents
continue to do so. We have dedicated resources to expanding into adjacent business opportunities in which large competitors have an established presence, such as e-commerce. Additionally, our future growth may include expansion into additional features for our advertisers and publishers, other mobile app sectors, social, e-commerce or related markets, connected TV markets through Wurl, OEM and carrier-related markets through our Array product initiative, or other opportunities which may require significant investment in order to launch and which may not be prove successful. Further, any such expansion may subject us to new or additional laws and regulations, compliance with which may be burdensome and costly. Our future growth depends in part on our ability to correctly identify areas of investment and to cost-effectively execute on our plans. For example, we have developed and continue to further develop our Advertising solutions to support e-commerce advertisers. The expansion of our services to this market is still in its early stages. We also generate revenue through our Wurl CTV business which provides streaming content distribution and advertising services. The market for CTV platforms is relatively new and evolving and this market may develop slower or differently than we expect. Further, there can be no assurance that we will achieve broader adoption among e-commerce advertisers or that we will effectively develop technology for our Advertising solutions that will allow us to successfully expand into new markets.
We have in the past and may in the future expend significant resources in connection with strategic acquisitions and partnerships to expand into new business opportunities. Even if successful, the growth of any new business opportunity could create significant challenges for our management and operational resources and could require considerable investment. The deployment of significant resources towards a new opportunity that proves unsuccessful, or our inability to choose the correct investment opportunities for our future, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our business is subject to global economic, market, public health, and geopolitical conditions as well as to natural disasters beyond our control and could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations.
General macroeconomic conditions, such as inflation, high interest rates, or a recession or economic slowdown in the United States or internationally, including those resulting from tariffs, trade wars, uncertainty in the global banking and financial services markets, political uncertainty and international conflicts around the world, such as