prevent violations in the future by us or our partners or agents. If we are found to be in violation of U.S. sanctions or export control regulations, including failure to obtain appropriate import, export, or re-export licenses or permits, it can result in significant penalties and government investigations, as well as reputational harm and loss of business. Knowing and willful violations can result in possible incarcerations for responsible employees and managers.
In addition to the United States, various other countries regulate the import and export of certain encryption and other technology, including import and export licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our products or could limit our clients’ ability to implement our products in those countries. Changes in our Advertising solutions or Apps, or future changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our products and the underlying technology in international markets, prevent our clients with global operations from deploying our products globally, or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our products to certain countries, governments, or persons altogether.
Our growth strategy includes further expanding our operations and client and user base in international markets and acquiring companies that may operate in countries where we do not already do business. Such acquisitions may subject us to additional or expanded export regulations. Further, any change in export or import regulations or controls, economic sanctions or related legislation, or change in the countries, governments, persons, or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing or potential clients with global operations. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products in major international markets could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our effective tax rates, business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We are subject to tax laws, regulations, and rulings in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Changes in tax laws or tax rulings, or changes in interpretations of existing laws, in the tax regimes that we are subject to or operate under could cause us to be subject to additional income-based taxes and non-income taxes (such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, digital services, net worth, property, and goods and services taxes), which in turn could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For example, beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 requires U.S. research and experimental expenditures to be capitalized and amortized ratably over a five-year period. Any such expenditures attributable to research