actions or other proceedings, claims, demands, and litigation by private parties, or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our users to lose trust in us, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Additionally, if third parties we work with, such as users, developers, vendors, service providers, or other business partners violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations may also put our users’ information at risk and could in turn adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our business is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws, many of which are unsettled and still developing, which could subject us to claims or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We are subject to a variety of laws in the United States and abroad, and it is possible that a number of laws and regulations may be adopted or construed to apply to us in the United States and elsewhere that could affect our business and restrict the advertising ecosystem or development of our technologies, including state and federal laws regarding antitrust, consumer protection, electronic marketing, protection of minors, data protection, and privacy, communications, content suitability, distribution, competition, taxation, intellectual property, machine learning and AI, money transmission, money laundering, investment screening, export, national security, and climate change, which are continuously evolving and developing and any such policy and regulatory changes could impose operational and compliance burdens. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and evolving and may be conflicting, particularly laws outside the United States. There is a risk that existing or future laws may be interpreted in a manner that is not consistent with our current practices and which could adversely affect our business. As our Advertising solutions grow and evolves, including through the use of and integration of AI technologies, and our Advertising solutions and our Apps are used in a greater number of countries and on a larger scale, we may also become subject to new laws and regulations in additional jurisdictions or jurisdictions may claim that we are required to comply with their laws and regulations. The regulation of AI technologies is a relatively new and evolving area of law which we may become subject to as we continue to explore the use of AI technologies in our current and future products. For example, in the EU, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act imposes a regulatory framework for the companies' development and use of AI systems, and numerous state laws have been proposed, and in certain cases enacted, regulating aspects of the development and use of AI systems. Beyond the EU and U.S., many other countries have proposed AI-related legal