streamline their businesses. Additionally, we have entered the CTV advertising market with the integration of Wurl.
Our Advertising solutions also enable publishers to leverage real-time auctions that optimize the value for each impression, while simultaneously enabling them to attain an attractive value for each of the impressions from their advertising inventory. When these mutually reinforcing elements are combined, it creates a robust and successful marketing and monetization engine that both sells attractive advertising inventory to advertisers while monetizing it for publishers.
Our Advertising solutions are delivered through an integrated and seamless user interface, which provides the following benefits to advertisers:
•
Reach and attract users at scale:
We provide advertisers with access to approximately 1.6 billion daily active users
2
, enabling developers to target and find the right users for their content worldwide. Advertisers are able to set their user acquisition and revenue goals to target the most relevant, highest value users.
•
Maximize monetization of engagement:
Advertisers use MAX to generate incremental revenue by maximizing the monetization of their ad inventory. Our tools operate at microsecond-level speeds and at vast scale to enhance monetization for developers while preserving the end user experience.
•
Leverage proprietary data and insights:
Advertisers benefit from accessing comprehensive real-time insights through our customized user dashboards, helping them optimize campaigns, improve user engagement, and manage their return on investment.
•
Automate time consuming and manual processes:
Our Advertising solutions automate marketing and monetization, allowing advertisers to focus on improving their content rather than managing complex go-to-market processes manually.
•
Seamlessly adapt to industry innovation:
Our technology is regularly updated as the advertising ecosystem evolves. Advertisers benefit from this ongoing advancement and optimization and are able to rapidly adapt to industry changes in marketing and monetization without losing focus on content creation.
Our Advertising solutions are primarily made up of four key products: AppDiscovery, MAX, Adjust, and Wurl.
AppDiscovery
AppDiscovery is a suite of marketing solutions that enables developers to automate, optimize, and manage their marketing efforts. AppDiscovery is powered by AXON's predictive algorithms to enable advertisers to match their apps to users that are more likely to download them. This form of personalized advertising focuses on the end user, enabling the advertisers to find the right users and delivering to users more of what they are likely to be interested in. Advertisers set return goals for their campaigns and AppDiscovery targets users to match those goals. Return on advertising spend is measured based on third-party attribution, Advertisers are charged for advertising dynamically based on the revenue they receive from acquired users,