viewers, and ultimately increase their revenue.
4
Table
of
Contents
Wurl has built the following products to meet their customers’ needs:
•
AdPool:
is a monetization solution that connects CTV supply with top advertisers and access to exclusive demand.
•
TVBits:
is an AI-powered interactive, personalized, short-form CTV application that allows viewers to discover content and content companies and streamers the ability to increase viewership, engagement, and revenue.
•
BrandDiscovery:
is an AI-powered CTV advertising tool that identifies contextual segments based on genre, brand safety, and the emotion of each scene to help advertisers deliver the right ad at the right time.
•
ContentDiscovery:
is an AI-powered advertising solution that grows audiences, increases engagement, and reduces churn for streaming platforms and apps.
•
Global FAST Pass (GFP):
is a distribution solution that makes it easy to launch Free Ad-supported CTV channels, monetize them instantly, and access data to grow and retain audiences.
AppLovin Apps
Today, our Apps consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over 200 free-to-play mobile games across five genres, run by ten studios located worldwide with a deep bench of talented developers. Our studios have developed and published games across a number of genres including: casual, match-three, card/casino, mid-core, and hyper-casual. A large portion of our portfolio are casual, match-three and card/casino games that have a lower risk of development and generally have more predictable revenue streams and return. These games can be played a few minutes at a time and appeal to a wide range of users across many highly attractive demographics. Our studios leverage live ops to quickly iterate and increase in-game monetization by optimizing app economies and improving in-game conversion on items and offers. The studios operating our portfolio of Apps utilize our Advertising solutions to market, scale, and monetize our Apps.
On February 12, 2025, we announced that we had entered into a term sheet for the sale of our mobile gaming business to a privately held company for total consideration of $900.0 million, consisting of $400.0 million in shares of the acquirer’s common equity and $500.0 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. For additional information, refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Recent Developments".
Our Strategy for Growth
We have a comprehensive strategy to continue our growth and further enhance our market position in the advertising ecosystem:
•
Existing market expansion:
We continue to have an attractive market opportunity within our current mobile app segment, which we intend to address through the optimization of our Advertising solutions.
•
Enhance and extend AI-based technologies:
As we increase our scale and reach, our customers benefit from compounding improvements to AXON, our AI-powered advertising engine,