operations.
Our business is subject to global economic, market, public health, and geopolitical conditions as well as to natural disasters beyond our control and could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations.
General macroeconomic conditions, such as inflation, high interest rates, or a recession or economic slowdown in the United States or internationally, including those resulting from uncertainty in the global banking and financial services markets, political uncertainty and international conflicts around the world, such as between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, as well as, friction between the United States and China, could create uncertainty and adversely affect discretionary consumer spending habits and preferences as well as advertising spending. Our revenue is driven in part by discretionary consumer spending habits and preferences, and by advertising spending patterns. Historically, consumer purchasing and advertising spending have each declined during economic downturns and periods of uncertainty regarding future economic prospects or when disposable income or consumer lending is lower. In certain periods in 2022, we experienced the impacts of the macroeconomic deterioration as advertisers more closely managed budgets and reduced overall spend, which resulted in slowed growth for our Advertising solutions. Uncertain economic conditions may impact advertiser spending in future periods and may also adversely affect our clients, which in turn may harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, the economic conditions affecting the financial markets, and uncertainty in global economic conditions may result in a number of adverse effects including a low level of liquidity in domestic and global markets, volatility in credit, equity, and currencies and instability in the stock market. There could be a number of other follow-on effects from these economic developments on our business, including customer insolvencies, decreased demand for our marketing solutions; decreased customer ability to pay their accounts, and increased collections risk and defaults. We are particularly susceptible to market conditions and risks associated with the advertising ecosystem, including changes in user demographics, the availability and popularity of other forms
18
Table
of
Contents
of entertainment, and critical reviews and public tastes and preferences, which may change rapidly and cannot necessarily be predicted.
Our business is subject to economic, market, public health, and geopolitical conditions, as well as natural disasters beyond our control. For example, we have a partner studio located in Belarus and we have employees located in Israel and as a result of the international conflict between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, we have incurred and are likely to continue to incur costs to support our partner studio and employees and address related challenges. In addition, our management