new business opportunities in the advertising ecosystem, mobile gaming, or otherwise, we may also compete with established businesses with more experience in such areas. Increasing competition could result in decreases in our App users, increased user acquisition costs, lower engagement with our Apps, and loss of key personnel, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
Some of our current and potential competitors may be domiciled in different countries and subject to political, legal, and regulatory regimes that enable them to compete more effectively than us, particularly outside of the
43
Table of
C
ontents
United States. Some of our current and potential competitors may have greater resources, more diversified revenue streams, better technological or data analytics capabilities, or stronger brands or competitive positions in certain product segments, geographic regions, or user demographics than we do. If clients or users prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own, or if our competitors are better able to adapt to changes in the preferences of advertisers or users, regulations, or other developments, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
The advertising ecosystem and mobile gaming are subject to rapid technological change, and if we do not adapt to, and appropriately allocate our resources among, emerging technologies and business models, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Technology changes rapidly in the advertising ecosystem and in mobile gaming. Our future success depends in part on our ability to adapt to trends and to innovate. To attract new clients and users and increase revenue from our current clients and users, we may develop new products or enter into new markets, such as e-commerce or social, and we will need to enhance and improve our Advertising solutions and Apps. Our ability to improve the effectiveness and predictability of our advertising recommendations through improvements to our AI-powered advertising recommendation engine AXON is critical to our continuing success and future growth. Enhancements of our existing technology and offerings, and new offerings, may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner and may contain errors or defects, both of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our business also currently depends in part on the growth and evolution of the internet, especially mobile internet-enabled devices. The number of people using mobile internet-enabled devices has increased rapidly over time, and we expect that this trend will continue. However, the markets in which we operate may not grow in the way we anticipate. We must continually anticipate and adapt to emerging technologies to stay competitive, including the development of AI and its impacts on the advertising