or advertisements displayed and the contractually agreed upon price per advertising unit with the advertiser less consideration paid or payable to Publishers. The Company recognizes Advertising Revenue when the agreed upon action is completed or when the ad is displayed to users. The number of advertisements delivered and completions of agreed upon actions is determined at the end of each month, which resolves any uncertainty in the transaction price during the reporting period.
Advertising Revenue also includes revenue generated
from
Adjust's measurement and analytics marketing platform that is recognized ratably over the subscription period of generally up to twelve months.
Revenue from other services was not material.
Apps Revenue
In-App Purchase Revenue
IAP Revenue includes fees collected from users to purchase virtual goods to enhance their gameplay experience. The identified performance obligation is to provide users with the ability to acquire, use, and hold virtual items over the estimated period of time the virtual items are available to the user or until the virtual item is consumed. Payment is required at the time of purchase, and the purchase price is a fixed amount.
Users make IAPs through the Company’s distribution partners. The transaction price is equal to the gross amount charged to users because the Company is the principal in the transaction. IAP fees are non-refundable. Such payments are initially recorded as deferred revenue. The Company categorizes its virtual goods as either consumable or durable. Consumable virtual goods represent goods that can be consumed by a specific player action in gameplay; accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of consumable virtual goods as the goods are consumed. Durable virtual goods represent goods that are accessible to the user over an extended period of time; accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of durable virtual goods ratably over the period of time the goods are available to the user, which is generally the estimated average user life (“EAUL”).
The EAUL represents the Company’s best estimate of the expected life of paying users for the applicable
10
Table of
C
ontents
game. The EAUL begins when a user makes the first purchase of durable virtual goods and ends when a user is determined to be inactive. The Company determines the EAUL on a game-by-game basis. For a newly launched game with limited playing data, the Company determines its EAUL based on the EAUL of a game with sufficiently similar characteristics.
The Company determines the EAUL on a quarterly basis and applies such calculated EAUL to all bookings in the respective quarter. Determining the EAUL is subjective and requires management’s judgment. Future playing patterns may differ from historical playing patterns, and therefore the EAUL may change in the future. The EAULs are generally between
five
and
ten months
.
In-App Advertising Revenue
IAA Revenue is generated by selling ad inventory