operations.
Cyberattacks continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and may be difficult to detect for long periods. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our data, user data, and information from our partners; to prevent data loss, disable undesirable accounts and activities on our Advertising solutions, Apps, or other offerings; and to prevent and detect security breaches, we cannot assure you that such measures will provide comprehensive security, that we have been or will be able to identify breaches or other incidents or to react to them in a timely manner or that our remediation efforts will be successful. We experience cyberattacks and other security incidents of varying degrees from time to time, and we may incur significant costs in investigating, protecting against, litigating, or remediating such incidents. We may face increased risks of cyberattacks and other security incidents as a result of increases in remote work. Our use of third-party systems for remote workforce operations introduces security risks and increased cyberattacks, such as phishing attacks by threat actors as a method for targeting personnel. Further, in connection with geopolitical events and conflicts, such as those in Ukraine and the Middle East, there may be a heightened risk of potential cyberattacks by state actors or others.
Additionally, our Advertising solutions, Apps, and other offerings operate in conjunction with, and we are in some cases dependent upon, third-party products, services, and components. Our ability to monitor our third-party service providers’ data security is limited, and in any event, attackers may be able to circumvent our third-party service providers’ data security measures. There have been and may continue to be significant attacks on certain third-party providers, and we cannot guarantee that our or our third-party providers’ systems and networks have not been breached or compromised or do not contain defects or bugs that could result in a disruption, breach, or other incident impacting our systems and networks or those of third parties that support us and our Advertising solutions. Security vulnerabilities, malicious code, errors, or other bugs or defects in these third-party products, services, and components could cause us to face increased costs, claims, liability, and additional or new obligations, reduced revenue, and harm to our reputation or competitive position. We and our service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques, react, remediate or otherwise address any security vulnerability, breach or other security incident in a timely manner, or implement adequate preventative measures.
Further, we utilize AI technologies in our Advertising solutions and Apps and may expand such use in the future. Our use of AI technologies, and the use of AI technologies in third-party products and services, may create additional cybersecurity risks or increase cybersecurity risks,