allegations or violations of the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions, suspension or disbarment from U.S. government contracts, substantial diversion of management’s attention, significant legal fees and fines, severe criminal or civil sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, disgorgement of profits, other sanctions and remedial measures, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business, any of which could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. Responding to any investigation or action will likely result in a significant diversion of management’s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees.
We are subject to governmental export controls and economic sanctions laws that could impair our ability to compete in global markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls.
Our Advertising solutions and Apps may be subject to U.S. export controls, including the Export Administration Regulations. Under these regulations, exports of our products and services as well as the underlying technology may require export authorizations, including by license, a license exception, or other appropriate government authorizations, and the filing of a classification request or self-classification report to use a license exception, as applicable.
Furthermore, our activities are subject to U.S. economic sanctions laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control that prohibit the provision of services and the export of hardware, software, and technology to embargoed jurisdictions or sanctioned parties without the required export authorizations. These laws, regulations, and sanctions are rapidly evolving and may be in conflict across international jurisdictions, leading to uncertainty and difficulty in achieving full compliance. Should we violate such existing or similar future sanctions or regulations, we may be subject to substantial monetary fines or suffer reputational damage and other penalties that could negatively impact our business. If we need to obtain any necessary export licenses or other authorizations for a particular sale, the process may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of opportunities to sell our products.
29
Table
of
Contents
We take precautions to prevent our products and services and the underlying technology from being provided, deployed or used in violation of export control and sanctions laws, including implementation of IP address blocking and sanctioned person screening, and continue to evaluate and further enhance our policies and procedures relating to export control and sanctions compliance. However, we cannot assure you that our policies and procedures relating to export control and sanctions compliance will