which in turn improves the efficacy and growth of our Advertising solutions.
•
New market expansion:
We are confident our technology and expertise are applicable to other market segments and geographies we have not historically addressed, including:
◦
Non-gaming mobile app segments and industries:
One of our long-term objectives is to provide critical tools to mobile app developers across multiple verticals, including, for example, e-commerce and social media. We have made our Advertising solutions available to e-commerce advertisers, and while we are early in this market expansion, our e-commerce customers to date have experienced positive results, demonstrating the flexibility and future growth potential of our Advertising solutions.
◦
Other content industries:
We believe our deep expertise and capabilities will allow us to successfully apply our solutions to tangential sectors, including with mobile OEMs and carriers through our Array product initiative, as well as the growing CTV industry through Wurl. We continue to expand our CTV business through the addition of new content advertisers and supply channels as well as through the application of AXON to CTV.
◦
Industry partnerships:
We plan to further invest in our sales and marketing teams to increase penetration among new and existing clients, including in expansion markets we are targeting.
•
Attracting and retaining the best talent:
Our employees are at the core of our technology and success. We intend to continue to invest in attracting and retaining exceptional talent who share our values and will drive our future growth.
•
Pursue strategic investments and partnerships:
Given our proven track record in strategic transactions, and our long-standing relationships with key industry players, we have earned a reputation as a partner of choice, and will continue to consider and leverage strategic acquisitions, partnerships, and investment opportunities to accelerate our growth.
5
Table
of
Contents
Our Customers and Developer Community
Our globally diverse customers range from the largest enterprises to small and independent businesses and individuals across a variety of industries. Our customers comprise multiple groups within the advertising ecosystem including advertisers leveraging our platform to find users and advertising networks using our mediation solution to purchase advertising inventory. Our Apps also work with advertising networks who purchase advertising inventory and consumers who purchase in-app products. We also work with the mobile app publisher community who leverage our mediation solution to monetize their advertising inventory. The scale and breadth of our customers in terms of size and industry provides us with a competitive advantage.
Competition
We operate in a fragmented advertising ecosystem composed of divisions of large, well-established companies as well as privately-held companies. The large companies in our advertising and mobile app ecosystems may play multiple