2025, we had an average of 1.5 million Monthly Active Payers ("MAPs") across our portfolio of Apps. Over that period, we had an Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer ("ARPMAP") of $52. See “Key Metrics” below for additional information on how we calculate MAPs and ARPMAP.
IAA clients that purchase advertising inventory from our Apps are able to target highly relevant users from our diverse and global portfolio of over 200 mobile games. Our clients leverage a broad set of high-performing mobile ad formats, including playable and rewarded video, and are able to match these ads with relevant users resulting in a better return on their advertising spend. By increasing the number of users and their engagement, as well as better matching ads with the appropriate target audience, we are able to increase our revenue from IAA clients that purchase advertising inventory from our Apps. IAA Revenue represented 30% of total Apps Revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2025.
Recent Developments
On May 7, 2025, we, along with our subsidiaries Morocco, Inc. and AppLovin GmbH (collectively, the “Sellers”) entered into a Purchase Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Tripledot (“Purchaser Parent”) and its subsidiaries Eton Games Inc. and Tripledot Group Holdings Limited (collectively, with Purchaser Parent, the “Purchasers”). On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement, Sellers will transfer the equity interests of certain wholly-owned subsidiaries that are engaged in our mobile gaming business (the “Gaming Business”) to Purchasers, for total consideration (the “Purchase Price,” and such sale, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Agreement, the “Transactions”) consisting of (i) $400.0 million in cash consideration, comprised of (a) $150.0 million to be paid in cash at the closing of the Transactions (the “Closing”) and (b) a $250.0 million secured promissory note to be issued by Eton Games Inc. (collectively with any other U.S. subsidiaries of Purchaser Parent designated as a co-Borrower thereunder, “Borrowers”) to us or our designated affiliate at the Closing (the “Promissory Note”), and (ii) equity consideration comprised of ordinary shares of Purchaser Parent representing approximately 20% of the fully-diluted equity capitalization of Purchaser Parent at the Closing. Purchaser Parent anticipates financing a portion of the cash Purchase Price payable at the Closing with debt.
The terms of the Promissory Note provide for a maturity of 18 months from the Closing, with no amortization. The Borrowers are permitted to voluntarily prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Promissory Note, in
20
Table of
C
ontents
whole or in part, without premium or penalty. The advance under the Promissory Note bears interest at a rate per annum equal to eleven percent (11%). As of the Closing, the obligations of the Borrowers under the Promissory Note will be guaranteed by all U.S. and U.K. subsidiaries of the Purchaser Parent,