its accuracy, involving us, our user data practices, advertising metrics or tools, our Advertising solutions or Apps, or other companies in our industry; and
•
the impact of macroeconomic conditions, including tariffs, trade wars, inflation, high interest rates, and uncertainty in the global banking and financial services markets, political uncertainty and international conflicts around the world, such as in Ukraine and the Middle East, as well as friction between the United States and China, and responses thereto, and seasonality, whether in the advertising industry in general, or among specific types of advertisers or within particular geographies.
From time to time, certain of these factors have adversely affected our revenue to varying degrees. The
42
Table of
C
ontents
occurrence of any of these or other factors in the future could result in a reduction in demand for our Advertising solutions and use of our Apps, which may reduce the prices we receive for our advertisements or cause clients to stop advertising with us altogether, either of which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. The failure to attract new clients, loss of clients, or reduction in spending by clients could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
The advertising ecosystem and mobile gaming are intensely competitive. If clients or users prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We face significant competition in the advertising ecosystem and in mobile gaming. We offer a suite of solutions for advertisers to get their content discovered and downloaded by the right users, optimize return on marketing spend, and maximize the monetization of their engagement. We collect revenue from clients for fees paid by advertisers, including developers, that use our Advertising solutions and from the sale of advertising inventory of our Apps. Advertisers often engage with several advertising platforms and networks to purchase advertisements and developers often engage with multiple tools to market and monetize their apps. Accordingly, we face significant competition from traditional, online, and mobile businesses that provide ad networks and platforms, mobile apps and games, media, and other services for advertisers to reach relevant audiences. We also face competition from providers of developer tools that enable developers to reach their audiences or manage or optimize their advertising campaigns. These companies vary in size and include Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Unity Software as well as various private companies, several of which are also our partners and clients. Additionally, our studios build many of our Apps using the development kits offered by Unity Software. Changes in pricing or the terms on which developers engage with companies in the mobile app ecosystem, such as the pricing changes announced by Unity