that our presence in such jurisdictions is sufficient to require us to collect taxes, which could result in tax assessments, penalties, and interest, and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future. Such tax assessments, penalties, and interest or future requirements may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further, following the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling in June of 2018 in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., U.S. states may require an out-of-state seller with no in-state property or personnel to collect and remit sales tax on sales to the state’s residents, which may permit wider enforcement of sales tax collection requirements. Therefore, the application of existing or future laws relating to sales tax to our business, or the audit of our business and operations with respect to such taxes or challenges of our positions by taxing authorities, all could result in increased tax liabilities for us or our customers, create additional administrative burdens for us, put us at a competitive disadvantage if such states do not impose similar obligations on our competitors, and decrease our future sales, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We may not be able to realize tax savings from our international structure, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
In 2023, we completed an international restructuring that included the inter-entity license of certain intellectual property and other assets used in the business to our Singapore subsidiary. This structure may be challenged by tax authorities, and if such challenges are successful, the tax savings we expect to realize could be adversely affected. If substantial modifications to our international structure or the way we operate our business are made, such as if future acquisitions or divestitures occur, if changes in domestic and international tax laws negatively impact the structure (such as the 15% global minimum tax, which has been implemented into the domestic laws of some jurisdictions), if we do not operate our business consistent with the structure and applicable tax provisions, if we fail to achieve our revenue and profit goals, or if the international structure or our application of arm's-length principles to intercompany arrangements is successfully challenged by the U.S. or foreign tax authorities, our effective tax rate may increase, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
If we are found liable for content that is distributed through or advertising that is served through our Advertising solutions or Apps, our business could be adversely affected.
As a distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright, patent or trademark infringement, public performance royalties, or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we distribute. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the