the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2025. The condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2024 was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all normal and recurring adjustments, that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the Company’s financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stockholders’ equity for the interim periods presented. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2025 shown in this report are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year ending December 31, 2025 or any other period.
Certain prior period amounts reported in the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.
Basis of Consolidation
The Company's condensed consolidated financial statements include accounts and operations of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. In accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 810,
Consolidation
, the Company is also required to consolidate any variable interest entities ("VIE") when it is the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary has both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE, or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company evaluates its relationships with all VIEs on an ongoing basis. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The Company bases its estimates on assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including, but not limited to, those related to fair values of assets and liabilities acquired through acquisitions, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, expected period of consumption of virtual goods, income and indirect taxes, contingent liabilities, evaluation of recoverability of intangible assets and long-lived assets, goodwill impairment, stock-based compensation, fair value of financial instruments. These estimates are inherently subject to judgment and actual results could differ materially from those estimates.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued Not Yet Adopted)
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards