Wurl, Inc. ("Wurl"), a connected TV ("CTV") advertising company, for a total purchase price of $
378.2
million, consisting of $
219.3
million in cash,
2,579,692
shares of the Company's Class A common stock valued at $
137.4
million and a deferred payment of $
22.7
million, with a present value of $
21.5
million at the closing of the acquisition, relating to an indemnity holdback amount to be paid in
18
months following the transaction close date, less any eligible claims against Wurl paid by AppLovin. The transaction allowed the Company to expand into the connected TV market. The Company accounted for the acquisition as a business combination. Transaction costs incurred by the Company in connection with the acquisition, including professional fees, were $
1.9
million. During the fourth quarter of 2023, the indemnity holdback was paid.
The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase price to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands):
The income approach was used to determine the fair value of the customer relationships, developed technology, and tradename. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date and is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time of the acquisition. For tax purposes, no tax deductible goodwill was generated as a result of this acquisition.
Contemporaneously with entering into the definitive agreement, the Company also adopted a multi-year performance-based incentive plan for certain key employees of Wurl, under which the key employees may earn up to a total of $
600.0
million in additional shares of the Company's Class A common stock through 2025, contingent upon the achievement of certain revenue and other performance targets by the acquired business and the continued employment of such key employees between 2023 and 2025. In April 2023, the Company amended the multi-year performance-based incentive plan into a one-year plan for 2023, under which the Company may be obligated to issue up to a total of $
90.0
million in additional shares of the Company's Class A
75
Table
of
Contents
common stock, contingent upon Wurl’s achievement of certain revenue and other performance targets and the continued employment of the key employees. For additional information, see Note 11 - Stock-Based Compensation.
The Company’s consolidated statement of operations as of December 31, 2022, includes Wurl's revenue of $
35.0
million and pre-tax loss of $
11.8
million for the period from the acquisition date of April 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022.
See Pro forma results of operations below under "Supplemental Pro Forma Information".
MoPub—On January 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition from Twitter, Inc. of certain assets that comprised of its MoPub business for a total purchase price of $
1.0
billion in cash. The acquisition allowed the Company to