platforms, or significantly increase the level of compliance or requirements necessary to use its platform.
For example, since 2021, Apple has implemented an application tracking transparency framework that, among other things, requires users' opt-in consent for certain tracking. While this framework has not had a significant impact on our overall business, it may in the future, including with respect to the effectiveness of our advertising practices and/or our ability to efficiently generate revenue for our Apps. We rely in part on IDFA to provide us with data that helps our Advertising solutions better market and monetize Apps. Apple also implemented new requirements for consumer disclosures regarding privacy and data processing practices in December 2020, which has resulted in increased compliance requirements and could result in decreased usage of our App. In light of the IDFA and transparency changes, we made changes to our data collection practices. To the extent we are unable to utilize IDFA or a similar offering, or if the transparency changes and any related opt-in or other requirements result in decreases in the availability or utility of data relating to Apps, our Advertising solutions may not be as effective, we may not be able to continue to efficiently generate revenue for our Apps, and our revenue and results of operations may be harmed. Apple also incorporated new SDK privacy controls into iOS 17, released in September 2023.
Similarly, in February 2022, Google announced its Privacy Sandbox initiative for Android, a multi-year effort expected to restrict tracking activity and limit advertisers' ability to collect app and user data across Android devices. In January 2024, Google
13
Table
of
Contents
commenced rolling out a Chrome feature called Tracking Protection, which limits cross-site tracking. Additionally, in January 2024, Google started to roll out new CMP requirements for ads served in the EEA and UK, which require publishers using Google AdSense, Ad Manager, or AdMob to use CMPs certified by Google and integrated with the IAB's Transparency and Consent Framework when serving ads to users in the EEA or the UK. According to Google, if publishers do not adopt a Google-certified CMP, only limited ads will be eligible to serve in the EEA and UK. To adapt to these changes, we released the MAX SDK version 12.0.0. to support integration with Google's CMP solution. While to date these third-party platform privacy changes have had some impact on the discoverability of apps across these platforms, and have had a relatively muted aggregate impact on our results of operations, the ultimate impact of these or any similar or future changes to the policies of Apple or Google may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Distribution platform providers from time to time limit, suspend or discontinue access to their platforms in connection with violations, or perceived violations, of terms of service. In