a purchase of TikTok in all markets outside of China. We face a number of risks related to strategic transactions we may pursue.
We will continue to consider opportunities to expand and diversify our operations with additional strategic acquisitions or partnerships, strategic collaborations, joint ventures, or licensing arrangements. As we continue to grow, these transactions may be larger and require significant investments, such as our acquisitions of Adjust, the MoPub business, and Wurl.
In April 2025, we confirmed that we had provided an indication of interest to the President of the United States to explore a purchase of TikTok in all markets outside of China. This indication of interest is preliminary and there can be no assurance that a transaction involving us will proceed. If our proposal to combine with TikTok does not result in a definitive agreement, this may be viewed negatively by investors, securities analysts, customers and other strategic partners and our stock price could decline. Whether or not we enter into a definitive agreement to combine with TikTok, the announcement and pendency of the proposal, the market reaction to our proposal and related discussions regarding our proposed combination with TikTok could cause disruptions in our business. For example, significant management attention may be directed toward discussions and processes related to a potential business combination, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if we have an opportunity to enter into a business combination transaction with TikTok, the consummation of that transaction may be subject to various closing conditions and either party may be unable to satisfy one or more of the closing conditions. Further, the exploration of a possible transaction with TikTok could result in us incurring significant costs, expenses and fees, including for professional services and other transaction costs, for which we will have received little or no benefit, should no such transaction take place, and that may be viewed negatively or impact our financial results which could have a negative impact on our stock.
We may be unable to identify or complete prospective acquisitions or partnerships for many reasons, including our ability to identify suitable targets, increasing competition from other potential acquirers, the effects of consolidation in our industries, potentially high valuations of acquisition candidates, and the availability of financing to complete larger acquisitions. Even if we do complete any such transactions, we may incur significant costs, such as professional service fees or publisher bonuses. Further, completing larger acquisitions or other strategic transactions can involve significantly more risk in that such transactions involve complicated integrations and require significant management attention to complete, and these large strategic transactions could introduce additional exposure to regulatory