additional genres of mobile games or additional categories of mobile apps, we will face risks as well as market, legal and regulatory challenges specific to those genres or categories. For example, in mid-core games, there is typically a higher upfront investment prior to the launch of a game compared to casual games, which means publishing a new game in that genre will expose us to greater risks as our financial condition and results of operations will be more significantly adversely affected to the extent such a game does not become popular and commercially successful. If we are not successful in launching new mobile games or expanding into other genres of mobile games or categories of mobile apps, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
If we fail to retain existing users or add new users cost-effectively, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with Apps, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
The size of our user base and the level of user engagement with our Apps are critical to our success. Our results of operations have been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in acquiring and engaging App users. We expect that the number of our App users may fluctuate or decline as a result of apps divestitures or other actions we have taken in connection with our review of our Apps portfolio, or in one or more markets from time to time, particularly in markets where we have achieved higher penetration rates or where the macroeconomic conditions have been negatively impacted. For example, we have reduced our user acquisition spend for our portfolio of Apps as we increased our desired return goals, which has contributed to a decline in MAPs compared to periods before such adjustments. In addition, if people do not perceive our Apps as useful or entertaining, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement, which could harm our revenue. A number of mobile apps that achieved early popularity have since seen their user bases or user engagement levels decline. There is no guarantee that we will not experience a similar erosion of our App users or user engagement levels. Our user engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be
23
Table
of
Contents
difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different Apps. Any number of factors can adversely affect user growth and engagement, including if:
•
users increasingly engage with mobile apps offered by competitors or mobile apps in categories other than those of our Apps;
•
we fail to introduce new Apps or features that users find engaging or that achieve a high level of market acceptance or we introduce new Apps, or make changes to existing Apps that are not favorably received;
•
users feel that their experience is diminished as a result of the decisions we make