identified risks and regularly monitor the effectiveness of our safeguards. We devote significant resources and designate high level personnel, including our Head of Information Security and Compliance, to manage the risk assessment and mitigation process.
As part of our overall risk management system, we monitor and test our safeguards, in collaboration with human resources, IT, and management. Personnel at all levels and departments are made aware of our cybersecurity policies and educated about cybersecurity best practices through annual company-wide cybersecurity training, regular phishing simulations and cybersecurity reminders, and role-based training, as appropriate.
Our cybersecurity risk management program is closely based upon recognized frameworks established by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the International Organization for Standardization and certain other applicable industry standards. In 2024, we obtained our ISO/IEC27001 certification.
We engage consultants and third parties in connection with our risk assessment processes
. These providers assist us in evaluating our cybersecurity program, provide support for threat monitoring and detection, and scan for vulnerabilities and other related security events which may pose a risk to the company.
We utilize our third-party risk management program to evaluate the cybersecurity posture of our third-party service providers based on risk, including data and systems access. These processes assist us in identifying and mitigating risks from cybersecurity threats associated with our use of third-party service providers.
Where appropriate, we contractually require third-party service providers to implement and maintain appropriate and reasonable security measures in connection with their work with us and consistent with applicable laws, and to promptly report any breach of their security measures or systems that may affect our company
.
To date, we have not identified any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition
. However, despite our efforts, we cannot eliminate all risks from cybersecurity threats, or provide assurances that we have not experienced cybersecurity incidents. For information about these risks, see Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the risk factor entitled “Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or user data, other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems, or other cyber incidents could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.”
Governance
One of the key functions of our Board of Directors is informed oversight of our risk management process, including risks from cybersecurity threats
.
Our Board of Directors is responsible for monitoring and assessing