as an indicator of impairment for the Apps reporting unit and performed an interim quantitative goodwill impairment test as of March 31, 2025. Based on this assessment, the Company determined that the carrying amount of the Apps reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value and recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $
188.9
million in its condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2025.
At the time the interim impairment test was performed, the Company had not yet determined the fair value of the total consideration, which is subject to a valuation of the equity consideration at the closing of the transaction. As a result, the Company estimated the fair value of the Apps reporting unit using the discounted cash flow method of the income approach. Key valuation inputs included projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates and long-term growth rates, which are based on management’s estimates and assumptions believed to be reasonable and reflective of known market conditions as of the interim impairment test date. The resulting fair value measurement is classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy due to the use of significant unobservable inputs.
Upon closing, the Company will recognize a gain or loss on the sale of the mobile gaming business based on the difference between the total fair value of the consideration received, including the equity consideration, and the carrying amount of the mobile gaming business’s net assets.
13
Table of
C
ontents
Intangible assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
The Company recorded amortization expenses related to acquired intangible assets as follows (in thousands):
6.
Equity
In February 2022, the Company's board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program for the Company's Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2024, $
2.3
billion remained available for repurchases under the program. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company repurchased and subsequently retired
2,931,609
shares of Class A common stock for an aggregate amount, including commissions and fees, of $
1.0
billion. As of March 31, 2025, $
1.3
billion remained available for repurchases under the program.
Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. Open market repurchases may be structured to occur in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). The Company may also, from time to time, enter into Rule 10b-5 trading plans, to facilitate repurchases of shares. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of Class A common stock, has no expiration date and may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time at the Company's discretion.
The Company retires its Class