non-refundable. Such payments are initially recorded as deferred revenue. The Company categorizes its virtual goods as either consumable or durable. Consumable virtual goods represent goods that can be consumed by a specific player action in gameplay; accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of consumable virtual goods as the goods are consumed. Durable virtual goods represent goods that are accessible to the user over an extended period of time; accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of durable virtual goods ratably over the period of time the goods are available to the user, which is generally the estimated average user life (“EAUL”).
The EAUL represents the Company’s best estimate of the expected life of paying users for the applicable game. The EAUL begins when a user makes the first purchase of durable virtual goods and ends when a user is determined to be inactive. The Company determines the EAUL on a game-by-game basis. For a newly launched game with limited playing data, the Company determines its EAUL based on the EAUL of a game with sufficiently similar characteristics.
The Company determines the EAUL on a quarterly basis and applies such calculated EAUL to all bookings in the respective quarter. Determining the EAUL is subjective and requires management’s judgment. Future playing patterns may differ from historical playing patterns, and therefore the EAUL may change in the future. The EAULs are generally between
five
and
ten
months
.
In-App Advertising Revenue
IAA Revenue is generated by selling ad inventory on the Company's Apps to third-party advertisers. Advertisers purchase ad inventory either through the Advertising solutions or through third-party advertising networks (“Ad Networks”). Revenue from the sale of ad inventory through Ad Networks is recognized net of the amounts retained by Ad Networks as the Company is unable to determine the gross amount paid by the advertisers to Ad Networks. The Company recognizes revenue when the ad is displayed to users.
The Company presents taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities on a net basis.
Disaggregation of Revenue
The following table presents revenue disaggregated by segment and type (in thousands):
68
Table
of
Contents
Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on user location, consisted of the following (in thousands):
Contract Balances
Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue, which are recorded for payments received in advance of the satisfaction of performance obligations. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized $
78.0
million and $
63.6
million of revenue that was included in deferred revenue as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Unsatisfied Performance Obligations
Substantially all of the Company’s unsatisfied performance obligations relate to contracts with an original expected length of one year or less.
Publisher Bonuses
In the first quarter of 2022, the