classification, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities.
If we are unable to successfully integrate and manage our acquisitions and strategic partnerships, we may not realize the expected benefits of such transactions or become exposed to additional liabilities, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Our strategic review of our Apps portfolio may not result in sustained improvements to our financial performance, strategy, or operations, and we face a number of risks related to such review.
We continue to optimize our Apps portfolio and its cost structure, focusing on identifying those assets which contribute value and how best to optimize each of those asset’s contribution to our overall financial performance. This review resulted in the divestiture or closure of certain studios, reductions in headcount, restructuring of earn out arrangements, and other changes to our Apps portfolio, such as restructuring of certain assets or choosing to make changes to optimize the cost structure of certain Apps rather than investing in revenue growth. For example, we have reduced our user acquisition spend for our portfolio of Apps as we increased our desired return goals, which has led to improved Apps Adjusted EBITDA margin compared to periods before such adjustments, but also contributed to a decline in Apps Revenue and Monthly Active Payers ("MAPs") compared to periods before such adjustments. In addition, our strategic review and any restructuring actions may lead to claims being made on behalf of affected employees, which could result in complaints by current and former employees, adverse media coverage, investigations, and damages or penalties which could affect our reputation, business, and results of operations. In addition, responding to any such proceeding may result in a significant diversion of management's attention and resources, significant defense costs, and other professional fees. We may not achieve the desired strategic, operational, and financial benefits of any
21
Table
of
Contents
divestiture or other strategic transaction, or any other action taken as a result of our strategic review, and we may incur near term impacts to our results of operations due to our strategic review. For example, in 2022 we incurred $127.9 million in impairment and loss in connection with the sale of certain assets resulting from our strategic review of the Apps portfolio. As a result of this review, we may be subject to risks related to a decline in the business or employee morale and turnover, as well as distraction of management from our business and customers, and investors may not react favorably to our decisions, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and the market price of our Class A common stock.
On February 12, 2025 we announced that we had entered into a term sheet for the sale of our mobile gaming business to a privately held company for total