basis (in thousands):
Non-Marketable Equity Securities Measured at Net Asset Value
The Company held equity interests in certain private equity funds of $
77.3
million and $
56.7
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are measured using the net asset value practical expedient. Under the net asset value practical expedient, the Company records investments based on the proportionate share of the underlying funds’ net asset value. These investments are included in other assets in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.
These funds vary in investment strategies and generally have an initial term of
7
to
10
years, which may be extended for
2
to
3
additional years with the applicable approval. These investments are subject to certain restrictions regarding transfers and withdrawals and generally cannot be redeemed with the funds. Distributions from the funds will be received as the underlying investments are liquidated. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss is limited to the carrying value of these investments of $
77.3
million and the unfunded commitments of $
21.5
million as of December 31, 2024.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company made total capital contributions of $
19.0
million related to these investments. The Company recorded an immaterial unrealized gain related to these investments for any period presented.
Non-Marketable Equity Securities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis
The Company's non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately held companies without readily determinable fair values. The Company elected the measurement alternative to account for these investments. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value of the non-marketable equity securities are adjusted based on price changes from observable transactions of identical or similar securities of the same issuer or for impairment. Any changes in carrying value are recorded within other income, net in the Company's consolidated statement of operations.
In February 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to invest $
50.0
million in the Series C preferred stock financing of Humans, Inc., the developer of the Flip Shop social shopping app ("Flip Shop"), of which $
10.0
million was closed in February 2024 and the remaining $
40.0
million was closed in April 2024. In February 2024, the Company also entered into an arm's length commercial agreement with Flip Shop related to its use of the Company's AXON technology under a revenue share model.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company also acquired certain additional non-marketable equity securities for a total of $
8.0
million.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the carrying amounts of the Company's non-marketable equity securities were $
68.1
million and $
10.1
million, respectively, and were included in other assets in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.
Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
In October 2022 and March 2023, the