subject to certain exceptions, and secured by (i) substantially all assets of the Borrowers and the U.S. guarantors and (ii) a pledge by Tripledot Group Holdings Limited of the equity interests held by it in each Borrower and U.S. guarantor, in each case subject to permitted liens and certain customary exceptions. Within 90 days after the Closing, the obligations of the Borrowers under the Promissory Note will also be guaranteed by Purchaser Parent and secured by (a) substantially all assets of the U.K. guarantors and (b) a share pledge by Purchaser Parent of the equity interests held by it in each U.K. guarantor and U.S. guarantor, in each case subject to permitted liens and certain customary exceptions. The Promissory Note includes negative covenants limiting, with certain exceptions, (1) dispositions, (2) changes in business, (3) mergers or acquisitions, (4) indebtedness, (5) liens, (6) distributions and investments and (7) transactions with affiliates; provided that the foregoing covenants allow redemptions and repurchases of a certain series of stock of Purchaser Parent up to an aggregate amount of $205 million. The Promissory Note also contains certain customary affirmative covenants and events of default.
The consummation of the Transactions is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions, including (i) the approval of the Agreement and the Transactions by the requisite shareholders of Purchaser Parent and the occurrence of certain pre-Closing actions with respect to Purchaser Parent’s capitalization structure, (ii) the absence of any law or order preventing or prohibiting the consummation of the Transactions, (iii) expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, (iv) the accuracy of each party’s representations and warranties (subject to customary materiality and other qualifiers), (v) each party’s performance and compliance with its covenants contained in the Agreement, (vi) the absence of a material adverse effect on the Gaming Business or on Purchaser Parent, and (vii) other closing deliverables. The Transactions are not subject to any financing condition.
Key Metrics
We review the following key metrics on a regular basis in order to evaluate the health of our Apps segment, identify trends affecting its performance, prepare financial projections, and make strategic decisions.
Monthly Active Payers ("MAPs").
We define a MAP as a unique mobile device active on one of our Apps in a month that completed at least one IAP during that time period. A consumer who makes IAPs within two separate Apps on the same mobile device in a monthly period will be counted as two MAPs. MAPs for a particular time period longer than one month are the average MAPs for each month during that period. We estimate the number of MAPs by aggregating certain data from third-party attribution partners.
Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer ("ARPMAP").
We define ARPMAP as