Company entered into multiple pay-fixed receive-variable interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy in connection with the term loans under a certain credit agreement (see Note 9 - Debt). The Company elected to not designate the interest rate swaps as hedging instruments for accounting purposes and recorded both realized and unrealized gains and losses associated with the interest rate swaps immediately through earnings in interest expense in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. The fair value of the outstanding interest rate swaps are determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis based on the expected cash
73
Table
of
Contents
flows of the interest rate swaps. The Company has determined that the significant inputs, such as interest yield curve and discount rate, used to value its interest rate swaps fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. All interest rate swaps were settled during 2023 and the Company had no outstanding interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2023. The Company recorded net gains of $
15.8
million and $
5.9
million related to the interest rate swaps during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Cash paid for or received from the settlements of the interest rate swaps are presented in net cash provided by operating activities and the supplemental disclosure of cash paid for interest, net in the Company's consolidated statement of cash flows.
4.
Supplemental Financial Statement Information
Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
Depreciation expenses were $
29.4
million, $
26.4
million, and $
29.3
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Accrued and other current liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):
5.
Commitments and Contingencies
Commitments
—As of December 31, 2024, the Company's non-cancelable minimum purchase commitments totaled $
1.2
billion, which consisted primarily of a certain arrangement related to third-party cloud computing services. In August 2024, the Company amended its agreement with the cloud service provider. Under the amended agreement, the Company committed to spend a minimum of $
1.3
billion over a
three-year
period. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had made payments of $
107.4
million towards this commitment.
As of December 31, 2024, f
uture minimum payments under these non-cancelable purchase commitments with a remaining term in excess of one year were as follows (in thousands):
In addition, the Company had total unfunded commitments of $
21.5
million related to investments in certain private equity funds. For additional information, see Note 3 - Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements.
Contingencies
—From time to time, the Company may have certain contingent liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business activities. The Company accrues a liability for such matters when it is