developing and improving games. These agreements typically have a fixed term, after which our partner studios may choose not to continue working with us. Any deterioration in our relationship with partner studios may harm our ability to monetize the games we purchase or develop and launch future mobile games developed by partner studios and may lead to such partner studios choosing not to renew their partnerships with us or continue to develop new games or support existing games. Further, if a partner studio becomes dissatisfied with us, our brand and reputation may be harmed and we may have more difficulty entering into similar partnerships in the future. Additionally, our international partner studios may be located in areas with less certain legal and regulatory regimes or more potential risks, which may increase our costs to maintain such strategic partnership. If we are unable to maintain any of these partnerships, we may be required to invest significant resources in expanding our other studios or entering into agreements with additional mobile gaming studios in order to continue producing the same volume and quality of Apps, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our announced term sheet for the sale of our mobile gaming business includes these strategic partnerships. If the definitive agreements for the proposed transaction are executed, such agreements may be subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, including regulatory approvals, and we may not be able to complete the proposed transaction or do so in a timely manner. Failure to complete the proposed transaction may result in negative publicity. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.
If we are unable to launch or acquire new Apps and successfully monetize them, or continue to improve the experience and monetization of our existing Apps, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Our Apps portfolio depends in part on launching or acquiring, and continuing to service, mobile apps that users will download and spend time and money using. We have devoted and we may in the future continue to devote substantial resources to the research, development, analytics, and marketing of our Apps. Our development and marketing efforts are focused on improving the experience of our existing Apps, developing new Apps, and successfully monetizing our Apps. Our Apps generate revenue primarily through the sale of advertising, a substantial portion of which comes from other mobile gaming clients, and IAPs. For Apps distributed through third-party platforms, we are required to share a portion of the proceeds from in-game sales with the platform providers, which share may be subject to changes or increases over time. In order to achieve and maintain our profitability, we need to generate sufficient revenue from our