new markets may begin to generate revenue or decline in popularity. Further, we cannot be certain if a new App or product will become popular amongst users and generate revenue. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to develop and enhance our Advertising solutions, including expansion into new markets, and consistently and timely launch new Apps and products. It is difficult for us to predict with certainty when we will expand our Advertising solutions, launch a new App or product, or enter a new market as we may require longer development schedules or soft launch periods to meet our quality standards and expectations. If our clients do not adopt our new Advertising offerings, or develop or further invest in their own competing alternatives, or if we are unable to successfully launch or acquire new Apps or products or maintain or improve existing Apps or successfully enter a new market, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Fluctuations in our results of operations may cause such results to fall below our financial guidance or the expectations of analysts or investors, which could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.
Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or user data, other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems, or other cyber incidents could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.
The advertising and mobile app ecosystems are prone to cyberattacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to our data or the data of our clients or users or to disrupt our ability to provide service. Our Advertising solutions, Apps, and other offerings involve the collection, storage, transmission, and other processing of a large amount of data, including personal information, and we and our third-party service providers otherwise store and process information, including our confidential and
11
Table
of
Contents
proprietary business information, and personal information and other information relating to our employees and clients or other third parties. We also store and implement measures designed to secure the source code for our Advertising solutions and Apps as they are created. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches or incidents impacting our Advertising solutions, Apps, or our systems or other systems used in our business, or improper access to or disclosure of our data, including source code, or user data, including personal information, content, or payment information from users, or information from clients or other third parties, that is stored or otherwise processed in our business could result in the unauthorized loss, modification, disclosure, destruction, or other processing of such data, or unavailability of data or of our Advertising solutions, Apps, or other offerings. Any such event, or the perception it has occurred, could adversely affect our business and reputation, damage our operations, result in claims,