probable that future expenditures will be made, and such expenditures can be reasonably estimated.
Letters of Credit
—As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had outstanding letters of credit in the aggregate amount of $
6.3
million and $
6.3
million, respectively, which were issued as security for certain leased office facilities under the Credit Agreement. These letters of credit have never been drawn upon. For additional information, see Note 9 - Debt.
74
Table
of
Contents
Legal Proceedings
—The Company is involved from time to time in litigation, claims, and proceedings. The outcomes of the Company’s legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainty.
The Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If it is determined that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, the reasonably possible loss is disclosed. The Company evaluates developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and makes adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine the likelihood of matters and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters. Losses in connection with legal proceedings have not been material for any period presented.
The Company expenses legal fees in the period in which they are incurred.
Indemnifications
—The Company enters into indemnification provisions under agreements with other parties in the ordinary course of business, including certain customers, business partners, investors, contractors and the Company’s officers, directors and certain employees. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential loss under these indemnification provisions due to the Company’s limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular provision. To date, losses recorded in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations in connection with the indemnification provisions have not been material. As of December 31, 2024, the Company did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible.
Non-income Taxes
—The Company may be subject to audit by various tax authorities with regard to non-income tax matters. The subject matter of non-income tax audits primarily arises from different interpretations on tax treatment and tax rates applied. The Company accrues liabilities for non-income taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, the Company discloses the reasonably possible loss.
6.
Business Combinations
Wurl—On April 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of all of the equity interests of