party platforms could drive rapid change across the mobile app and advertising ecosystems. For example, in April 2021, Apple started implementing its application tracking transparency framework that, among other things, requires users' opt-in consent for certain types of tracking. While this transparency framework has not had a significant impact on our overall business, it may do so in the future, including with respect to the effectiveness of our advertising practices and/or our ability to efficiently generate revenue for our Apps. We rely in part on Identifier for Advertisers ("IDFA") to provide us with data that helps our Advertising solutions better market and monetize Apps. In light of the IDFA and transparency changes, we made changes to our data collection practices. To the extent we are unable to utilize IDFA or a similar offering, or if the transparency changes and any related opt-in or other requirements result in decreases in the availability or utility of data relating to Apps, our Advertising solutions may not be as effective, we may not be able to continue to efficiently generate revenue for our Apps, and our revenue and results of operations may be harmed. Additionally, Apple implemented new requirements for consumer disclosures regarding privacy and data processing practices in December 2020, which has resulted in increased compliance requirements and could result in decreased usage of our Apps. Apple incorporated new SDK privacy controls into iOS 17, which was released in September 2023, including privacy manifests and signatures designed to allow app developers to outline the data practices for SDKs embedded in their apps, manage tracking domains within SDKs, and curb device fingerprinting by requiring app developers to select allowed reasons for using data received through certain APIs. In February 2022, Google announced its Privacy Sandbox initiative for Android, a multi-year effort expected to restrict tracking activity and limit advertisers' ability to collect app and user data across Android devices. In January 2024, Google commenced rolling out a Chrome feature, called Tracking Protection, which limits
47
Table
of
Contents
cross-site tracking. In May 2023, Google announced new consent management platform ("CMP") requirements for ads served in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and UK, which requires, as of January 2024, publishers using Google AdSense, Ad Manager, or AdMob to use a CMP that has been certified by Google and has integrated with the Interactive Advertising Bureau's ("IAB") Transparency and Consent Framework when serving ads to users in the EEA or the UK. While to date these third-party platform privacy changes have had some impact on the discoverability of apps across these platforms and have had a relatively muted aggregate impact on our results of operations, the ultimate impact of these or any similar or future changes to the policies of Apple or Google could adversely affect our business, financial