based on their respective participation rights. Basic net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing the net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by giving effect to all potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period. For periods in which the Company reports net losses, diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is the same as basic net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, because potentially dilutive common shares are anti-dilutive.
As the liquidation and dividend rights are identical for Class A and Class B common stock, the undistributed earnings are allocated on a proportional basis and the resulting basic and diluted EPS are the same for Class A and Class B common stock on an individual or combined basis.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Adopted)
—In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07,
Segment Reporting: Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures,
which requires disclosure of incremental segment information on an annual and interim basis. The amendment is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The amendment must be applied retrospectively, and early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this ASU in its 2024 annual reporting. For additional information, see
Note 14 - Segments and Geographic Information
.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Not Yet Adopted)
—
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes:
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures,
which requires disaggregation of rate reconciliation categories and income taxes paid by jurisdiction. The amendments will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. The amendments may be applied prospectively or retrospectively, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is
72
Table
of
Contents
currently evaluating this ASU to determine its impact on the Company's disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03,
Income Statement: Reporting Comprehensive Income-Expense Disaggregation Disclosures
, which requires disaggregated disclosures, in the notes to the financial statements, of certain categories of expenses that are included in expense line items on the face of the income statement. The amendments will be effective for annual periods beginning February 1, 2027, and interim periods beginning February 1, 2028. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating this ASU to determine its impact on the Company's disclosures.
3.
Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements
The following table sets forth the Company’s financial instruments that were measured at fair value by level within the fair value hierarchy on a recurring