1,533 full-time and 30 part-time/intern employees, located in 17 countries. As a result of our historical strategic acquisition and partnership activity, we also have access to approximately 2,000 additional team members, a majority of whom are research and development resources and all of whom are located outside of the United States. Our geographic diversification enhances our ability to retain and attract highly skilled talent as well as manage our headcount costs. As of December 31, 2024, approximately 54% of our global employees were located outside of the U.S. and 46% in the U.S. Approximately 45% of our U.S. employees are from one or more diverse groups, including Asian, Hispanic or Latino, Black or African American, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, American Indian or Alaska Native, or Two or More Races and approximately 34% of our U.S. employees are female. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. In certain countries in which we operate, we are subject to, and comply with, local labor law requirements, which may automatically make our employees subject to industry-wide collective bargaining agreements. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relations with our employees as positive.
Our employees are a key reason for our success and essential for our continued growth. We benefit from a distributed global workforce and plan to continue investing in our employees. We provide competitive compensation packages designed to attract and retain talent, as informed by market compensation surveys and data. We have multiple incentive programs throughout the organization designed to provide short-term and long-term incentives, including base cash, equity and/or performance cash awards.
Compliance with Government Regulation
We are subject to various federal, state, and international laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on mobile platforms, including those relating to privacy, data protection, and the use and protection of data from employees, users and others (including minors), the internet, behavioral advertising, mobile apps, content, advertising and marketing activities, sweepstakes and giveaways, e-commerce and anti-corruption. Additional laws and regulations relating to these areas likely will be passed in the future, and these or existing laws and regulations may be interpreted or enforced in new or expanded manners, each of which could result in significant limitations on ways we can collect and process data of users, employees and others, communicate with users, and operate our business. New and evolving laws and regulations, and changes in their enforcement and interpretation, may require changes to our Advertising solutions, Apps, or business practices, and may significantly increase our compliance costs and otherwise adversely affect our business and results of operations. As our business expands to further scale our Advertising solutions and include additional