strategic risk exposure, and our executive officers are responsible for the day-to-day management of the material risks we face
.
Our Board of Directors administers its cybersecurity risk oversight function directly as a whole, as well as through the Audit Committee
.
40
Table
of
Contents
Our
Head of Information Security and Compliance
and our
InfoSec management team
are primarily responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats.
Our Head of Information Security and Compliance has over two decades of experience leading cybersecurity, data privacy and risk management programs for large, multi-national organizations and Fortune 500 companies, and CISSP and CRISC certifications
. Our InfoSec management team is comprised of qualified cybersecurity professionals whose collective expertise includes penetration testing, cyber threat intelligence, data privacy, information security, and risk and compliance in the healthcare, financial, and technology industries, with certifications such as CISA, CRISC, CISSP, CCSP, CIPP, GIAC, and OSCP.
Our Head of Information Security and Compliance and our InfoSec management team, in partnership with our legal privacy team, oversee our cybersecurity policies and processes, including those described in “Risk Management and Strategy” above.
Our Head of Information Security and Compliance and our InfoSec management team are informed about and monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through their implementation and oversight of safeguards, including through the use of automated tools and manual processes, like security event monitoring, vulnerability scanning, threat analytics, security awareness and training, endpoint security, bug bounty program, offensive security testing, and third-party risk and monitoring
.
Our Head of Information Security and Compliance provides quarterly and as needed briefings to the Audit Committee
regarding our company’s cybersecurity program and information security risks, including any recent AppLovin-related cybersecurity incidents and possible responses, internal and third-party cybersecurity systems testing, third-party risk management, and other topics related to cybersecurity. The Audit Committee provides updates to the Board on such reports. The Company has adopted an escalation process for review of cybersecurity incidents, based on severity level, by an internal cyber task force with oversight by the Audit Committee. In addition, our Head of Information Security and Compliance provides annual briefings to the Board on our cybersecurity program and risks.
Item 2. Properties
Our corporate headquarters is in Palo Alto, California, where we currently lease approximately 72,812 square feet under a lease agreement that expires in May 2028. We also lease and license additional facilities in the United States and internationally, including in Beijing and Shanghai, China; Berlin and Frankfurt, Germany; and