on the Company's Apps to third-party advertisers. Advertisers purchase ad inventory either through the Advertising solutions or through third-party advertising networks (“Ad Networks”). Revenue from the sale of ad inventory through Ad Networks is recognized net of the amounts retained by Ad Networks as the Company is unable to determine the gross amount paid by the advertisers to Ad Networks. The Company recognizes revenue when the ad is displayed to users.
The Company presents taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities on a net basis.
Disaggregation of Revenue
The following table presents revenue disaggregated by segment and type (in thousands):
Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on user location, consists of the following (in thousands):
Contract Balances
Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue, which are recorded for payments received in advance of the satisfaction of performance obligations. During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recognized $
47.8
million and $
53.0
million of revenue that was included in deferred revenue as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Unsatisfied Performance Obligations
Substantially all of the Company’s unsatisfied performance obligations relate to contracts with an original expected length of one year or less.
3.
Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements
Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value by Level on a Recurring Basis
As of December 31, 2024, the Company held $
41.5
million in money market deposit accounts, which were included in cash and cash equivalents and classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. The balance of such accounts was
not
material as of March 31, 2025.
Non-Marketable Equity Securities Measured at Net Asset Value
The Company held equity interests in certain private equity funds of $
97.7
million and $
77.3
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, which are measured using the net asset value practical expedient. Under the net asset value practical expedient, the Company records investments based on the
11
Table of
C
ontents
proportionate share of the underlying funds’ net asset value as of the Company's reporting date. These investments are included in other assets in the Company’s condensed consolidated balance sheets.
These funds vary in investment strategies and generally have an initial term of
7
to
10
years, which may be extended for
2
to
3
additional years with the applicable approval. These investments are subject to certain restrictions regarding transfers and withdrawals and generally cannot be redeemed with the funds. Distributions from the funds will be received as the underlying investments are liquidated. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss is limited to the carrying value of these investments of $
97.7
million and the unfunded commitments of $
3.0
million as of March 31, 2025.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company made total