(the "SCCs"); however, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the SCCs have been subject to legal challenge, and on July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the EU held in the Schrems II case that the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield was invalid, and imposed obligations in connection with use of the SCCs. EU regulators also have issued guidance that we and other companies must consider and undertake when using the SCCs. On June 4, 2021, the European Commission adopted new SCCs to reflect GDPR requirements. The United Kingdom’s Information Commissioner’s Office also has issued new standard contractual clauses for which implementation is required. Further, the Austrian, French, Italian, and Danish data protection authorities have indicated that use of Google Analytics by European website operators involves the unlawful transfer of personal data to the United States. In March 2022, the EU and U.S. agreed in principle upon a new EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”). On July 10, 2023, the European Commission adopted an adequacy decision in relation to the EU-U.S. DPF, allowing it to be used to legitimize EU-U.S. personal data transfers for participating entities. The United Kingdom and U.S. also have established a UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (the “UK Extension”), effective October 12, 2023, whereby entities participating in the EU-U.S. DPF, may rely upon the UK Extension to legitimize United Kingdom-U.S. personal data transfers. Further, on July 17, 2023, the Swiss-U.S. Data
56
Table of
C
ontents
Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”), which provides for a means of legitimizing personal data transfers from Switzerland to the U.S., entered into effect. We are self-certified under the EU-U.S. DPF, Swiss-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension. The EU-U.S. DPF has faced legal challenge, and it and the Swiss-U.S. DPF and UK Extension may be subject to further legal challenges. The European Commission’s adequacy decision regarding the EU-U.S. DPF provides that the EU-U.S. DPF will be subject to future reviews and may be subject to suspension, amendment, repeal, or limitations to its scope by the European Commission. The SCCs and other cross-border data transfer mechanisms may also be the subject of additional legislative activity and regulatory guidance. We and many other companies may need to implement different or additional measures to establish or maintain legitimate means for the transfer and receipt of personal data from the EEA, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or other jurisdictions to the United States, and we may, in addition to other impacts, experience additional costs associated with increased compliance burdens, and we and our clients face the potential for regulators to apply different standards to the transfer of personal data from various jurisdictions to the United States, and to block, or require ad hoc verification of measures taken with respect to, certain data flows.
We also may find it necessary to engage in contract negotiations with third parties