registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the US federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current‐period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Performance-based Restricted Stock Units - Refer to Note 2 and Note 11 to the financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
In November 2024, the Company granted performance-based restricted stock units (“PSUs”) which are eligible to vest based on the achievement of certain stock price targets and the satisfaction of service conditions. The grant date fair value of the PSUs is $36.1 million.
A Monte Carlo simulation was utilized to determine the grant date fair value. The Monte Carlo simulation model utilized the stock price on the date of grant, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, discount for lack of marketability and dividend yield to calculate the grant date fair value. The assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation model had a significant effect on the grant date fair value of the PSUs.
Given the level of judgment involved by management, which included the use of a specialist to determine the grant date fair value of the PSUs and the derived service period, our audit procedures required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the