use the Advertising solutions. Apps Revenue consists of in-app purchase revenue ("IAP Revenue") generated from in-app purchases made by users within the Company’s apps (“Apps”), and in-app advertising revenue ("IAA Revenue") generated from third-party advertisers that purchase ad inventory from Apps.
Advertising Revenue
The vast majority of the
Advertising
Revenue is generated through AppDiscovery and MAX, which provide the technology to match advertisers and owners of digital advertising inventory (“Publishers”) via auctions at large scale and microsecond-level speeds. The terms for all mobile advertising arrangements are governed by the Company’s terms and conditions and generally
67
Table
of
Contents
stipulate payment terms of 30 days subsequent to the end of the month. Substantially all of the Company's contracts with customers are fully cancellable at any time or upon a short notice.
The Company’s performance obligation is to provide customers with access to the Advertising solutions, which facilitates the advertiser’s purchase of ad inventory from Publishers. The Company does not control the ad inventory prior to its transfer to the advertiser, because the Company does not have the substantive ability to direct the use of nor obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the ad inventory. The Company is not primarily responsible for fulfillment. The Company is an agent as it relates to the sale of third-party advertising inventory and presents revenue on a net basis. The transaction price is the product of either the number of completions of agreed upon actions or advertisements displayed and the contractually agreed upon price per advertising unit with the advertiser less consideration paid or payable to Publishers. The Company recognizes
Advertising
Revenue when the agreed upon action is completed or when the ad is displayed to users. The number of advertisements delivered and completions of agreed upon actions is determined at the end of each month, which resolves any uncertainty in the transaction price during the reporting period.
Advertising
Revenue also includes revenue generated from
Adjust's measurement and analytics marketing platform
that is recognized ratably over the subscription period of generally up to twelve months. Revenue from other services was not material.
Apps Revenue
In-App Purchase Revenue
IAP Revenue includes fees collected from users to purchase virtual goods to enhance their gameplay experience. The identified performance obligation is to provide users with the ability to acquire, use, and hold virtual items over the estimated period of time the virtual items are available to the user or until the virtual item is consumed. Payment is required at the time of purchase, and the purchase price is a fixed amount.
Users make IAPs through the Company’s distribution partners. The transaction price is equal to the gross amount charged to users because the Company is the principal in the transaction. IAP fees are