defects in these third-party products, services, and components could cause us to face increased costs, claims, liability, and additional or new obligations, reduced revenue, and harm to our reputation or competitive position. We and our service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques, react, remediate or otherwise address any security vulnerability, breach or other security incident in a timely manner, or implement adequate preventative measures.
12
Table
of
Contents
Further, we utilize AI technologies in our Advertising solutions and Apps and may expand such use in the future. Our use of AI technologies, and the use of AI technologies in third-party products and services, may create additional cybersecurity risks or increase cybersecurity risks, including risks of security breaches and incidents, and related liability and harm to our reputation. Further, AI technologies may be used in connection with certain cybersecurity attacks, resulting in heightened risks of security breaches and incidents.
In addition to our efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risks, we are working to combat misuse of our services and user data by third parties. We may not discover all such incidents or other activities, in connection with our efforts to combat misuse or otherwise, and we may be notified of such incidents or activity by users, the media, or other third parties. Such incidents and activities have in the past, and may in the future, include the processing of user data or use of our systems in manners inconsistent with our terms, contracts or policies, the existence of false or undesirable user accounts, improper advertising practices, activities that threaten people’s safety or spamming, scraping, data harvesting, or unsecured datasets. We may also be unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise remediate or respond to any such incidents effectively or in a timely manner. Any of the foregoing developments, or any reports of them occurring or the perception that any of them has occurred, could adversely affect user trust and engagement, harm our brand and reputation, require us to change our business practices, result in claims, demands, investigations, and other proceedings by private parties or governmental actors, and fines, penalties, and other liability or obligations, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad relating to cybersecurity and data protection, some of which provide a private right of action. Many jurisdictions have enacted breach notification obligations, and our agreements with certain customers or partners may require us to notify them or fulfill other obligations in the event of a security breach or incident. Affected users or government authorities could initiate legal or regulatory actions against us in connection with any actual or perceived security breaches or incidents or