capital contributions of $
18.7
million related to these investments. The Company recognized immaterial unrealized gains related to these investments for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Non-Marketable Equity Securities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis
The Company's non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately held companies without readily determinable fair values. The Company elected the measurement alternative to account for these investments. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value of the non-marketable equity securities are adjusted based on price changes from observable transactions of identical or similar securities of the same issuer or for impairment. Any changes in carrying value are recorded within other income, net in the Company's condensed consolidated statement of operations.
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the carrying amounts of the Company's non-marketable equity securities were $
68.1
million and $
68.1
million, respectively, and were included in other assets in the Company’s condensed consolidated balance sheets. Since acquisition, the Company had recorded a cumulative impairment charge of $
28.0
million related to these investments.
4.
Commitments and Contingencies
Commitments
As of March 31, 2025, the Company's non-cancelable minimum purchase commitments were primarily related to a multi-year contractual arrangement with a cloud services provider. In August 2024, the Company amended its agreement with the provider, committing to spend a minimum of $
1.3
billion over a
three-year
period. By March 31, 2025, the Company had made cumulative payments of $
228.8
million towards this commitment.
Contingencies
From time to time, the Company may have certain contingent liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business activities. The Company accrues a liability for such matters when it is probable that future expenditures will be made, and such expenditures can be reasonably estimated.
Letters of Credit
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company had outstanding letters of credit in the aggregate amount of $
6.3
million and $
6.3
million, respectively, which were issued as security for certain leased office facilities under the Credit Agreement. These letters of credit have never been drawn upon.
Legal Proceedings
The Company is involved from time to time in litigation, claims, and proceedings. The outcomes of the Company’s legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainty, and could, either individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect.
The Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If it is determined that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, the reasonably possible loss is disclosed. The Company evaluates developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of