basis. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.
Certain prior period amounts reported in the Company's consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.
Use of Estimates
—The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The Company bases its estimates on assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including, but not limited to, those related to fair values of assets and liabilities acquired through acquisitions, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, expected period of consumption of virtual goods, income and indirect taxes, contingent liabilities, evaluation of recoverability of intangible assets and long-lived assets, goodwill impairment, stock-based compensation, fair value of derivatives and other financial instruments. These estimates are inherently subject to judgment and actual results could differ materially from those estimates.
Risk and Uncertainties
—The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, as a result of the political uncertainty and international conflicts around the world, such as between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, as well as, friction between the United States and
China. A
s of the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements, the Company’s results of operations have not been materially impacted. However, the future impact of these events remains uncertain as the response to and information related to these events is rapidly evolving. A weakened global economy may negatively impact in-app purchasing decisions and consumer buying decisions across the globe generally, which could adversely affect advertiser activity. The full impact of these events on the global economy and the extent to which these events may impact the Company’s business, financial condition, and results of operations in the future remains uncertain. The severity of the impact of the political uncertainty and international conflicts around the world on the Company’s business will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the duration and severity of these events and the extent and severity of the impact on the Company’s customers, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. The Company’s future results of operations and liquidity could be adversely impacted by delays in payments of outstanding receivable amounts beyond normal payment terms and uncertain demand.
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
—
The Company generates Advertising and Apps Revenue. Advertising Revenue is generated primarily from fees collected from advertisers including advertising networks who