successfully launch or acquire new Apps or products or maintain or improve existing Apps or successfully enter a new market, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Fluctuations in our results of operations may cause such results to fall below our financial guidance or the expectations of analysts or investors, which could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.
Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or user data, other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems, or other cyber incidents could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.
The advertising and mobile app ecosystems are prone to cyberattacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to our data or the data of our clients or users or to disrupt our ability to provide service. Our Advertising solutions, Apps, and other offerings involve the collection, storage, transmission, and other processing of a large amount of data, including personal information, and we and our third-party service providers otherwise store and process information, including our confidential and proprietary business information, and personal information and other information relating to our employees, users, and clients or other third parties. We also store and implement measures designed to secure the source code for our Advertising solutions and Apps as they are created. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches or incidents impacting our Advertising solutions, Apps, or our systems or other systems used in our business, or improper access to or disclosure of our data, including source code, or user data, including personal information or content from users, or information from clients or other third parties, that is stored or otherwise processed in our business could result in the unauthorized loss, modification, disclosure, destruction, or other unauthorized processing of such data, or unavailability of data or of our Advertising solutions, Apps, or other offerings. Any such event, or the perception it has occurred, could adversely affect our business and reputation, damage our operations, result in claims, litigation, or regulatory investigations or enforcement actions, fines, penalties, or other liability or obligations, and diminish our competitive position. In particular, a breach or incident, whether physical, electronic, or otherwise, impacting systems on which source code or other sensitive data are stored could lead to loss, disruption, unavailability, or piracy of, or damage to, our offerings, lost or reduced ability to protect our intellectual property, and diminished competitive position.
Malware (including ransomware), viruses, social engineering (predominantly spear phishing attacks or smishing), and general hacking have become more prevalent in the advertising and mobile app ecosystems. Some of these have occurred on our systems and otherwise in our business in the past, and we expect they will