liability that has been previously accrued, and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and makes adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine the likelihood of matters and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters. To date, losses in connection with legal proceedings have not been material.
The Company expenses legal fees in the period in which they are incurred.
12
Table of
C
ontents
Indemnifications
The Company enters into indemnification provisions under agreements with other parties in the ordinary course of business, including certain customers, business partners, investors, contractors and the Company’s officers, directors and certain employees. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential loss under these indemnification provisions due to the Company’s limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular provision. To date, losses recorded in the Company’s condensed consolidated statements of operations in connection with the indemnification provisions have not been material. As of March 31, 2025, the Company did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible.
Non-income Taxes
The Company may be subject to audit by various tax authorities with regard to non-income tax matters. The subject matter of non-income tax audits primarily arises from different interpretations on tax treatment and tax rates applied. The Company accrues liabilities for non-income taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. If a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, the Company discloses the reasonably possible loss.
5.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
The following table presents the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reporting unit (in thousands):
The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired.
On February 12, 2025, the Company entered into a non-binding term sheet to sell its mobile gaming business to Tripledot, a privately held company. On May 7, 2025, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a definitive agreement with Tripledot and its affiliates to sell the Company’s mobile gaming business for total consideration consisting of $
150.0
million in cash, a $
250.0
million secured promissory note, and equity representing approximately
20
% of Tripledot’s fully diluted equity capitalization at closing, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. The closing of the transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.
The Company identified the non-binding term sheet combined with negotiations throughout the first quarter of 2025 to sell the mobile gaming business