prove successful and we may discover material inaccuracies. In addition, our methodology for calculating these metrics may be updated from time to time and may differ from the methodology used by other companies to calculate similar metrics and figures. We may also discover unexpected errors in the data that we are using that resulted from technical or other errors. If we determine that any of our metrics or figures are not accurate, we may be required to revise or cease reporting such metrics or figures. Any real or perceived inaccuracies in our metrics and other figures could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.
34
Table
of
Contents
We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill becomes impaired.
We are required under GAAP to review our goodwill for impairment at least annually or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances, indicating a requirement to reevaluate whether our goodwill continues to be recoverable, include a significant decline in the market price of our Class A common stock and our market capitalization, slower growth rates in our industry, underperformance of certain assets, or other materially adverse events. We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill is determined.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and our obligations thereunder may limit our operational flexibility or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
As of December 31, 2024, we had a total of $3.6 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes outstanding (the “Senior Notes”). We also had $1.0 billion of commitments (with a $100 million letter of credit sublimit) under our senior unsecured credit agreement that provides for an unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Credit Agreement”). As of December 31, 2024, we have no outstanding loans under the Credit Agreement. There can be no assurance that we will be able to repay our indebtedness when due, or that we will be able to refinance this indebtedness on acceptable terms or at all.
Our indebtedness could adversely impact us. For example, these obligations could among other things:
•
require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service and repay the indebtedness, reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes
•
make it difficult for us to pay other obligations;
•
increase our cost of borrowing;
•
make it difficult to obtain favorable terms for any necessary future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions and partnerships, debt service requirements, or other purposes;
•
restrict us from making strategic acquisitions and partnerships or cause us to make divestitures or similar transactions;