the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars in consolidation. If there is a change in foreign currency exchange rates, the translating adjustments resulting from the conversion of our foreign subsidiaries’ financial statements into U.S. dollars would result in a gain or loss recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), which is part of stockholders’ equity. We are also exposed to fluctuations in our net income (loss) as a result of transaction gains or losses related to remeasuring monetary asset and liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates may negatively affect our future revenue and other results of operations as expressed in U.S. dollars. At this time, we do not, but we may in the future, enter into derivatives or other financial instruments in an attempt to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses were not material for the year ended December 31, 2024, 2023, or 2022.
56
Table
of
Contents
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
APPLOVIN CORPORATION
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
57
Table
of
Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of AppLovin Corporation
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AppLovin Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), redeemable noncontrolling interest and stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27, 2025, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm