2025, we, along with our subsidiaries Morocco, Inc. and AppLovin GmbH (collectively, the “Sellers”) entered into a Purchase Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Tripledot (“Purchaser Parent”) and its subsidiaries Eton Games Inc. and Tripledot Group Holdings Limited (collectively, with Purchaser Parent, the “Purchasers”). On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement, Sellers will transfer the equity interests of certain wholly-owned subsidiaries that are engaged in our mobile gaming business (the “Gaming Business”) to Purchasers, for total consideration (the “Purchase Price,” and such sale, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Agreement, the “Transactions”) consisting of (i) $400.0 million in cash consideration, comprised of (a) $150.0 million to be paid in cash at the closing of the Transactions (the “Closing”) and (b) a $250.0 million secured promissory note to be issued by Eton Games Inc. (collectively with any other U.S. subsidiaries of Purchaser Parent designated as a co-Borrower thereunder, “Borrowers”) to us or our designated affiliate at the Closing (the “Promissory Note”), and (ii) equity consideration comprised of ordinary shares of Purchaser Parent representing approximately 20% of the fully-diluted equity capitalization of Purchaser Parent at the Closing. Purchaser Parent anticipates financing a portion of the cash Purchase Price payable at the Closing with debt.
The terms of the Promissory Note provide for a maturity of 18 months from the Closing, with no amortization. The Borrowers are permitted to voluntarily prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Promissory Note, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty. The advance under the Promissory Note bears interest at a rate per annum equal to eleven percent (11%). As of the Closing, the obligations of the Borrowers under the Promissory Note will be guaranteed by all U.S. and U.K. subsidiaries of the Purchaser Parent, subject to certain exceptions, and secured by (i) substantially all assets of the Borrowers and the U.S. guarantors and (ii) a pledge by Tripledot Group Holdings Limited of the equity interests held by it in each Borrower and U.S. guarantor, in each case subject to permitted liens and certain customary exceptions. Within 90 days after the Closing, the obligations of the Borrowers under the Promissory Note will also be guaranteed by Purchaser Parent and secured by (a) substantially all assets of the U.K. guarantors and (b) a share pledge by Purchaser Parent of the equity interests held by it in each U.K. guarantor and U.S. guarantor, in each case subject to permitted liens and certain customary exceptions.
The Transactions may be delayed, and may ultimately not be completed, due to a number of factors, including the failure to obtain regulatory approvals from the requisite government entities or the failure to satisfy the other conditions to the completion of the Transactions, If the Transactions are terminated or