with Rafael Vivas, the brother of Eduardo Vivas, a member of the Company's board of directors, for the purpose of advancing him funds to allow him to early exercise his stock options (“Vivas Note”). The Vivas Note was issued in the amount of $
2.3
million at an interest rate of
2.59
%, and later amended on August 7, 2020 to lower the interest rate on the outstanding balance of such note to the then applicable IRS annual mid-term rate of
0.41
%. On March 8, 2024, the principal amount due under the Vivas Note plus accrued interest, or $
2.3
million, was repaid in full to the Company and the Vivas Note was extinguished.
The Company had no other material related party transactions for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
14.
Subsequent Events
On May 7, 2025, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into a definitive agreement with Tripledot and its affiliates to sell the Company’s mobile gaming business for total consideration consisting of $
150.0
million in cash, a $
250.0
million secured promissory note, and equity representing approximately
20
% of Tripledot’s fully diluted equity capitalization at closing, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. The closing of the transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.
The Company determined that the pending sale constitutes the disposal of substantially all of its Apps segment and represents a strategic shift that will have a major effect on its operations and financial results. Accordingly, the Company concluded that the Apps segment meets the criteria for classification as a discontinued operation under ASC 205-20, and will reflect the results of the Apps segment as a discontinued operation beginning in the second quarter of 2025.
18
Table of
C
ontents
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include those identified below and those discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors” and other parts of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future.
Overview
Our mission is to create meaningful connections between companies and their ideal customers. We provide end-to-end software and AI-powered solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audience. We also operate a portfolio of owned mobile apps and accelerated our market penetration through an active acquisition and partnership strategy. Our scaled business model is