vulnerabilities, some of which were undiscovered before the product was released, installed and used by customers. The complexity and breadth of our technical and production environments, which involve globally dispersed development and engineering teams, increases the risk that errors, defects or vulnerabilities will be introduced and may delay our ability to detect, mitigate or remediate such incidents.
In the past, elements of our proprietary source code have been exposed in an unauthorized manner. It is possible that such exposure of source code could reveal unknown security vulnerabilities in our products that could be exploited by malicious actors. Our products are also subject to known and unknown security vulnerabilities, including those resulting from integration with third-party products or services.
Although we continually seek to improve our countermeasures to prevent such incidents, we may be unable to anticipate every scenario and, as a result, certain cyber threats or vulnerabilities have in the past been and may in the future be undetected or unmitigated in time to prevent an attack or an accidental incident on us and our customers. Additionally, efforts by malicious cyber actors or others could cause interruptions, delays or cessation of our product licensing, or modification of our software, which could cause us to lose existing or potential customers.
A successful cyber-attack involving our products could cause customers and potential customers to believe our services are ineffective or unreliable and result in, among other things, the loss of customers, unfavorable publicity, damage to our reputation, difficulty in marketing our products, and allegations by our customers that we have not performed our contractual obligations, and give rise to significant costs, including costs related to developing solutions or indemnification obligations under our agreements. Any such event could adversely impact our revenue and results of operations. See also “
Cyber security threats or other security breaches, or any other impairment of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our IT systems, or those of one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
”
The growth of our software business depends on demand for our data center virtualization products, as well as customer acceptance of our products, services and business strategy.
Many of our software products and services are based on data center virtualization and related hybrid-cloud technologies used to manage distributed computing architectures, which form the foundation for hybrid-cloud computing. Enabling businesses to modernize applications and efficiently implement their hybrid-cloud services presents new and difficult technological, operational and compliance challenges. If businesses build new or shift existing compute workloads off-premises to public cloud providers, this could limit the market for on-premises