the over time criteria. As such, revenue is recognized over the development period with the measure of progress using the input method based on costs incurred to total cost as the services are provided. For NRE contracts that do not meet the over time criteria, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the NRE services are complete.
Material rights.
Contracts with customers may also include material rights that are also performance obligations. These include the right to renew or receive products or services at a discounted price in the future. Revenue allocated to material rights is recognized when the customer exercises the right or the right expires.
60
Table of Contents
Arrangements with Multiple Performance Obligations
Our contracts may contain more than one of the products and services listed above, each of which is separately accounted for as a distinct performance obligation.
Allocation of consideration.
We allocate total contract consideration to each distinct performance obligation in a bundled arrangement on a relative standalone selling price basis. The standalone selling price reflects the price we would charge for a specific product or service if it were sold separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers.
Standalone selling price.
When available, we use directly observable transactions to determine the standalone selling prices for performance obligations. When directly observable transactions are not available, our estimates of standalone selling price for each performance obligation require judgment that considers multiple factors, including, but not limited to, reasonably available data points such as costs incurred to provide the good or service, market conditions, entity-specific factors such as pricing strategies and objectives, and information about the customer.
We separately determine the standalone selling prices by product or service type. Additionally, we segment the standalone selling prices for products where the pricing strategies differ, and where there are differences in customers and circumstances that warrant segmentation.
We also estimate the standalone selling price of our material rights. We estimate the value of the customer’s option to purchase or receive additional products or services at a discounted price by estimating the incremental discount the customer would obtain when exercising the option and the likelihood that the option would be exercised.
Other Policies and Judgments
Contract modifications.
We may modify contracts to offer customers additional products or services. Each of the additional products and services is generally considered distinct from those products or services transferred to the customer before the modification. We evaluate whether the contract price for the additional products and services reflects the standalone selling price as adjusted for facts and circumstances applicable to that contract. In these cases, we account for the additional products or services as