violations of, these regulations. In addition, if our customers fail to comply with these regulations, we may be required to suspend sales to these customers, which could damage our reputation and negatively impact our results of operations. The U.S. government may continue to add companies to its restricted entity list and/or technologies to its list of prohibited exports to specific countries, which have had and may in the future have an adverse effect on our revenue and our ability to sell our products. These restrictive governmental actions and any similar measures that may be imposed on U.S. companies by other governments, especially in light of ongoing trade tensions with China, will likely limit or prevent us from doing business with certain of our customers or suppliers and harm our ability to compete effectively or otherwise negatively affect our ability to sell our products. Furthermore, government authorities may take retaliatory actions, impose conditions for the supply of products or require the license or other transfer of IP, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Our products and operations are also subject to regulation by U.S. and non-U.S. regulatory agencies, such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. We have previously been, and may in the future be, involved or required to participate in regulatory investigations or inquiries, such as the ongoing investigation by the Korean Fair Trade Commission into certain of our contracting and business practices, which have previously and may in the future evolve into legal or other administrative proceedings. Growing public concern over concentration of economic power in corporations is leading to increased anti-competition legislation, regulation, administrative rule making and enforcement activity. Involvement in regulatory investigations or inquiries can be costly, lengthy, complex and time consuming, diverting the attention and energies of our management and technical personnel. If any pending or future governmental investigations result in an unfavorable resolution, we could be required to cease the manufacture and sale of the subject products or technology, pay fines or disgorge profits or other payments, and/or cease certain conduct and/or modify our contracting or business practices, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Global political and economic conditions and other factors related to our international operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
A majority of our products are produced, sourced and sold internationally and our international revenue represents a significant percentage of our overall revenue. Multiple factors relating to our international operations and to particular countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These factors include:
•