environment, including uncertainty and volatility in financial markets, efforts of governments to stimulate or stabilize the economy and other unfavorable changes in economic conditions, as well as an increase in trade tensions and related tariffs with U.S. trading partners. While difficult to isolate and quantify, these risks may cause our net revenue to fluctuate significantly and we continuously monitor the broader impacts of these circumstances on our business, our supply chain and our results of operations.
22
Tab
le of Contents
Results of Operations
Fiscal Quarter Ended February 2, 2025 Compared to Fiscal Quarter Ended February 4, 2024
The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods presented:
Net Revenue
A relatively small number of customers account for a significant portion of our net revenue. Direct sales to one customer, which is a distributor, accounted for 29% and 27% of our net revenue for the fiscal quarters ended February 2, 2025, and February 4, 2024, respectively.
We believe aggregate sales to our top five end customers, through all channels, accounted for approximately 40% of our net revenue for each of the fiscal quarters ended February 2, 2025 and February 4, 2024. We expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top five end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
From time to time, some of our key semiconductor customers place large orders or delay orders, causing our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. This is particularly true of our products used in AI and wireless applications as fluctuations may be magnified by the timing of customer deployments, as well as product launches and seasonal variations for wireless applications. For infrastructure software, the transition to subscription licenses, as well as whether or not a customer has the right to terminate, could cause variations in revenue recognized in each period.
23
Tab
le of Contents
The following tables set forth net revenue by segment for the periods presented:
Net revenue from our
semiconductor solutions segment increased in the
fiscal quarter
ended
February 2, 2025 compared to the prior year fiscal period due to strong demand for our networking products, primarily AI networking solutions, partially offset by lower demand for our non-AI solutions, primarily broadband products. Net revenue from our infrastructure software segment increased
in the
fiscal quarter
ended
February 2, 2025 compared to the prior year fiscal period primarily due to strong demand for our VMware Cloud Foundation (“VCF”) product, additional license revenue recognized on contracts where customers do not have the right to terminate, and the transition to a subscription license model.
Gross Margin
Gross margin was $10,145 million for the fiscal quarter ended February 2, 2025