is a distributor, accounted for 28% and 21% of our net revenue for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively.
We believe aggregate sales to our top five end customers, through all channels, accounted for approximately 40% and 35% of our net revenue for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. We expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top five end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
From time to time, some of our key semiconductor customers place large orders or delay orders, causing our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. This is particularly true of our products used in AI and wireless applications as fluctuations may be magnified by the timing of customer deployments and product launches, and seasonal variations in sales. In addition, the macroeconomic environment remains uncertain and may cause our net revenue to fluctuate significantly and impact our results of operations.
Although we recognize revenue for the majority of our products when title and control transfer in Penang, Malaysia, we disclose net revenue by country based primarily on the geographic shipment or delivery location specified by our distributors, OEMs, contract manufacturers, channel partners, or software customers. In fiscal years 2024 and 2023, 20% and 32%, respectively, of our net revenue came from shipments or deliveries to China (including Hong Kong). However, the end customers for either our products or for the end products into which our products are incorporated, are frequently located in countries other than China (including Hong Kong). As a result, we believe that a substantially smaller percentage of our net revenue is ultimately dependent on sales of either our product or our customers’ product incorporating our product, to end customers located in China (including Hong Kong).
42
Table of Contents
The following tables set forth net revenue by segment for the periods presented:
Net revenue from our semiconductor solutions segment increased due to strong product demand for our networking products, primarily AI networking products, partially offset by lower demand for our broadband and server storage products. Net revenue from our infrastructure software segment increased primarily due to contributions from VMware.
Gross Margin
Gross margin was $32,509 million for fiscal year 2024 compared to $24,690 million for fiscal year 2023. The increase was primarily due to contributions from VMware, partially offset by higher amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets from the VMware Merger.
As a percentage of net revenue, gross margin was 63% and 69% of net revenue for the fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to higher amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets from the VMware Merger. In addition, gross margin