we also provide protection to these parties against claims related to undiscovered liabilities, additional product liabilities or environmental obligations. In our experience, claims made under such indemnifications are rare and the associated estimated fair value of the liability is not material.
20
Tab
le of Contents
12.
Restructuring and Other Charges
The following table summarizes the significant activities within, and components of, the restructuring liabilities during the fiscal quarter ended February 2, 2025:
In connection with the acquisition of VMware, we initiated restructuring activities to integrate the acquired business, align our workforce and improve efficiencies in our operations. We recognized $
105
million and $
673
million of restructuring charges related to employee termination costs and $
81
million and $
39
million of impairment charges primarily related to lease assets and property, plant and equipment for the fiscal quarters ended February 2, 2025 and February 4, 2024, respectively. We expect these restructuring activities to be substantially completed by the end of fiscal year 2025. These charges were recognized primarily in operating expenses.
13.
Subsequent Events
Cash Dividends Declared
On
March 5, 2025
, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $
0.59
per share on our common stock, payable on
March 31, 2025
to stockholders of record on
March 20, 2025
.
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (“Form 10-Q”) and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended November 3, 2024 (“fiscal year 2024”) included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2024 (“2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K”). This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. These statements are indicated by words or phrases such as “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “seek,” “plan,” “believe,” “could,” “intend,” “will,” and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. These forward-looking statements may include our projected financial results or expectations regarding acquisitions, developments in technology, products and seasonality of our business. Such statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections of our industry performance and macroeconomic conditions, based on management’s judgment, beliefs, current trends and market