prioritized fulfillment of product orders. Such fees are included in the transaction price of the product orders and are recognized as revenue in the period that control over the products is transferred to the customer.
Subscriptions and services.
Our subscriptions and services revenue consists of sales and royalties from software arrangements, support services, professional services, transfer of IP, and non-recurring engineering (“NRE”) arrangements.
Revenue from software arrangements primarily consists of fees, which may be paid either at contract inception or in installments over the contract term, that provide customers with a right to use the software, access general support and maintenance, and utilize our professional services.
Our software licenses have standalone functionality from which customers derive benefit, and the customer obtains control of the software when it is delivered or made available for download. We believe that for the majority of software arrangements, customers derive significant benefit from the ongoing support we provide. Certain of our subscriptions and services arrangements permit our customers to unilaterally terminate or cancel these arrangements at any time at the customer’s convenience, referred to as termination for convenience provisions, without substantive termination penalty and receive a pro-rata refund of any prepaid fees. Accordingly, we account for arrangements with these termination for convenience provisions as a series of daily contracts, resulting in ratable revenue recognition of software revenue over the contractual period.
Support services consist primarily of telephone support and the provision of unspecified updates and upgrades on a when-and-if-available basis. Support services represent stand-ready obligations for which revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the arrangement.
Professional services consist of implementation, consulting, customer education and customer training services. The obligation to provide professional services is generally satisfied over time, with the customer simultaneously receiving and consuming the benefits as we satisfy our performance obligations.
Rights to our IP are either sold or licensed to a customer. IP revenue recognition is dependent on the nature and terms of each agreement. We recognize IP revenue upon delivery of the IP if there are no substantive future obligations to perform under the arrangement. Sales-based or usage-based royalties from the license of IP are recognized at the later of the period the sales or usages occur or the satisfaction of the performance obligation to which some or all of the sales-based or usage-based royalties have been allocated.
There are two main categories of NRE contracts that we enter into with our customers: (a) NRE contracts in which we develop a custom chip and (b) NRE contracts in which we accelerate our development of a new chip upon the customer’s request. The majority of our NRE contract revenues meet