market, damage our
reputation and adversely affect our results of operations.
We operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model that principally utilizes CMs, such as third-party wafer foundries. Our semiconductor products require wafer manufacturers with state-of-the-art fabrication equipment and techniques, and most of our products are designed to be manufactured in a specific process, typically at one particular fab or foundry, either our own or with a particular CM. Qualifying and establishing reliable production at acceptable yields with a new CM, if at all, is a lengthy and often expensive process.
We depend on our CMs to allocate sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality at acceptable yields, and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis. We do not generally have long-term capacity commitments with our CMs and substantially all of our manufacturing services are on a purchase order basis with no minimum quantities. Further, our CMs may fail to timely develop or successfully implement new, advanced manufacturing processes, including transitions to smaller geometry process technologies. From time to time, our CMs may also cease to, or become unable to, manufacture a component for us.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (“TSMC”), one of our CMs, manufactured approximately 95% of the wafers manufactured by our CMs during the fiscal quarter ended February 2, 2025. We believe our wafer requirements represent a meaningful portion of TSMC’s total production capacity. However, TSMC also fabricates wafers for other companies, including some of our competitors, and could choose or be required to prioritize capacity for other customers or reduce or eliminate deliveries to us on short notice. In addition, TSMC has, and may in the future, raise their prices to us.
If any of the foregoing circumstances occur, we may be unable to meet our customer demand, or to the same extent as our competitors, fail to meet our contractual obligations or forgo revenue opportunities. This could damage our relationships with our customers, result in litigation for alleged failure to meet our obligations, or result in payment of significant damages, and our net revenue could decline, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and gross margin.
We purchase a significant amount of the materials, including components, used in our products from a limited number of suppliers.
Our manufacturing processes and those of our CMs rely on many materials, including silicon, gallium arsenide and indium phosphide wafers, copper lead frames, precious and rare earth metals, mold compound, ceramic packages and various chemicals and gases. During the fiscal quarter ended February 2, 2025, we purchased approximately three-quarters of our manufacturing materials from five materials suppliers, some of which are single source suppliers. The lead time needed to identify and