in major jurisdictions outside of the U.S. for fiscal years 2005 and later. It is possible that our existing unrecognized tax benefits may change up to $
3,580
million as a result of lapses of the statute of limitations for certain audit periods and/or audit examinations expected to be completed within the next 12 months.
13. Segment Information
Reportable Segments
We have
two
reportable segments: semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software.
Each segment has separate financial information that is utilized on a regular basis by the CODM in determining how to allocate resources and evaluate performance. The reportable segments are determined based on several factors including, but not limited to, customer base, homogeneity of products, technology, delivery channels and similar economic characteristics.
Semiconductor solutions
. We provide semiconductor solutions for managing the movement of data in data center, service provider, and enterprise networking applications, including AI networking and connectivity. We provide a broad variety of radio frequency semiconductor devices, wireless connectivity solutions, custom touch controllers, and inductive charging solutions for mobile applications. We also provide semiconductor solutions for enabling the set-top box and broadband access markets and for enabling secure movement of digital data to and from host machines, such as servers, personal computers and storage systems, to the underlying storage devices, such as hard disk drives and solid state drives. We also provide a broad variety of products for the general industrial and automotive markets. Our semiconductor solutions segment also includes our IP licensing.
Infrastructure software.
We provide a portfolio of software solutions that help enterprises simplify their IT environments so they can increase business velocity and flexibility, and enable customers to plan, develop, deliver, automate, manage and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, edge, mobile, and private and hybrid cloud platforms. Our portfolio of infrastructure and security software is designed to modernize, optimize, and secure the most complex private and hybrid cloud environments, enabling scalability, agility, automation, insights, resiliency and security making it easy for customers to run their mission-critical workloads. We also offer mission-critical FC SAN products and related software.
Our CODM assesses the performance of each segment and allocates resources to each segment based on net revenue and operating results and does not evaluate each segment using discrete asset information. Operating results by segment include items that are directly attributable to each segment and also include shared expenses such as marketing, general and administrative activities, facilities and IT expenses. Shared expenses are primarily allocated based on revenue and headcount.
87
Table of Contents
Unallocated Expenses
Unallocated expenses include amortization of