rebates are no longer subject to payment and will not be paid. Thus, the reversal of unclaimed rebates may have a positive impact on our net revenue and net income in subsequent periods.
Business combinations.
Accounting for business combinations requires our management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date, for intangible assets, contractual obligations assumed, restructuring liabilities, pre-acquisition contingencies, and contingent consideration, where applicable. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based, in part, on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Critical estimates in valuing certain acquired intangible assets include, the present value of projected cash flows regarding the projected revenues, projected expenses which include cost of revenue, research and development and selling, general and administrative expenses, technology obsolescence rate, contributory asset charges, discount rate and income tax rate for developed technology; the projected revenues, customer retention rate, customer ramp up period, discount rate and income tax rate for the customer contracts and related relationships; the projected revenues, technology obsolescence rate, expected costs to develop IPR&D into commercially viable products, discount rate and income tax rate for the IPR&D; and the projected revenues, brand asset phase-out pattern, brand asset royalty rate, discount rate and the income tax rate for the trade name. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which could affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results.
39
Table of Contents
Valuation of goodwill and long-lived assets.
We perform an annual impairment review of our goodwill during the fourth fiscal quarter of each year, and more frequently if we believe indicators of impairment exist. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is highly subjective and requires significant judgment. To review for impairment, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether events or circumstances lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. Our qualitative assessment of the recoverability of goodwill, whether performed annually or based on specific events or circumstances, considers various macroeconomic, industry-specific and company-specific factors. These factors include: (i) severe adverse industry or economic trends; (ii) significant company-specific actions, including exiting an activity in conjunction with restructuring of operations; (iii) current, historical or projected deterioration of our financial performance; or (iv) a sustained decrease in our market capitalization below our net book value. After assessing the totality of