results of operations.
Failure of our software products to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Certain aspects of our software products are intended to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments, and as a result, we expect these products to be ongoing targets of cyber-attacks. Open source code or other third-party software used in these products could also be targeted and may make our products vulnerable to additional security risks not posed by purely proprietary products. Our products are complex and, when deployed, may contain errors, defects or security vulnerabilities, some of which may not be discovered before the product has been released, installed and used by customers. The complexity and breadth of our technical and production environments, which involve globally dispersed development and engineering teams, increases the risk that errors, defects or vulnerabilities will be introduced and may delay our ability to detect, mitigate or remediate such incidents.
In the past, elements of our proprietary source code have been exposed in an unauthorized manner. It is possible that such exposure of source code could reveal unknown security vulnerabilities in our products that could be exploited by malicious actors. Our products are also subject to known and unknown security vulnerabilities resulting from integration with third-party products or services.
Although we continually seek to improve our countermeasures to prevent such incidents, we may be unable to anticipate every scenario and it is possible that certain cyber threats or vulnerabilities will be undetected or unmitigated in time to prevent an attack or an accidental incident on us and our customers. Additionally, efforts by malicious cyber actors or others could cause interruptions, delays or cessation of our product licensing, or modification of our software, which could cause us to lose existing or potential customers.
A successful cyber-attack involving our products could cause customers and potential customers to believe our services are ineffective or unreliable and result in, among other things, the loss of customers, unfavorable publicity, damage to our reputation, difficulty in marketing our products, and allegations by our customers that we have not performed our contractual obligations, and give rise to significant costs, including costs related to developing solutions or indemnification obligations under our agreements. Any such event could adversely impact our revenue and results of operations. See also
“Cyber security threats or other security breaches, or any other impairment of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our IT systems, or those of one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business.”
The growth of our software business depends on demand for our data center virtualization products, as well as customer acceptance