applications. We valued the developed technology using the relief-from-royalty method under the income approach. This method is based on the application of a royalty rate to forecasted revenue under the developed technology. The economic useful life was determined based on the technology cycle related to each developed technology, as well as the cash flows over the forecast period.
The fair value of IPR&D was determined using the relief-from-royalty method under the income approach. This method is based on the application of a royalty rate to forecasted revenue from the IPR&D.
5.
Supplemental Financial Information
Cash Equivalents
Cash equivalents included $
1,716
million and $
1,470
million of time deposits and $
1,171
million and $
1,650
million of money-market funds as of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023, respectively. For time deposits, carrying value approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of the instruments. The fair value of money-market funds, which was consistent with their carrying value, was determined using unadjusted prices in active, accessible markets for identical assets, and as such, they were classified as Level 1 assets in the fair value hierarchy.
Accounts Receivable Factoring
We sell certain of our trade accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to third-party financial institutions pursuant to factoring arrangements.
We account for these transactions as sales of receivables and present cash proceeds as cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows
. Total trade accounts receivable sold under the factoring arrangements were $
5,900
million, $
3,975
million and $
3,700
million during fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Factoring fees for the sales of receivables were recorded in other income (expense), net and were not material for any of the
periods presented.
Inventory
68
Table of Contents
Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
Depreciation expense was $
593
million, $
502
million and $
529
million for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Other Current Assets
Other Current Liabilities
Other Long-Term Liabilities
69
Table of Contents
Other Income (Expense), Net
Other income and other expense include foreign exchange gains and losses, factoring fees for the sales of receivables, and other miscellaneous items.
Discontinued Operations
During fiscal year 2024, we sold the EUC business for
$
3.5
billion, after working capital adjustments. In connection with the sale, we agreed to provide transitional services to the buyer on a short-term basis. We do not have any material continuing involvement with this business and have presented its results in discontinued operations.
The following table summarizes the selected financial information of discontinued operations:
6.
Leases
We have operating and finance leases for our facilities, land, data centers and certain equipment. Operating lease expense was $
187
million, $
91
million and $
98
million for fiscal