distributors’ and other channel partners’ agreements are generally nonexclusive and may be terminated at any time without cause.
Our dependence on channel partners has increased following the acquisition of VMware. Failure to maintain good relationships with our distributors and channel partners could adversely impact our business. In addition, we sell our semiconductor products through an increasingly limited number of distributors, which exposes us to additional customer concentration and related credit risks.
From time to time, we enlist our distributors and channel partners to lead go-to-market and customer relationships for certain products, such as our Accelerate Program and Catalyst Initiative for certain infrastructure software products, with certain sole distribution relationships by region. To the extent these distributors and channel partners fail to maintain good relationships with our customers or we are unable to continue enlisting our distributors and channel partners to lead go-to-market and customer relationships, our business, operating results and cash flow may be adversely impacted.
We do not always have a direct relationship with the end customers of our products. As a result, our semiconductor products may be used in applications for which they were not necessarily designed or tested, and the misuse or failure of our semiconductor products could result in significant liabilities to us, damage our reputation and harm our business, operating results and cash flow.
Our business would be adversely affected by the departure of existing members of our senior management team.
Our success depends, in large part, on the continued contributions of our senior management team, in particular the services of Hock E. Tan, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Effective succession planning is also important for our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfers of knowledge and smooth transitions involving senior management could hinder our strategic planning and execution. None of our senior management is bound by written employment contracts. In addition, we do not currently maintain key person life insurance covering our senior management. The loss of any of our senior management could harm our ability to implement our business strategy and respond to the rapidly changing market conditions in which we operate.
If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, especially our
engineering and technical personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy
effectively.
Our future success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. As the source of our technological and product innovations, our engineering and technical personnel, such as our AI-related product engineers and cybersecurity experts, are a significant asset. Competition for these employees is significant in many areas of the world in which we operate, particularly in Silicon Valley and Southeast Asia where