lived intangible asset, in connection with our acquisitions. Upon completion of each underlying project, IPR&D assets are reclassified as amortizable purchased intangible assets and amortized over their estimated useful lives.
Restructuring and other charges.
Restructuring and other charges consist primarily of non-recurring charges related to compensation costs associated with employee exit programs, IP litigation, alignment of our global manufacturing operations, rationalization of product development program costs, facility and lease abandonments, fixed asset impairment, IPR&D impairment, and other exit costs, including curtailment of service or supply agreements.
Interest expense.
Interest expense includes coupon interest, commitment fees, accretion of original issue discount, amortization of debt premiums and debt issuance costs, and expenses related to debt modifications or extinguishments.
Other income (expense), net.
Other income (expense), net includes interest income, gains and losses on investments, foreign currency remeasurement, and other miscellaneous items.
Provision for income taxes.
We benefit from the tax incentives extended to us in various jurisdictions to encourage investment or employment. Our tax incentives from the Singapore Economic Development Board provide that any qualifying income earned in Singapore is subject to tax incentives or reduced rates of Singapore income tax, subject to our compliance with the conditions specified in these incentives and legislative developments. These Singapore tax incentives are scheduled
38
Table of Contents
to expire in November 2030. The corporate income tax rate in Singapore that would otherwise apply to us would be 17%. We also have a tax holiday from our qualifying income earned in Malaysia, which is scheduled to expire in 2028.
Each tax incentive and tax holiday is subject to our compliance with various operating and other conditions. If we cannot, or elect not to, comply with any such operating conditions specified, we could, in some instances, be required to refund previously realized material tax benefits, or if such tax incentive or tax holiday is terminated prior to its expiration absent a new incentive applying, we will lose the related tax benefits earlier than scheduled. We may elect to modify our operational structure and tax strategy, which may not be as beneficial to us as the benefits provided under the present tax concession arrangements. Before taking into consideration the effects of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and other indirect tax impacts, the effect of these tax incentives and tax holiday decreased the provision for income taxes by approximately $2,261 million and $2,104 million for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Our interpretations and conclusions regarding the tax incentives are not binding on any taxing authority, and if our assumptions about tax and other laws are incorrect, the benefits of the tax incentives may be adversely affected.
Critical