is a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. We develop semiconductor devices with a focus on complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor based devices and analog III-V based products. We offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as enterprise and data center networking, including artificial intelligence (“AI”) networking and connectivity, home connectivity, set-top boxes, broadband access, telecommunication equipment, smartphones and base stations, data center servers and storage systems, factory automation, power generation and alternative energy systems, and electronic displays. Our infrastructure software solutions help enterprises simplify their information technology (“IT”) environments so they can increase business velocity and flexibility, and enable customers to plan, develop, deliver, automate, manage and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, edge, mobile, and private and hybrid cloud platforms. Our portfolio of infrastructure and security software is designed to modernize, optimize, and secure the most complex private and hybrid cloud environments, enabling scalability, agility, automation, insights, resiliency and security making it easy for customers to run their mission-critical workloads. We also offer mission-critical fibre channel storage area networking (“FC SAN”) products and related software in the form of modules, switches and subsystems incorporating multiple semiconductor products. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to “Broadcom,” “we,” “our,” and “us” mean Broadcom and its consolidated subsidiaries. We have
two
reportable segments: semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software.
Basis of Presentation
We operate on a
52- or 53-week
fiscal year ending on the Sunday closest to October 31. Our fiscal year ending November 2, 2025 (“fiscal year 2025”) is a 52-week fiscal year. Our fiscal year ended November 3, 2024 (“fiscal year 2024”) was a 53-week fiscal year, with our first fiscal quarter containing 14 weeks.
The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Broadcom and its subsidiaries, and have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”) for interim financial information. The financial information included herein is unaudited, and reflects all adjustments which are, in the opinion of our management, of a normal recurring nature and necessary for a fair statement of the results for the periods presented. The November 3, 2024 condensed consolidated balance sheet data were derived from Broadcom’s audited consolidated financial statements included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The