securities and were valued using inputs that included quoted prices for similar assets in active markets and inputs other than quoted prices that were observable for the assets, such as interest rates, yield curves, prepayment speeds, collateral performance, broker/dealer quotes and indices that were observable at commonly quoted intervals.
(d)
Plan assets measured at fair value using net asset value as a practical expedient were excluded from the fair value hierarchy
.
76
Table of Contents
Assumptions
The assumptions used to determine the benefit obligations and net periodic benefit cost for our defined benefit pension plans are presented in the table below. The expected long-term return on assets shown in the table below represents an estimate of long-term returns on investment portfolios primarily consisting of combinations of debt, equity and other investments, depending on the plan. The long-term rates of return are then weighted based on the asset classes in which the pension funds are invested. Discount rates reflect the current rate at which defined benefit pension obligations could be settled based on the measurement dates of the plans, which is October 31, the month end closest to our fiscal year end. The range of assumptions reflects the different economic environments within various countries.
Defined Contribution Plans
Our eligible U.S. employees participate in a company-sponsored 401(k) plan. Under the plan, we match employee contributions dollar for dollar up to
6
% of their eligible earnings. All matching contributions vest immediately. During fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, we made contributions of $
210
million, $
100
million and $
96
million, respectively, to the 401(k) plan. The increase in fiscal year 2024 was due to the VMware Merger.
In addition, other eligible employees outside of the U.S. receive retirement benefits under various defined contribution retirement plans.
77
Table of Contents
10.
Borrowings
78
Table of Contents
79
Table of Contents
The senior notes and term loans are recorded net of discount and issuance costs, which are amortized to interest expense over the respective terms of such instruments. The effective interest rates are calculated based on contractual interest, discount and issuance costs and, if applicable, reclassification of the cumulative gain from derivatives. See Note 2. "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" for additional information for derivative instruments.
Senior Notes
We issued senior unsecured notes for an aggregate principal amount of $
5,000
million in October 2024 and $
5,000
million in July 2024.
In connection with the VMware Merger, we assumed $
8,250
million of VMware’s outstanding senior unsecured notes. We repaid $
1,250
million of
1.000
% notes upon maturity in August 2024.
We may redeem or purchase, in whole or in part, any of our senior notes prior to their respective maturities, subject to a specified make-whole premium determined in accordance with the indentures