fiscal year 2024.
(b)
$
1,380
million of the $
2,900
million was released during fiscal year 2024. The remaining balance is expected to be released during the second half of the fiscal year ending November 2, 2025 (“fiscal year 2025”)
.
(c) Expected to be released during the first half of the fiscal year ending November 1, 2026
.
VMware cloud foundation is a private cloud platform that integrates compute, storage, networking, and management into a single solution and provides license portability. It enables customers to modernize infrastructure and accelerate developer productivity with greater resilience and security.
We believe the amounts of purchased intangible assets recorded above represent the fair values of, and approximate the amounts a market participant would pay for, these intangible assets as of the date of the VMware Merger.
Unaudited Pro Forma Information
The following unaudited pro forma financial information presents combined results of operations for each of the periods presented, as if VMware had been acquired as of the beginning of fiscal year 2023. The unaudited pro forma information includes adjustments to amortization for intangible assets acquired, stock-based compensation expense, interest expense for acquisition financing, amortization of deferred assets and liabilities, and depreciation for property and equipment acquired. The unaudited pro forma information presented below is for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of our consolidated results of operations of the combined business had the acquisition actually occurred at the beginning of fiscal year 2023 or of the results of our future operations of the combined business.
Acquisition of Seagate’s SoC Operations
On April 23, 2024, we acquired certain assets related to the design, development, and manufacture of System-on-Chip (“SoC”) operations of Seagate Technology Holdings plc for
$
600
million
. We acquired these assets to strengthen our portfolio of SoC products.
The following table presents our allocation of the total purchase price. Goodwill is allocated to the semiconductor solutions segment and is deductible for tax purposes.
67
Table of Contents
Intangible Assets
Customer contracts and related relationships represent the fair value of future projected revenue that will be derived from sales of
SoC controller products for hard disk drive applications
. Customer contracts and related relationships were valued using the multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach. This method reflects the present value of the projected cash flows that are expected to be generated by the customer contracts and related relationships less charges representing the contribution of other assets to those cash flows. The economic useful life was determined based on the
useful lives of other intangible assets and the length of time remaining on the acquired contracts
.
Developed technology relates to SoC controller products for hard disk drive