television, over-the-top and terrestrial STBs. Our products enable global service providers to introduce new and enhanced technologies and services in STBs, including transcoding, digital video recording functionality, higher definition video processing, increased networking capabilities, and more tuners to enable faster channel change and more simultaneous recordings. We are also enabling service providers in deploying High Efficiency Video Coding (“HEVC”), a video compression format that is a successor to the H.264/MPEG-4 format. HEVC enables ultra-high definition (“Ultra HD”) services by effectively doubling the capacity of existing networks to deploy new or existing content. Our families of STB solutions support the complete range of resolutions, from standard definition to high definition to Ultra HD.
•
Broadband Access:
We offer complete SoC platform solutions for digital subscriber line (“DSL”), cable, passive optical networking (“PON”) and wireless local area network for both consumer premise equipment (“CPE”) and central office (“CO”) deployments. Our CPE devices are used in broadband modems, residential gateways and Wi-Fi access points and routers. Our CO devices, including DSL Access Multiplexer (“DSLAM”), cable modem termination systems and PON optical line termination medium access controllers, are empowering modern operator broadband infrastructure. Our products enable global service providers to continue deploying next generation broadband access technologies across multiple standards, including G.fast, Data Over Cable Service Interface Specifications (“DOCSIS”), PON and Wi-Fi to provide more bandwidth and faster speeds to consumers.
Factory Automation, Renewable Energy and Automotive Electronic Solutions.
We provide a broad variety of products for the general industrial and automotive markets, including optocouplers, industrial fiber optics, industrial and medical sensors, motion encoders, light emitting diode devices, and Ethernet ICs. Our industrial products are used in a diverse set of applications, spanning industrial automation, power generation and distribution systems, medical systems and equipment, defense and aerospace, and vehicle subsystems including those used in electric vehicle powertrain, infotainment and advanced driver assistance systems.
Infrastructure Software
Our infrastructure software solutions offer customers greater choice and flexibility to build, run, manage, connect and protect applications and data at scale across data center and private and hybrid cloud environments.
6
Table of Contents
The table below presents our software portfolios and their key offerings.
Private Cloud Software Portfolio.
Our private cloud infrastructure software delivers public cloud scale and agility with private cloud security, resilience and performance, and low overall total cost of ownership. Our VMware software supports customers’ digital innovation with faster infrastructure modernization, a unified cloud experience and