subject to cyclical downturns even when overall economic conditions are relatively stable. If we cannot offset industry or market downturns, our net revenue may decline and our financial condition and results of operations may suffer.
We make investments in research and development and the slow or unsuccessful return of our investments could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The industries in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological change, new technological trends such as AI and cloud computing, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, short product cycles, evolving industry standards and new delivery methods. In addition, to compete successfully in the semiconductor industry, we must continue to develop and respond to technological advancements and requirements, such as low-power consumption, higher bandwidth and increase in the number of clusters. Failure to successfully develop increasingly advanced technologies, including ASICs such as custom AI accelerators or XPUs and other AI-related products, could impair our competitive position. In order to remain competitive, we have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in research and development. If we fail to timely develop new and enhanced products and technologies, if we focus on technologies that do not become widely adopted, or if new competitive technologies that we do not support become widely accepted, demand for our products such as our custom AI accelerators or XPUs and other AI-related products may be reduced. Increased investments in research and development, or slow or unsuccessful research and development efforts, would have a negative impact on our financial results.
Winning business in the semiconductor solutions industry is subject to a lengthy process that often requires us to incur significant expense, from which we may ultimately generate no revenue.
Our semiconductor business is dependent on us winning competitive bid selection processes, known as “design wins.” These selection processes are typically lengthy and can require us to dedicate significant development expenditures and scarce engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity. Failure to obtain a particular design win may prevent us from obtaining design wins in subsequent generations of a particular product. This can result in lost revenue and can weaken our position in future selection processes.
Winning a product design does not guarantee sales to a customer. Customers could delay or cancel plans, fail to qualify our products, reduce or discontinue use of our products or fail to successfully market and sell their products, which could reduce demand for our products and cause us to hold excess inventory, materially adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the timing of design wins is unpredictable and