a separate contract. In other cases where the pricing in the modification does not reflect the standalone selling price as adjusted for facts and circumstances applicable to that contract, we account for the additional products or services as part of the existing contract on a prospective basis, on a cumulative catch-up basis, or a combination of both based on the nature of the modification. In instances where the pricing in the modification offers the customer a credit for a prior arrangement, we adjust our variable consideration reserves for returns and other concessions.
Right of return.
Certain contracts contain a right of return that allows the customer to cancel all or a portion of the product or service and receive a credit. We estimate returns based on historical returns data which is constrained to an amount for which a material revenue reversal is not probable. We do not recognize revenue for products or services that are expected to be returned.
Practical expedient elected.
We do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less and (ii) contracts for which we recognize revenue at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed. For contracts that were modified before the beginning of the earliest reporting period presented, we have not retrospectively restated the contract for those modifications. We have disclosed the aggregate effect of all modifications when identifying the satisfied and unsatisfied performance obligations for purposes of determining the transaction price and allocating the transaction price at transition.
Research and development.
Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers and third parties engaged in the design and development of our products, software and technologies, including salary, bonus and stock-based compensation expense, project material costs, services and depreciation. Such costs are charged to research and development expense as they are incurred.
Stock-based compensation expense.
We recognize compensation expense for time-based restricted stock units (“RSUs”) using the straight-line amortization method based on the fair value of RSUs on the date of grant. The fair value of RSUs is the closing market price of Broadcom common stock on the date of grant, reduced by the present value of dividends expected to be paid on Broadcom common stock prior to vesting. We recognize compensation expense for time-based stock options and employee stock purchase plan rights under the Broadcom Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (“ESPP”) based on the estimated grant-date fair value determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model with a straight-line amortization method.
Certain equity awards include both service and market conditions. The fair value of market-based awards is estimated on the date of grant using the Monte Carlo simulation technique.