liquidity requirements primarily arise from: (i) business acquisitions and investments we may make from time to time, (ii) working capital requirements, (iii) research and development and capital expenditure needs, (iv) cash dividend payments (if and when declared by our Board of Directors), (v) interest and principal payments related to our $69,847 million of outstanding indebtedness, and (vi) payment of income taxes. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in the fiscal year ending November 2, 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024. Our debt and liquidity needs increased in fiscal year 2024 as a result of completing the VMware Merger. We funded the cash portion of the consideration with net proceeds from the issuance of $30,390 million in term loans (the “2023 Term Loans”), as well as cash on hand. We also assumed $8,250 million of VMware’s outstanding senior unsecured notes. During fiscal year 2024, we made repayments of $16,795 million on our 2023 Term Loans.
We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations and our revolving credit facility will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months. For additional information regarding our cash requirement from contractual obligations, indebtedness and lease obligations, see Note 14. “Commitments and Contingencies”, Note 10. “Borrowings” and Note 6. “Leases” in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
From time to time, we engage in discussions with third parties regarding potential acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies and product lines. Any such transaction, or evaluation of potential transactions, could require significant use of our cash and cash equivalents, or require us to increase our borrowings to fund such transactions. If we do not have sufficient cash to fund our operations or finance growth opportunities, including acquisitions, or unanticipated capital expenditures, our business and financial condition could suffer. In such circumstances, we may seek to obtain new debt or equity financing. However, we cannot assure you that such additional financing will be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our ability to service our senior unsecured notes, the 2023 Term Loans and any other indebtedness we may incur will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We may also elect to sell additional debt or equity securities for reasons other than those specified above.
In addition, we may, at any time and from time to time, seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash tenders and/or exchanges for equity or debt, in open-