deployments of our data center virtualization products. Current and future customers may not perceive benefits associated with adopting our hybrid-cloud and enterprise-grade private cloud platform or our simplified product portfolios. If demand is significantly less than anticipated or we fail to realize the expected returns on our business strategy, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected.
If our software products do not remain compatible with ever-changing operating environments, platforms, or third-party products, demand for our products and services could decrease, which could materially adversely affect our business.
We may be required to make substantial modification of our products to maintain compatibility with operating systems, systems software and computer hardware used by our customers or to provide our customers with desired features or capabilities. W
e must also continually address the challenges of dynamic and accelerating market trends and competitive developments, such as the emergence of advanced persistent threats in the security space, to compete effectively.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to adapt our products in response to these developments.
38
Tab
le of Contents
Further, our software solutions interact with a variety of software and hardware developed by third parties, as well as cloud providers. If we lose access to third-party code and specifications for the development of code or cloud providers fail to support our products or otherwise limit the functionality, compatibility or certification of our products or otherwise impose unfavorable terms and conditions, this could negatively impact our ability to develop compatible software. This could result in higher research and development costs for the enhancement and modification of our existing products or development of new products. Any additional restrictions could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results and cash flow.
Failure to enter into software license agreements on a satisfactory basis could materially adversely affect our business.
Many of our existing software customers have multi-year enterprise software license agreements, some of which involve substantial aggregate fee amounts. These customers often do not have a contractual obligation to purchase additional solutions and may have the right to terminate. The failure or inability to renew customer agreements of similar scope, on terms that are commercially attractive to us, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow. In addition, software license agreements under which customers do not have the right to terminate could cause variations in revenue recognized in each period and our operating results may fluctuate.
Our use of open source software in certain products and services could materially adversely affect our business, financial