for the acquired businesses.
In addition, certain aspects of effective cybersecurity are dependent upon our employees, contractors and other trusted partners reliably safeguarding secrets (e.g., application credentials) and adhering to our security policies and access control mechanisms. We have in the past experienced, and expect in the future to experience, security incidents arising from a failure to properly handle such secrets or adhere to such policies and, although no such events have had a material adverse effect on our business, there can be no assurance that an insider threat will not result in a material cyber incident. Our logging, alerting and cyber incident detection mechanisms may not cover every system potentially targeted by threat actors, may not have the capability to detect certain types of unauthorized activities, and may not capture and surface information sufficient to enable us to timely detect and take responsive action to insider or external threats.
U.S. and non-U.S. regulators, as well as customers and service providers, have also increased their focus on cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. Compliance with laws, regulations, and contractual provisions concerning privacy, cybersecurity, secure technology development, data governance, data protection, confidentiality and IP could result in significant expense, and any failure to comply could result in proceedings against us by regulatory authorities or other third parties and may also increase our overall compliance burden. See also “
Failure of our software products to manage and security IT infrastructures and environments could have a material adverse effect on our business
.”
The majority of our sales have historically come from a small number of customers and a significant reduction in demand or loss of one or more of our significant customers may adversely affect our business.
We have historically depended on a small number of end customers, original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”), their respective contract manufacturers (“CMs”) and certain distributors for a majority of our business and revenue. For the fiscal quarter ended February 2, 2025, sales to distributors accounted for 47% of our net revenue. We believe aggregate sales, through all channels, to our top five end customers accounted for approximately 40% of our net revenue for the fiscal quarter
34
Tab
le of Contents
ended February 2, 2025. This customer concentration increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and our sensitivity to any material adverse developments experienced by these customers.
Our semiconductor customers are not generally required to purchase specific quantities of products. Even when customers agree to source an agreed portion of their product needs from us, such arrangements often include pricing schedules or methodologies that apply regardless of the volume of products purchased, and those customers may not purchase the amount of product we expect. As