prospects of the investee, and financial indicators of the investee's ability to continue as a going concern.
Business combinations.
We account for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting, which requires us to recognize separately from goodwill the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair
58
Table of Contents
values, except for revenue contracts acquired, which are recognized in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. While we use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as contingent consideration, where applicable, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. Accounting for business combinations requires our management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date, for intangible assets, contractual obligations assumed, restructuring liabilities, pre-acquisition contingencies, and contingent consideration, where applicable. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based, in part, on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Critical estimates in valuing certain acquired intangible assets include the present value of projected cash flows regarding the projected revenues, projected expenses which include cost of revenue, research and development and selling, general and administrative expenses, technology obsolescence rate, contributory asset charges, discount rate and income tax rate for developed technology; the projected revenues, customer retention rate, customer ramp up period, discount rate and income tax rate for the customer contracts and related relationships; the projected revenues, technology obsolescence rate, expected costs to develop in-process research and development (“IPR&D”) into commercially viable products, discount rate and income tax rate for the IPR&D; and the projected revenues, brand asset phase-out pattern, brand asset royalty rate, discount rate and the income tax rate for the trade name. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which could affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results.
Goodwill.
Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price and related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill