to cover the actual costs incurred by us and, as a result of a vendor’s failure to perform, we may be unable to collect any damages.
Despite our internal controls and investment in security measures, we have, from time to time, been subject to disruptive cyber-attacks and unauthorized network intrusions and malware on our own IT networks or those of our service providers or business partners. Although no such cybersecurity incidents have been material to us, we continue to devote resources to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access or misuse, and we may be required to expend greater resources in the future. Businesses we acquire have previously increased, and may continue to increase, the scope and complexity of our IT networks, and this has, from time to time, increased our risk exposure to cyber-attacks when there are difficulties integrating diverse legacy systems that support operations for the acquired businesses.
In addition, certain aspects of effective cybersecurity are dependent upon our employees, contractors and other trusted partners reliably safeguarding secrets (e.g., application credentials) and adhering to our security policies and access control mechanisms. We have in the past experienced, and expect in the future to experience, security incidents arising from a failure to properly handle such secrets or adhere to such policies and, although no such events have had a material adverse effect on our business, there can be no assurance that an insider threat will not result in a material cyber incident. Our logging, alerting and cyber incident detection mechanisms may not cover every system potentially targeted by threat actors, may not have the capability to detect certain types of unauthorized activities, and may not capture and surface information sufficient to enable us to timely detect and take responsive action to insider or external threats.
U.S. and non-U.S. regulators, as well as customers and service providers, have also increased their focus on cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. Compliance with laws, regulations, and contractual provisions concerning privacy, cybersecurity, secure technology development, data governance, data protection, confidentiality and IP could result in significant expense, and any failure to comply could result in proceedings against us by regulatory authorities or other third parties and may also increase our overall compliance burden. See also “
Failure of our software products to manage and security IT infrastructures and environments could have a material adverse effect on our business.”
The majority of our sales have historically come from a small number of customers and a reduction in demand or loss of one or more of our significant customers may adversely affect our business.
We have historically depended on a small number of end customers, OEMs, their respective contract manufacturers (“CMs”) and certain distributors for a majority of our business and revenue. For fiscal