•
significant sales of our common stock by one or more of our largest investors.
These fluctuations are often unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. Broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, interest rate changes or currency fluctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. You may not realize any return on your investment in us and may lose some or all of your investment. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. In addition, we have been, and in the future we may be, subject to lawsuits stemming from our acquisitions. Securities litigation against us, including the lawsuits related to such acquisitions, could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business.
There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends.
Our Board of Directors has adopted a dividend policy pursuant to which we currently pay a cash dividend on our common stock on a quarterly basis. The declaration and payment of any dividend is subject to the approval of our Board of Directors and our dividend may be discontinued or reduced at any time. Because we are a holding company, our ability to pay cash dividends is also limited by restrictions or limitations on our ability to obtain sufficient funds through dividends from subsidiaries. There can be no assurance that we will declare cash dividends in the future in any particular amounts, or at all. A reduction in our cash dividend payments could have a negative effect on our stock price.
ITEM 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
31
Table of Contents
ITEM 1C.
CYBERSECURITY
Risk Management and Strategy
Our cybersecurity risk management program is intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our critical systems and information. Our program includes processes for identifying, assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats that are guided by the National Institute of Standards & Technology’s Cyber Security Framework, the ISO 27001 international standard for information security and other applicable industry benchmarks.
Our cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our overall enterprise risk management system and processes, and includes:
•
a team of professionals within our Global Technology Organization team who are responsible for identifying and mitigating cybersecurity risks and managing our security controls and response activities;
•
risk assessment processes designed to identify cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, products, services and our broader enterprise IT environment;
•
an annual tabletop exercise to simulate a response to a cybersecurity incident;