recoverable. Factors we consider important which could trigger an impairment review include: (i) significant under-performance relative to historical or projected future operating results, (ii) significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business, and (iii) significant negative industry or economic trends. An impairment loss must be measured if the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and before interest) from the use and eventual disposition of the asset (or asset group) is less than the net book value of the asset (or asset group). The amount of the impairment loss will generally be measured as the difference between the net book value of the asset (or asset group) and the estimated fair value.
Warranty.
We accrue for the estimated costs of product warranties at the time revenue is recognized. Product warranty costs are estimated based upon our historical experience and specific identification of the product requirements, which may fluctuate based on product mix. Additionally, we accrue for warranty costs associated with occasional or unanticipated product quality issues if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated.
59
Table of Contents
Revenue recognition.
We account for a contract with a customer when both parties have approved the contract and are committed to perform their respective obligations, each party’s rights can be identified, payment terms can be identified, the contract has commercial substance, and it is probable we will collect substantially all of the consideration we are entitled to. Revenue is recognized when, or as, performance obligations are satisfied by transferring control of a promised product or service to a customer.
Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type, and terms between invoicing and when payment is due are short-term in duration. The timing of revenue recognition and required payments can differ and payment terms are generally structured to provide the customer with predictable and dependable ways to procure our products, not to provide or receive financing from the customer.
Nature of Products and Services
Our products and services can be broadly categorized as sales of products and subscriptions and services. The following is a description of the principal activities from which we generate revenue.
Products.
We recognize revenue from sales to direct customers and distributors when control transfers to the customer. Rebates and incentives offered to distributors, which are earned when sales to end customers are completed, are estimated at the point of revenue recognition. We have elected to exclude from the transaction price any taxes collected from a customer and to account for shipping and handling activities performed after a customer obtains control of the product as activities to fulfill the promise to transfer the product. From time to time, certain customers agree to pay us secure supply fees in exchange for