by written employment contracts. In addition, we do not currently maintain key person life insurance covering our senior management. The loss of any of our senior management could harm our ability to implement our business strategy and respond to the rapidly changing market conditions in which we operate.
If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, especially our
engineering and technical personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy
effectively.
Our future success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. As the source of our technological and product innovations, our engineering and technical personnel, such as our AI-related product engineers and cybersecurity experts, are a significant asset. Competition for these employees is significant in many areas of the world in which we operate, particularly in Silicon Valley and Southeast Asia where qualified engineers are in high demand. In addition, current or future immigration laws may make it more difficult to hire or retain qualified engineers, further limiting the pool of available talent. We believe equity awards provide a powerful long-term retention incentive and have historically granted these awards to the substantial majority of our employees. If we are unable to continue our current equity granting philosophy or our stock underperforms, this could impair our efforts to attract and retain necessary personnel. Any inability to retain, attract or motivate such personnel and provide competitive employment benefits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Cyber security threats or other security breaches, or any other impairment of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our IT systems, or those of one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Our business depends on a wide variety of complex IT systems and services, including cloud-based and other critical corporate services relating to, among other things, product research and development, financial reporting, product orders and fulfillment, HR, benefit plan administration, IT network management, and electronic communication and collaboration services. These systems and services are both internally managed and outsourced, and in many cases we rely upon third-party data centers. Any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our IT infrastructure against damage from business continuity events that could have a significant disruptive effect. Although these systems are designed to protect and secure our customers’, suppliers’ and employees’ confidential information, as well as our own proprietary information, we are, out