any return on your investment in us and may lose some or all of your investment. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. In addition, we have been, and in the future we may be, subject to lawsuits stemming from our acquisitions. Securities litigation against us, including the lawsuits related to such acquisitions, could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business.
There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends.
Our Board of Directors has adopted a dividend policy pursuant to which we currently pay a cash dividend on our common stock on a quarterly basis. The declaration and payment of any dividend is subject to the approval of our Board of Directors and our dividend may be discontinued or reduced at any time. Because we are a holding company, our ability to pay cash dividends is also limited by restrictions or limitations on our ability to obtain sufficient funds through dividends from subsidiaries. There can be no assurance that we will declare cash dividends in the future in any particular amounts, or at all. A reduction in our cash dividend payments could have a negative effect on our stock price.
44
Tab
le of Contents
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
During the fiscal quarter ended February 2, 2025, we paid approximately $2,036 million in employee withholding taxes due upon the vesting of net settled equity awards. We withheld approximately 8 million shares of common stock from employees in connection with such net share settlement at an average price of $235.69 per share. These shares may be deemed to be “issuer purchases” of shares.
Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities
None.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
None.
Item 5. Other Information
Insider Trading Arrangements
Henry Samueli
,
Ph.D., our Chairman of the Board
, has voting and dispositive power over the shares held by D95GT, LLC. Dr. Samueli disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by D95GT, LLC and H&S Investments I, L.P., except to the extent of his pecuniary interest. Dr. Samueli does not have a pecuniary interest in the shares held by the Samueli Foundation, but the Samueli Foundation may be deemed an affiliate of Dr. Samueli. On
December 18, 2024
, D95GT, LLC, H&S Investments I, LP and the Samueli Foundation,
adopted
a trading plan intended to satisfy Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act (the “Samueli Trading Plan”). Pursuant to the Samueli Trading Plan, (i) D95GT, LLC will gift up to $102,600,000 in shares of Broadcom common stock (the “First Donated Shares”) to the Samueli Foundation between March 26, 2025 and December 30, 2025, (ii) H&S Investments I, LP will gift up to $25,000,000 in shares of Broadcom common