any cleanup or remediation obligations for which we are or become responsible could also be costly and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Risks Related to Our Taxes
Our income taxes and overall cash tax costs are affected by a number of factors that could have a material, adverse effect on our financial results.
Our income taxes are subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by numerous factors, including reorganization or restructuring of our business, tax structure, business combinations, jurisdictional mix of our income and assets, and changes in tax legislation or accounting policies or related interpretations.
As a result of U.S. tax reforms, our global income is subject to tax in the U.S. and we expect an increase in our effective tax rate and our cash tax costs. In addition, many countries are implementing anti-base-erosion legislation and guidance aimed at standardizing and modernizing global corporate tax policy, including changes to cross-border tax, transfer pricing documentation rules, and nexus-based tax incentive practices. Many countries have implemented or are in the process of implementing a global minimum tax, which may materially increase our effective tax rate and cash tax costs. For example, Singapore recently adopted the global minimum tax, which will be effective for our fiscal year 2026. Substantial changes in domestic or international corporate tax policies, regulations or guidance, enforcement activities or legislative investigations and inquiries may materially adversely affect our business and impact our provision for income taxes, net income, cash flow and our results of operations generally.
Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide income taxes, and our calculations of income taxes payable currently and on a deferred basis are based on our interpretations of applicable tax laws. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, there is no assurance that the final determination of our income tax liability will not be materially different than what is reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. In addition, we are subject to, and are under, tax audits in various jurisdictions. Although we believe our tax positions are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could be materially different from our income tax provisions and accruals, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made.
As a result of the acquisition of VMware, we are subject to tax audits in various jurisdictions for the Dell Technologies, Inc. (“Dell”) consolidated group, of which VMware was a member beginning in Dell’s fiscal year 2017 until November 2021. While VMware is no longer a member of the Dell consolidated group, it is still subject to audit for the periods in which it was a member of the Dell consolidated group. While we believe