reason, would limit our capacity to meet customer demands and delay new product development until a replacement facility and equipment, if necessary, were found. To date, such events have not had a material adverse effect on our business. However, such an event could disrupt our operations, forgo revenue opportunities, potentially lose market share, result in us being unable to timely satisfy customer demand, expose us to claims by our customers, result in significant expense to repair or replace our affected facilities, and, in some
23
Table of Contents
instances, could significantly curtail our research and development efforts in a particular product area or target market, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business. This disruption could also prevent our customers from resuming their own manufacturing following such an event, they may cancel or scale back their orders from us and this may in turn adversely affect our results of operations. Such events could also result in increased fixed costs relative to the revenue we generate and adversely affect our results of operations.
Failure to adjust our manufacturing and supply chain to accurately meet customer demand could adversely affect our
results of operations.
We make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules, levels of reliance on contract manufacturing and outsourcing, internal fabrication utilization and other resource requirements, based on customer requirements or estimates thereof, which may not be accurate. Many factors could impact our estimates of customers’ demands, including changes in product development cycles, competing technologies and product releases, new or unexpected end-user products, such as demand for AI-related products, and changes in business and economic conditions. If we are unable to timely respond to changes in customer demand, this could damage our customer relationships, harm our reputation, prevent us from taking advantage of opportunities and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We may be unable to maintain appropriate manufacturing capacity or product yields at our own manufacturing facilities, which could adversely affect our relationships with our customers, and our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We must maintain appropriate capacity and product yields at our own manufacturing facilities to meet anticipated customer demand. From time to time, this requires us to invest in expansion or improvements of those facilities, which may not be sufficient or in time, to meet customer demand and we may have to put customers on product allocation, forgo sales or lose customers as a result. Conversely, if we overestimate customer demand, we would experience excess capacity and fixed costs at these facilities will not be fully absorbed, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Similarly, reduced