financial reporting as of November 3, 2024. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework
(2013)
.
Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of November 3, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria.
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of November 3, 2024 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the fourth quarter ended November 3, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
ITEM 9B.
OTHER INFORMATION
Insider Trading Arrangements
On
September 23, 2024
,
Diane M. Bryant
,
a member of our Board of Directors
,
adopted
a trading plan intended to satisfy Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act (the “Trading Plan”). The Trading Plan provides for the potential sale of up to
15,000
shares of Broadcom common stock so long as the market price of Broadcom common stock satisfies certain threshold prices specified in the Trading Plan. The Trading Plan will expire on
September 12, 2025
, subject to early termination for certain specified events set forth in the Trading Plan.
ITEM 9C.
DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
Not applicable.
93
Table of Contents
PART III
ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Broadcom has
adopted
an insider trading compliance policy that governs the purchase, sale, and/or other transactions of our securities by our directors, officers and employees and Broadcom itself. A copy of our insider trading compliance policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The remaining information required by Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference from sections entitled “Board of Directors,” “Corporate Governance” and “Proposal 1 — Election of Directors” in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Our executive officers are listed at the end of Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
ITEM 11.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference from sections entitled “Board of Directors — Director Compensation,” “Board of Directors — Board Committees — Compensation Committee — Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Compensation Committee Report,” “Executive Compensation,” and “CEO Pay Ratio” in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.