year 2024, sales to distributors accounted for 48% of our net revenue. We believe aggregate sales, through all channels, to our top five end customers accounted for approximately 40% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2024. This customer concentration increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and our sensitivity to any material adverse developments experienced by these customers.
21
Table of Contents
Our semiconductor customers are not generally required to purchase specific quantities of products. Even when customers agree to source an agreed portion of their product needs from us, such arrangements often include pricing schedules or methodologies that apply regardless of the volume of products purchased, and those customers may not purchase the amount of product we expect. As a result, we may not generate the amount of revenue or achieve the level of profitability we expect under such arrangements. Moreover, our top customers’ purchasing power has, in some cases, given them the ability to make greater demands on us with regard to pricing and contractual terms in general. Some customers may even reduce the amount of products or decline to purchase due to their internal development of the products. The loss of, or any substantial reduction in sales to, any of our top customers, including our hyperscale customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
We operate in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry.
The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and is characterized by rapid price erosion, wide fluctuations in product supply and demand, constant and rapid technological change, evolving technical standards, evolving markets such as AI, frequent new product introductions, and short product life cycles. From time to time, these factors, together with changes in general economic conditions, cause significant upturns and downturns in the industry and in our business. The market for AI-related products has resulted in a significant upturn in certain segments of the industry resulting in record revenue, which may not be sustainable. Previously the industry experienced a significant upturn due to a supply imbalance that resulted in record profitability and increases in average selling prices, which was followed by a down-cycle resulting in diminished demand for end-user products, high inventory levels and periods of inventory adjustment, and elimination of expedite fees. Historically, such down-cycles have also been characterized by under-utilization of manufacturing capacity, changes in revenue mix and accelerated erosion of average selling prices, which can lead to reduced profitability and a decline in our stock price. The Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors for America Act could also result in an increase in supply leading to excess inventory and a decrease in average selling prices. We expect our business to continue to be