qualify a new supplier is typically lengthy and there is often no readily available alternative source. We do not generally have long-term contracts with our materials suppliers and substantially all of our purchases are on a purchase order basis. Suppliers may extend lead times, limit supplies, place products on allocation or increase prices, any of which could disrupt supply or increase demand in the industry. Additionally, the supply of these materials may be negatively impacted by increased trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners, particularly China. Any such supply constraints could result in loss of revenue opportunities and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
A prolonged disruption of our or our suppliers’ manufacturing facilities, research and development facilities, warehouses or other significant operations could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Although we operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model, we also rely on our own manufacturing facilities, in particular in Fort Collins, Colorado, Singapore, and Breinigsville, Pennsylvania. Our Fort Collins and Breinigsville facilities are the sole sources for the FBAR filters used in many of our wireless devices and for the indium phosphide-based wafers used in our fibre optics products, respectively. Many of our facilities, and those of our CMs and suppliers, are concentrated in the same geographic regions of California and the Pacific Rim, which have above average seismic activity and severe weather activity, and increases the risk of natural disasters impacting multiple suppliers. In addition, a significant majority of our research and development personnel are located in India and the U.S., and our primary warehouse is in Malaysia.
A prolonged disruption at or shut-down of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or warehouses or those of our CMs or suppliers, due to natural- or man-made disasters or other events outside of our control, such as climate change, water shortages, political unrest, military conflicts, geopolitical turmoil, trade tensions, government orders, labor shortages, medical epidemics, economic instability, equipment failure or for any other reason, would limit our capacity to meet customer demands and delay new product development until a replacement facility and equipment, if necessary, were found. To date,
36
Tab
le of Contents
such events have not had a material adverse effect on our business. However, such an event could disrupt our operations, forgo revenue opportunities, potentially lose market share, result in us being unable to timely satisfy customer demand, expose us to claims by our customers, result in significant expense to repair or replace our affected facilities, and, in some instances, could significantly curtail our research and development efforts in a particular product area or target market, any of which could