Acquisition of VMware, Inc.
On
November 22, 2023
, we completed the acquisition of VMware, Inc. (“VMware”) in a cash-and-stock transaction. The VMware stockholders received approximately $
30,788
million in cash and
544
million shares of Broadcom common stock with a fair value of $
53,398
million. VMware was a leading provider of multi-cloud services for all applications, enabling digital innovation with enterprise control. We acquired VMware to enhance our infrastructure software capabilities.
On July 1, 2024, we sold VMware’s end-user computing business for
$
3.5
billion, after working capital adjustments. In connection with the sale, we agreed to provide transitional services to the buyer on a short-term basis. We do not have any material continuing involvement with this business and have presented its results in discontinued operations. Net revenue and income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes were $
350
million and $
51
million, respectively, for the fiscal quarter ended February 4, 2024.
Unaudited Pro Forma Information
The following unaudited pro forma financial information presents combined results of operations for the period presented, as if VMware had been acquired on October 31, 2022, the beginning of fiscal year 2023. The unaudited pro forma information includes adjustments to amortization for intangible assets acquired, stock-based compensation expense, interest expense for acquisition financing, amortization of deferred assets, and depreciation for property and equipment acquired. The unaudited pro forma information presented below is for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of our consolidated results of operations of the combined business had the acquisition actually occurred on October 31, 2022 or of the results of our future operations of the combined business.
4.
Supplemental Financial Information
Cash Equivalents
Cash equivalents included $
2,213
million and $
1,716
million of time deposits and $
711
million and $
1,171
million of money-market funds as of February 2, 2025 and November 3, 2024, respectively. For time deposits, carrying value approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of the instruments. The fair value of money-market funds, which was consistent with their carrying value, was determined using unadjusted prices in active, accessible markets for identical assets, and as such, they were classified as Level 1 assets in the fair value hierarchy.
Accounts Receivable Factoring
We sell certain of our trade accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to third-party financial institutions pursuant to factoring arrangements. We account for these transactions as sales of receivables and present cash proceeds as cash provided by operating activities in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. Total trade accounts receivable sold under the factoring arrangements were $
2,201
million and $
1,250
million during the fiscal quarters ended February 2, 2025 and