ability to utilize such IP rights or assert these rights against third parties. Such events could have a material adverse impact on our business and operations.
We are subject to risks associated with our distributors and other channel partners, including product inventory levels and product sell-through.
We sell our products through a direct sales force and a select network of distributors and other channel partners globally. Sales to distributors accounted for 48% of our net revenue in fiscal year 2024 and are subject to a number of risks, including:
•
fluctuations in demand based on our distributors’ product inventory levels, and the timing of delivery to and demand of end customers;
•
our distributors and other channel partners are generally not subject to minimum sales requirements or any obligation to market our products to their customers and may market and distribute competing products; and
19
Table of Contents
•
our distributors’ and other channel partners’ agreements are generally nonexclusive and may be terminated at any time without cause.
Our dependence on channel partners has increased following the VMware Merger. Failure to maintain good relationships with our distributors and channel partners could adversely impact our business. In addition, we sell our semiconductor products through an increasingly limited number of distributors, which exposes us to additional customer concentration and related credit risks.
From time to time, we enlist our distributors and channel partners to lead go-to-market and customer relationships for certain products, such as our Accelerate Program and Catalyst Initiative for certain infrastructure software products, with certain sole distribution relationships by region. To the extent these distributors and channel partners fail to maintain good relationships with our customers or we are unable to continue enlisting our distributors and channel partners to lead go-to-market and customer relationships, our business, operating results and cash flow may be adversely impacted.
We do not always have a direct relationship with the end customers of our products. As a result, our semiconductor products may be used in applications for which they were not necessarily designed or tested, and the misuse or failure of our semiconductor products could result in significant liabilities to us, damage our reputation and harm our business, operating results and cash flow.
Our business would be adversely affected by the departure of existing members of our senior management team.
Our success depends, in large part, on the continued contributions of our senior management team, in particular the services of Hock E. Tan, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Effective succession planning is also important for our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfers of knowledge and smooth transitions involving senior management could hinder our strategic planning and execution. None of our senior management is bound