condition, operating results and cash flow.
Many of our products and services incorporate open source software, the use of which may subject us to certain conditions, including the obligation to offer such products for no cost or to make the proprietary source code of those products publicly available. Open source licenses are generally “as-is” and do not provide warranties, support or assurance of title or controls on origin, which may expose us to potential liability if the software fails to work or has security vulnerabilities.
Although we monitor our use of open source software to avoid subjecting our products to unintended conditions and security vulnerabilities, we may receive third-party claims regarding our compliance with the conditions of such open source licenses and we may be required to take steps to remedy an alleged infringement or noncompliance, including modifying or releasing our product code or paying damages.
Our sales to government customers subject us to uncertainties and governmental regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Our contracts signed with the U.S. federal, state and local government and non-U.S. government agencies are generally subject to annual fiscal funding approval and may be renegotiated or terminated at the discretion of the government. Termination, renegotiation or the lack of funding approval for a contract could adversely affect our sales, revenue and reputation. Additionally, our government contracts and our arrangements with channel partners who may sell directly to government customers are generally subject to requirements that may generally not be present in commercial contracts and/or may be complex, as well as audits and investigations. Failure to meet contractual requirements could result in various civil and criminal actions and penalties, and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from doing business with the government, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.
Failure to effectively manage our products and services lifecycles could harm our business.
As part of the natural lifecycle of our products and services, customers are informed when products or services will be reaching their end of life or end of availability and will no longer be supported or receive updates and security patches. If these products or services remain subject to a service contract, the customer may transition to alternative products or services. Failure to effectively manage our products and services lifecycles could lead to customer dissatisfaction and contractual liabilities, which could adversely affect our business and operating results.
Our operating results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations.
Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and are