modules, switches and subsystems incorporating multiple semiconductor products.
On November 22, 2023, we acquired VMware in a cash-and-stock transaction (the “VMware Merger”), in which VMware stockholders received, in aggregate, approximately $30.8 billion in cash and 544 million shares of Broadcom common stock (on a split adjusted basis) with a fair value of $53.4 billion. We funded the cash portion of the VMware Merger consideration with net proceeds from the issuance of $30.4 billion in term loans under a credit agreement that we entered into on August 15, 2023, as well as cash on hand. Following the VMware Merger, we sold VMware’s end-user computing business to KKR & Co. Inc. for cash consideration of
$3.5 billion
, after working capital adjustments. With the VMware Merger, we have bolstered our infrastructure software solutions and are able to offer our customers a greater capacity to address complex IT infrastructure issues.
Business Strategy
Our strategy is focused on technology leadership and category-leading semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions delivering a comprehensive suite of innovative infrastructure technology products to the world’s leading business and government customers. We seek to achieve this through strategic acquisitions of businesses and technologies, as well as extensive internal research and development, to ensure our products retain their technology market leadership. This strategy results in a robust business model designed to drive diversified and sustainable operating and financial results.
Products and Markets
Semiconductor Solutions
Semiconductors are made by imprinting a network of electronic components onto a semiconductor wafer. These devices are designed to perform various functions such as processing, amplifying and selectively filtering electronic signals, controlling electronic system functions and processing, and transmitting and storing data. Our digital and mixed signal products are based on silicon wafers with CMOS transistors offering fast switching speeds and low power consumption, which are both critical design factors for the markets we serve. We also offer analog products, which are based on III-V semiconductor materials that have higher electrical conductivity than silicon, and thus tend to have better performance characteristics in radio frequency (“RF”), and optoelectronic applications. III-V refers to elements from the 3rd and 5th groups in the periodic table of chemical elements. Examples of these materials used in our products are gallium arsenide (“GaAs”) and indium phosphide (“InP”).
3
Table of Contents
Our product portfolio ranges from discrete devices to complex sub-systems that include multiple device types and may also incorporate firmware for interfacing between analog and digital systems. In some cases, our products include mechanical hardware that interfaces with optoelectronic or capacitive sensors. We focus on markets that require high quality, leading technology and