at historical exchange rates. The effects of foreign currency remeasurement were not material for any period presented.
Use of estimates.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates, and such differences could affect the results of operations reported in future periods.
56
Table of Contents
Cash and cash equivalents.
We consider all highly liquid investment securities with original maturities of
three months
or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. We determine the appropriate classification of our cash and cash equivalents at the time of purchase.
Trade accounts receivable, net.
Trade accounts receivable are recognized at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. Accounts receivable are reduced by an allowance for doubtful accounts, which is our best estimate of the expected credit losses in our existing accounts receivable. We determine the allowance based on historical experience and current economic conditions, among other factors. Allowances for doubtful accounts were not material as of November 3, 2024 or October 29, 2023. Accounts receivable are also recognized net of sales returns and distributor credit allowances. These amounts are recognized when it is both probable and estimable that discounts will be granted or products will be returned. Allowances for sales returns and distributor credit allowances as of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023 were $
101
million and $
137
million, respectively.
Concentrations of credit risk and significant customers.
Our cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable are potentially subject to concentration of credit risk. Cash and cash equivalents may be redeemable upon demand and are maintained with financial institutions that management believes are of high credit quality and therefore bear minimal credit risk. We seek to mitigate our credit risks by spreading such risks across multiple counterparties and monitoring the risk profile of these counterparties. Our accounts receivable are derived from revenue earned from customers located both within and outside the U.S. We mitigate collection risks from our customers by performing regular credit evaluations of our customers’ financial conditions, and require collateral, such as letters of credit and bank guarantees, in certain circumstances.
Concentration of other risks.
We operate in markets that are highly competitive and rapidly changing. Significant technological changes, shifting customer needs, the emergence of competitive products with new capabilities, general economic conditions worldwide, the ability to safeguard patents and other intellectual property (“IP”) in a