revenue could decline, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and gross margin.
We purchase a significant amount of the materials, including components, used in our products from a limited number of suppliers.
Our manufacturing processes and those of our CMs rely on many materials, including silicon, GaAs and InP wafers, copper lead frames, precious and rare earth metals, mold compound, ceramic packages and various chemicals and gases. During fiscal year 2024, we purchased approximately two-thirds of our manufacturing materials from five materials suppliers, some of which are single source suppliers. The lead time needed to identify and qualify a new supplier is typically lengthy and there is often no readily available alternative source. We do not generally have long-term contracts with our materials suppliers and substantially all of our purchases are on a purchase order basis. Suppliers may extend lead times, limit supplies, place products on allocation or increase prices, any of which could disrupt supply or increase demand in the industry. Additionally, the supply of these materials may be negatively impacted by increased trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners, particularly China. Any such supply constraints could result in loss of revenue opportunities and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
A prolonged disruption of our or our suppliers’ manufacturing facilities, research and development facilities, warehouses or other significant operations could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Although we operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model, we also rely on our own manufacturing facilities, in particular in Fort Collins, Colorado, Singapore, and Breinigsville, Pennsylvania. Our Fort Collins and Breinigsville facilities are the sole sources for the FBAR components used in many of our wireless devices and for the InP-based wafers used in our fibre optics products, respectively. Many of our facilities, and those of our CMs and suppliers, are concentrated in the same geographic regions of California and the Pacific Rim, which have above average seismic activity and severe weather activity, and increases the risk of natural disasters impacting multiple suppliers. In addition, a significant majority of our research and development personnel are located in the Czech Republic, India, Israel, and the U.S., and our primary warehouse is in Malaysia.
A prolonged disruption at or shut-down of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or warehouses or those of our CMs or suppliers, due to natural- or man-made disasters or other events outside of our control, such as climate change, water shortages, political unrest, military conflicts, geopolitical turmoil, trade tensions, government orders, labor shortages, medical epidemics, economic instability, equipment failure or for any other