assumptions and estimates, we determine whether we need to take an impairment charge to reduce the value of the long-lived assets stated on our consolidated balance sheets to reflect their estimated fair value. Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives are complex and often subjective. They can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors, such as the real estate market, industry and economic trends, and internal factors, such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, changes in assumptions and estimates could materially impact our reported financial results.
Income taxes.
Significant management judgment is required in developing our provision for or benefit from income taxes, including the determination of deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowances that might be required against the deferred tax assets. We have considered projected future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for valuation allowances. An adjustment to the valuation allowance will either increase or decrease our provision for or benefit from income taxes in the period such determination is made. In evaluating the exposure associated with various tax filing positions, we accrue an income tax liability when such positions do not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold for recognition.
The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. We recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the U.S. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes, interest, and penalties will be due. If our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the actual amount ultimately assessed, a further charge to tax expense would be required. If the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the accrued liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities no longer exist.
40
Table of Contents
Fiscal Year Presentation
We operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the Sunday closest to October 31. Our fiscal year 2024 was a 53-week fiscal year. Fiscal years 2023 and 2022 each consisted of 52 weeks.
The financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are presented in accordance with GAAP and expressed in U.S. dollars.
41
Table of Contents
Results of Operations
Fiscal Year 2024 Compared to Fiscal Year 2023
The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods presented:
Net Revenue
A relatively small number of customers account for a significant portion of our net revenue. Direct sales to one customer, which