and rules of industrial standards bodies, like the International Organization for Standardization, as well as regulation by other agencies, such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”). These laws,
13
Table of Contents
regulations and orders are complex, may change frequently and with limited notice, have generally and may continue to become more stringent over time. We may incur significant expenditures in future periods as a result.
Our semiconductor manufacturing operations and research and development involve the use of hazardous substances and are regulated under international, federal, state and local laws governing health, safety and the environment. These regulations include limitations on discharge of pollutants to air, water, and soil; remediation requirements; product chemical content limitations; manufacturing chemical use and handling restrictions; pollution control requirements; waste minimization considerations; and treatment, transport, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. We are also regulated under a number of international, federal, state and local laws regarding recycling, product packaging and product content requirements, including legislation enacted in the U.S., European Union and China, among a growing number of jurisdictions, which have placed greater restrictions on the use of lead, among other restricted substances, in electronic products, which affects materials composition and semiconductor packaging.
Seasonality
Historically, our net revenue has typically been higher in the second half of the fiscal year than in the first half, primarily due to seasonality in our wireless communications products. These products have historically experienced seasonality due to launches of new mobile devices manufactured by our OEM customers. However, from time to time, typical seasonality and industry cyclicality are overshadowed by other factors such as wider macroeconomic effects, the timing of customer deployments, significant product transitions and launches by large OEMs, particularly with our AI and wireless communications products. We have a diversified business portfolio and we believe that our overall revenue is less susceptible to seasonal variations as a result of this diversification.
Available Information
Our website is www.broadcom.com. At the “Investor Center” page on this website, we promptly make available free of charge the reports we file or furnish pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), as well as our proxy statements. Such periodic reports, proxy statements and other information are also available at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Information About Our Executive Officers
The following table provides information regarding our executive officers as of December 20, 2024:
Hock E. Tan has