Multi-Year Equity Awards from the grant date through their respective vesting date, ranging from 4 years to 7 years.
Segment Operating Results
Operating income from our semiconductor solutions segment increased mainly driven by revenue growth from networking products, primarily AI networking products, partially offset by lower net revenue from our broadband and server storage products. Operating income from our infrastructure software segment increased primarily due to contributions from VMware.
Unallocated expenses include amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets; stock-based compensation expense; restructuring and other charges; acquisition-related costs; and other costs that are not used in evaluating the results of, or in allocating resources to, our segments. Unallocated expenses increased 192% in fiscal year 2024, compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to higher amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense and restructuring and other charges. These increases were primarily due to the VMware Merger. The increase in stock-based compensation expense was also due to
annual employee equity awards granted at higher grant-date fair values
.
Non-Operating Income and Expenses
Interest expense.
Interest expense was $3,953 million and $1,622 million for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily due to interest on debt incurred for the VMware Merger.
Other income (expense), net.
Other income (expense), net includes interest income, gains and losses on investments, foreign currency remeasurement and other miscellaneous items. Other income, net, was $406 million and $512 million for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to lower interest income as a result of a lower invested balance.
44
Table of Contents
Provision for income taxes.
The provision for income taxes was $3,748 million and $1,015 million for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily due to the impact of a non-recurring intra-group transfer of certain IP rights to the United States as a result of supply chain realignment and the resulting shift in the jurisdictional mix of income.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
The following section discusses our principal liquidity and capital resources as well as our primary liquidity requirements and uses of cash. Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. We believe our cash equivalents are liquid and accessible.
Our primary sources of liquidity as of November 3, 2024 consisted of: (i) $9,348 million in cash and cash equivalents, (ii) cash we expect to generate from operations and (iii) available capacity under our $7.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. In addition, we may also generate cash from the sale of assets and debt or equity financings from time to time.
Our short-term and long-term