can be difficult to determine which product is at fault and we could ultimately be harmed by the failure of another supplier’s product. Consequently, our reputation may be damaged and customers may be reluctant to buy our products and we may have to invest significant capital and other resources, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. As a result, our financial results could be materially adversely affected.
28
Table of Contents
We collect, use, store, or otherwise process personal information, which subjects us to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and commitments could harm our business.
We collect, use and store (collectively referred to as “process” in this paragraph) a high volume, variety and velocity of certain personal information in connection with the operation of our business. This creates various levels of privacy risks across different parts of our business, depending on the type of personal information, the jurisdiction in question and the purpose of their processing. The personal information we process is subject to an increasing number of federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy and data security, as well as contractual commitments. Privacy legislation and other data protection regulations, enforcement and policy activity in this area are expanding rapidly in many jurisdictions and creating a complex regulatory compliance environment. Sectoral legislation, certification requirements and technical standards applying to certain categories of our customers, such as those in the financial services or public sector, have exacerbated this trend. The cost of complying with and implementing these privacy-related and data governance measures could increase depending on any additional burdensome security, business processes, or business record or data localization requirements. Concerns about government interference, sovereignty and expanding privacy, cybersecurity and data governance legislation could adversely affect our customers and our products and services, particularly in cloud computing, AI and our own data management practices. The theft, loss or misuse of personal data collected, used, stored or transferred by us to run our business could result in significantly increased business and security costs or costs related to defending legal claims. Any inadvertent failure or perceived failure by us to comply with privacy, data governance or cybersecurity obligations may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, substantial fines and damages, and could cause our customers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business.
Environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters may adversely affect our relationships with customers and investors and increase compliance costs.
There is an increasing focus