Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index (the “S&P 500 Index”) and the NASDAQ 100 Index for the five fiscal years ended November 3, 2024. The total return graph and table assume that $100 was invested on November 1, 2019 (the last trading day of our fiscal year 2019) in each of Broadcom Inc. common stock, the S&P 500 Index and the NASDAQ 100 Index and assume that all dividends are reinvested. Indexes are calculated on a month-end basis.
The comparisons in the graph below are based on historical data and are not indicative of, or intended to forecast, the possible future performance of our common stock.
Comparison of Five Year Cumulative Total Return
Among Broadcom Inc., the S&P 500 Index and the NASDAQ 100 Index
The graph and the table above shall not be deemed “filed” with the SEC for the purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing made by us with the SEC, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.
ITEM 6.
[RESERVED]
35
Table of Contents
ITEM 7.     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, which appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the caption “Risk Factors” or in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The following section generally discusses our financial condition and results of operations for our fiscal year ended November 3, 2024 (“fiscal year 2024”) compared to our fiscal year ended October 29, 2023 (“fiscal year 2023”). A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2023 compared to our fiscal year ended October 30, 2022 can be found in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on December 14, 2023.
Overview
We are a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. We develop semiconductor devices with a focus on complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor based devices and analog III-V based products. We offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as enterprise and data center networking, including artificial intelligence (“AI”) networking and connectivity, home connectivity, set-top boxes, broadband access, telecommunication equipment, smartphones and base stations, data center servers and storage systems, factory