related policies, practices and metrics. In addition, various jurisdictions have adopted, or are developing, complex and lengthy corporate responsibility-related laws or regulations that may be difficult to comply with and will increase our direct compliance costs, as well as indirect costs passed on to us from our customers and suppliers. Further, there is an increasing number of state-level and federal legislation, executive orders and other backlash against corporate responsibility matters in the United States that may conflict with other regulatory requirements or our various stakeholders’ expectations. If we fail to materially comply with or meet the evolving legal and regulatory requirements or expectations of our various stakeholders, we may be subject to enforcement actions, required to pay fines, face decreased customer demand or lose investors, which could harm our reputation, revenue and results of operations. Our actual or perceived failure to achieve our publicly disclosed corporate responsibility initiatives could negatively impact our reputation, subject us to litigation or enforcement actions, or otherwise harm our business.
In addition, an increasing number of OEMs are seeking to source products that do not contain conflict minerals. This could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of minerals used in the manufacture of semiconductor devices, including our products. As a result, we may face difficulties in satisfying our customers’ demands, which may harm our sales and operating results.
We must comply with technical standards and a variety of domestic and international laws and regulations in the manufacture and distribution of our semiconductors, the costs of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The manufacture and distribution of our semiconductors must comply with technical standards and a variety of domestic and international laws and regulations, including those related to the materials composition of our semiconductor products, and the use, disposal, clean-up of and human exposure to hazardous materials. This could increase the complexity and costs of our product design and procurement operations, require us to stop distributing our products commercially until they comply with such new standards, lead our customers to suspend imports of their products into that country, require us to re-engineer our products and disrupt cross-border manufacturing relationships. In addition, we may be required to modify our manufacturing process or equipment, or be restricted in our ability to expand our facilities. Any failure by us to comply with such requirements could result in litigation against us and the payment of significant fines and damages by us in the event of a significant adverse judgment. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
42
Tab
le of Contents
results of operations. Complying with