rapidly evolving market and reliance on third-party wafer fabricators, assembly and test subcontractors and independent distributors and other factors could affect our financial results.
Inventory.
We value our inventory at the lower of actual cost or net realizable value of the inventory, with cost being determined under the first-in, first-out method. We record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our forecast of product demand and production requirements. The excess and obsolete balance determined by this analysis becomes the basis for our excess and obsolete inventory charge and the written-down value of the inventory becomes its new cost basis.
Retirement benefit plans.
For defined benefit pension plans, we consider various factors in determining our respective benefit obligations and net periodic benefit cost, including the number of employees that we expect to receive benefits, their salary levels and years of service, the expected return on plan assets, the discount rate, the timing of the payment of benefits, and other actuarial assumptions. If the actual results and events of the benefit plans differ from our current assumptions, the benefit obligations may be over- or under-valued.
The key assumptions are the discount rate and the expected rate of return on plan assets. The U.S. discount rates are based on a hypothetical yield curve constructed using high-quality corporate bonds selected to yield cash flows that match the expected timing and amount of the benefit payments. The U.S. expected rate of return on plan assets is set equal to the discount rate due to the implementation of our fully-matched, liability-driven investment strategy. We evaluate these assumptions at least annually. For the non-U.S. plans, we set assumptions specific to each country. We have elected to measure defined benefit pension plan assets and liabilities as of October 31, which is the month end that is closest to our fiscal year end.
Derivative instruments.
We use derivative financial instruments to manage exposure to foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.
Outstanding derivatives are recognized as assets or liabilities at their fair values based on Level 2 inputs, as defined in the fair value hierarchy. For derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges, the changes in fair value are initially recognized in other comprehensive income, net of tax in the period of change, and are subsequently reclassified and recognized in the same line item as the hedged item when either the hedged transactions affect earnings or it becomes probable that the hedged transactions will not occur.
We use foreign exchange forward contracts to manage exposure to foreign exchange risk. These forward contracts are not designated as hedging instruments, and the changes in fair value are recognized in other income (expense), net in the period of change. We did