Sunday closest to October 31. The fiscal year ended November 3, 2024 was a 53-week year. We refer to our fiscal years by the calendar year in which they end.
2
Table of Contents
ITEM 1.
BUSINESS
Overview
We are a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Our over 60-year history of innovation dates back to our diverse origins from AT&T/Bell Labs, Lucent and Hewlett-Packard Company, and evolved with LSI Corporation, Broadcom Corporation, Brocade Communications Systems LLC, CA, Inc., Symantec Enterprise Security, and VMware, Inc. (“VMware”). Over the years, we have assembled a large team of semiconductor and software design engineers around the world. We maintain design, product and software development engineering resources at locations in the U.S., Asia, Europe and Israel, providing us with engineering expertise worldwide. We combine global scale, engineering depth, broad product portfolio diversity, superior execution and operational focus to deliver category-leading semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions.
We develop semiconductor devices with a focus on complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor (“CMOS”) based devices and analog III-V based products. We offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as enterprise and data center networking, including artificial intelligence (“AI”) networking and connectivity, home connectivity, set-top boxes (“STB”), broadband access, telecommunication equipment, smartphones and base stations, data center servers and storage systems, factory automation, power generation and alternative energy systems, and electronic displays. We differentiate ourselves through our high-performance design and integration capabilities and focus on developing semiconductor products for target markets where we believe we can earn attractive margins.
Our infrastructure software solutions help enterprises simplify their information technology (“IT”) environments so they can increase business velocity and flexibility, and enable customers to plan, develop, deliver, automate, manage, and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, edge, mobile, and private and hybrid cloud platforms. Many of the largest companies in the world, including most of the Fortune 500, and many government agencies rely on our software solutions to help manage and secure their on-premises and hybrid cloud environments, private cloud infrastructure and AI data centers. Our portfolio of industry-leading infrastructure and security software is designed to modernize, optimize, and secure the most complex private and hybrid cloud environments, enabling scalability, agility, automation, insights, resiliency and security, making it easy for customers to run their mission-critical workloads. We also offer mission-critical fibre channel storage area networking (“FC SAN”) products and related software in the form of