Compensation expense for market-based awards is amortized based upon a graded vesting method over the service period.
61
Table of Contents
We estimate forfeitures expected to occur and recognize stock-based compensation expense for such awards expected to vest. We will recognize additional expense if actual forfeitures are lower than we estimated, and will recognize a benefit if actual forfeitures are higher than we estimated. Changes in the estimated forfeiture rates can have a significant effect on stock-based compensation expense since the effect of adjusting the rate is recognized in the period the forfeiture estimate is changed.
Shipping and handling costs.
Our shipping and handling costs charged to customers are included in net revenue and the associated expense is included in cost of revenue for all periods presented.
Litigation and settlement costs.
We are involved in legal actions and other matters arising in our recent business acquisitions and in the normal course of business. We recognize an estimated loss contingency when the outcome is probable prior to issuance of the consolidated financial statements and we are able to reasonably estimate the amount or range of any possible loss.
Income taxes.
We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the consolidated financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
We recognize net deferred tax assets to the extent we believe these assets will more likely than not be realized. In making such determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. If we determine that we are able to realize our deferred income tax assets in the future in excess of their net carrying values, we adjust the valuation allowance and reduce the provision for income taxes or increase the benefit from income taxes. Likewise, if we determine that we are not able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets, we increase the provision for income taxes or decrease the benefit from income taxes in the period such determination is made.
The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted on December 22, 2017 (the “2017 Tax Act”) introduced significant changes to U.S. income tax law. The Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (“GILTI”) provisions of the 2017 Tax Act require Broadcom to include in its U.S. income