tax return foreign subsidiary earnings in excess of an allowable return on the foreign subsidiary’s tangible assets. We have elected to record the impacts of GILTI during the period incurred.
We account for uncertainty in income taxes in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on income taxes. This guidance provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits.
Net income per share.
Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to common stock by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to common stock by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock and potentially dilutive shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive shares outstanding include the dilutive effect of unvested RSUs and ESPP rights (together referred to as “equity awards”), as well as convertible preferred stock. Potentially dilutive shares whose effect would have been antidilutive are excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share.
The dilutive effect of equity awards is calculated based on the average stock price for each fiscal period, using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the amount the employee must pay for purchasing shares under the ESPP and the amount of compensation expense for future service that we have not yet recognized are collectively assumed to be used to repurchase shares. The dilutive effect of convertible preferred stock is calculated using the if-converted method. The if-converted method assumes that these securities were converted at the beginning of the reporting period to the extent that the effect is dilutive.
3.
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Disaggregation
We have considered (1) information that is regularly reviewed by our Chief Executive Officer, who has been identified as the chief operating decision maker (the “CODM”) as defined by the authoritative guidance on segment reporting, in evaluating financial performance and (2) disclosures presented outside of our financial statements in our earnings releases and used in investor presentations to disaggregate revenues. The principal category we use to disaggregate revenues is the nature of our products and subscriptions and services, as presented in our consolidated statements of operations. In addition, revenues by reportable segment are presented in Note 13. “Segment Information.”
62
Table of Contents
The following tables present revenue disaggregated by type of revenue and by region for the periods presented:
Although we recognize revenue for the majority of our products when title and control transfer in Penang, Malaysia, we disclose net revenue by