development and product discontinuance plans, and to monitor our suppliers' financial health.
We also have a long history of operating in Asia where we manufacture and source the majority of our products and materials. We store the majority of our product inventory in our warehouse in Malaysia and our presence in Asia places us in close proximity to many of our customers’ manufacturing facilities.
Competition
The markets in which we participate are highly competitive. Our competitors range from large international companies offering a wide range of products to smaller companies specializing in narrow markets. The competitive landscape is changing as a result of a trend toward consolidation within many industries, as some of our competitors have merged with or been acquired by other competitors, while others have begun collaborating with each other. We expect this consolidation trend to continue. We expect competition in the markets in which we participate to continue to increase as existing competitors improve or expand their product offerings and as new companies enter the market. Additionally, our ability to compete effectively depends on a number of factors, including: quality, technical performance, price, product features, product system compatibility, system-level design capability, engineering expertise, responsiveness to customers, new product innovation, product availability, delivery timing and reliability, and customer sales and technical support.
In semiconductor solutions, we compete with integrated device manufacturers, fabless semiconductor companies and the internal resources of large integrated OEMs, such as Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., Amlogic Inc., Analog Devices, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Coherent Corp., Hamamatsu Photonics K.K., Heidenhain Corporation, iC-Haus GmbH, Intel Corporation, Lumentum Holdings Inc., MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc., Marvell Technology, Inc., MaxLinear, Inc., MediaTek Inc., Microchip Technology Incorporated, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, Murata Manufacturing Co., Ltd., NVIDIA Corporation, NXP Semiconductors N.V., ON Semiconductor Corporation, OSRAM Licht AG, Qorvo, Inc., Qualcomm Inc., Realtek Semiconductor Corp., Renesas Electronics Corporation, Skyworks Solutions, Inc., STMicroelectronics N.V., Sumitomo Corporation, Synaptics Incorporated, Texas Instruments, Inc., TDK-EPC Corporation, Toshiba Corporation, and Wolfspeed, Inc. (f/k/a Cree, Inc.).
In infrastructure software, we compete with large enterprise software vendors who continue to expand their product and service offerings and consolidate offerings into broad product lines, and smaller, niche players focused on specific markets, such as Atlassian Corporation, Plc, BeyondTrust Corporation, BMC Software Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc., CyberArk Software, Ltd., Dino-Software Corporation, Fortinet, Inc., Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, International Business Machines Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, New