outstanding.
Documents Incorporated by Reference
Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for its 2025 annual meeting of stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. The registrant’s definitive proxy statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates.
Table of Contents
BROADCOM INC.
2024 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1
Table of Contents
PART I
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws and particularly in Item 1: “Business,” Item 1A: “Risk Factors,” Item 3: “Legal Proceedings” and Item 7: “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These statements are indicated by words or phrases such as “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “seek,” “plan,” “believe,” “could,” “intend,” “will,” and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. These forward-looking statements may include our projected financial results or expectations regarding acquisitions, developments in technology, products and seasonality of our business. Such statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections of our industry performance and macroeconomic conditions, based on management’s judgment, beliefs, current trends and market conditions, and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. We derive most of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon many detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Accordingly, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Material factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to, those disclosed under “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no intent or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law.
Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to “Broadcom,” “we,” “our,” and “us” mean Broadcom Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. We operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the