imbalance can lead to higher gross margins that may not be sustainable over the longer term.
We utilize a significant amount of IP in our business. If we are
unable or fail to protect our IP, our business could be adversely
affected.
Our success depends in part upon protecting our IP. To accomplish this, we rely on a combination of IP rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as customary contractual protections with our customers, suppliers, employees and consultants. We spend significant resources to monitor and protect our IP rights, including the unauthorized use of our products and usage rates of the software seat licenses and subscriptions that we sell. Even with significant expenditures, we may not be able to protect the IP rights that are valuable to our business or have sufficient IP rights to protect our products or our business. Further, effective IP protection may be unavailable or more limited in other jurisdictions, relative to those protections available in the U.S., and may not be applied for or may be abandoned in one or more relevant jurisdictions. In addition, when patents expire, we lose the protection and competitive advantages they provided to us.
We also generate revenue from licensing royalty payments and from technology claim settlements relating to certain of our IP. Licensing of our IP rights, particularly exclusive licenses, may limit our ability to assert those IP rights against third parties, including the licensee of those rights. In addition, from time to time, we acquire companies with IP that is subject to licensing obligations to other third parties. These licensing obligations have extended, and may in the future extend, to our own IP, limiting our ability to assert our IP rights.
From time to time, we pursue litigation to assert our IP rights, including, in some cases, against our customers and suppliers. Claims of this sort could also harm our relationships with our customers and might deter future customers from doing business with us. Conversely, third parties have and may in the future pursue IP litigation against us, including as a result of our IP licensing business. Any inability to adequately protect our IP could limit the value of our technology, result in the loss of opportunities to sell or license our technology to others or limit our collection of royalty payments, any of which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, from time to time, we obtain or renew IP licenses. Our inability to obtain or renew these licenses on acceptable terms, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
We are subject to warranty claims, product recalls and product liability.
From time to time, we may be subject to warranty or product liability claims that may lead to significant expense. Our customer contracts typically contain warranty and indemnification provisions, and in certain