Macroeconomic weakness and uncertainty may also make it more difficult to accurately forecast operating results and raise or refinance debt. An escalation of trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners has resulted in trade restrictions and increased protectionism that harm our ability to participate in some markets or compete effectively. Sustained uncertainty about, or worsening of, current global economic conditions and further tariffs and escalations of trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners, especially China, and the decoupling of the global economies could result in a global economic slowdown and long-term changes to global trade. Such events may also (i) cause our customers and end-users to reduce, delay or forgo technology spending, (ii) result in customers sourcing products from other suppliers not subject to such restrictions or tariffs, (iii) lead to the insolvency or consolidation of key suppliers and customers, and (iv) intensify pricing pressures. Any or all of these factors could negatively affect demand for our products and our business, financial condition and results of operations.
30
Tab
le of Contents
Our business is subject to various governmental regulations. Compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense and failure to maintain compliance with applicable regulations could adversely affect our business.
Our business is subject to various domestic and international laws and other legal requirements, including anti-competition and import/export regulations, such as the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, and applicable executive orders. These laws, regulations and orders are complex, change frequently and with limited notice, generally become more stringent over time. We may be required to incur significant expense to comply with these legal requirements. In addition, if our suppliers or customers fail or choose not to comply with these legal requirements, we may be required to suspend purchasing from such suppliers, or selling to such customers, which could damage our reputation and negatively impact our results of operations. The U.S. government continues to add companies to its restricted entity list and/or technologies to its list of prohibited exports to specific countries, which have had and may in the future have an adverse effect on our revenue, supply chain and our ability to manufacture or sell our products. These restrictive governmental actions and any similar measures that may be imposed on U.S. companies by other governments, especially in light of ongoing trade tensions with U.S. trading partners, will likely limit or prevent us from doing business with certain of our customers or suppliers and harm our ability to compete effectively or otherwise negatively affect our ability to sell our products. Furthermore, foreign government authorities have proposed, and may take, retaliatory actions, impose conditions for the supply of products or require the