expend resources to develop non-infringing technology, seek a license which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or relinquish patents or other IP rights.
In addition, the proprietary portions of our source code for our infrastructure software products are protected both as a trade secret and as copyrighted works. Except with respect to software components that are subject to open source licenses, our customers do not generally have access to the source code for our products. Rather, on-premises customers typically access only the executable code for our products, and SaaS customers access only the functionality of our SaaS offerings. Under certain contingent circumstances, some of our customers are beneficiaries of a source code escrow arrangement that would enable them to obtain a limited right to access and use our source code if specific conditions are met.
Employees
Our continued success depends on our ability to attract, motivate and retain our workforce in a highly competitive labor market. Specifically, as the source of our technological and product innovations, our engineering and technical personnel are a critical asset.
We measure our employees’ engagement by our voluntary attrition rate and employee feedback. Our global voluntary attrition rates in fiscal year 2024 were approximately 2.9% (excluding employees who joined Broadcom as a result of the VMware Merger) and approximately 6.2% (including employees who joined Broadcom as a result of the VMware Merger), which are both below the technology industry benchmark (AON, 2024 Salary Increase and Turnover Study — Second Edition, September 2024).
We also track the portion of our workforce in research and development roles. As of November 3, 2024, we had approximately 37,000 employees worldwide, with approximately 55% in research and development roles. By geography, approximately 48% of our employees are located in North America, 36% in Asia, and 16% in Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
Governmental Regulation
We are subject to numerous regulations and laws in the United States and abroad involving matters central to our business. Many of these laws and regulations are evolving and their applicability and scope, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain.
We are subject to regulation by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration and similar health and safety laws in other jurisdictions. We believe that our properties and operations at our facilities comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and worker health and safety laws. However, the risk of environmental liabilities cannot be completely eliminated and there can be no assurance that the application of environmental, health and safety laws to our business will not require us to incur significant expenditures.
In addition, our business is subject to various import/export regulations, such as the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, and applicable executive orders,