implementing production for a major design win or multiple design wins at the same time, such as our design wins for our custom AI accelerators or XPUs and other AI-related products, may strain our resources and those of our CMs. In such event, we may be forced to dedicate significant additional resources such as product engineering and incur additional costs and expenses, which we expect to continue for our AI-related products. These risks are exacerbated by the fact that many of our products, such as our AI-related products, are dependent on our continued success in the development and quality of our products and product engineering.
22
Table of Contents
Dependence on contract manufacturing and suppliers of critical components within our supply
chain may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market, damage our
reputation and adversely affect our results of operations.
We operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model that principally utilizes CMs, such as third-party wafer foundries. Our semiconductor products require wafer manufacturers with state-of-the-art fabrication equipment and techniques, and most of our products are designed to be manufactured in a specific process, typically at one particular fab or foundry, either our own or with a particular CM. Qualifying and establishing reliable production at acceptable yields with a new CM, if at all, is a lengthy and often expensive process.
We depend on our CMs to allocate sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality at acceptable yields, and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis. We do not generally have long-term capacity commitments with our CMs and substantially all of our manufacturing services are on a purchase order basis with no minimum quantities. Further, our CMs may fail to timely develop or successfully implement new, advanced manufacturing processes, including transitions to smaller geometry process technologies. From time to time, our CMs may also cease to, or become unable to, manufacture a component for us.
TSMC, one of our CMs, manufactured approximately 95% of the wafers manufactured by our CMs during fiscal year 2024. We believe our wafer requirements represent a meaningful portion of TSMC’s total production capacity. However, TSMC also fabricates wafers for other companies, including some of our competitors, and could choose or be required to prioritize capacity for other customers or reduce or eliminate deliveries to us on short notice. In addition, TSMC has, and may in the future, raise their prices to us.
If any of the foregoing circumstances occur, we may be unable to meet our customer demand, or to the same extent as our competitors, fail to meet our contractual obligations or forgo revenue opportunities. This could damage our relationships with our customers, result in litigation for alleged failure to meet our obligations, or result in payment of significant damages, and our net