not exercise those rights. In addition, the majority of our revenue is from contracts with a duration of one year or less. Accordingly, our remaining performance obligations disclosed above are not indicative of revenue for future periods
.
4.
Acquisitions
Acquisition of VMware, Inc.
On
November 22, 2023
, we completed the VMware Merger. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, each share of VMware common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the VMware Merger was indirectly converted into the right to receive, at the election of the holder of such share of VMware common stock, either $
142.50
in cash or
2.52
shares of Broadcom common stock (on a split adjusted basis). The stockholder election was prorated, such that the total number of shares of VMware common stock entitled to receive cash and the total number of shares of VMware common stock entitled to receive Broadcom common stock, in each case, was equal to
50
% of the aggregate number of shares of VMware common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the VMware Merger. Based on the VMware stockholders’ elections, the VMware stockholders received approximately $
30,788
million in cash and
544
million shares of Broadcom common stock with a fair value of $
53,398
million.
We funded the cash portion of the VMware Merger with the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2023 Term Loans, as defined and discussed in Note 10. “Borrowings”, as well as cash on hand. We assumed $
8,250
million of VMware’s outstanding senior unsecured notes.
Purchase Consideration
We assumed all outstanding VMware RSU awards and performance stock unit (“PSU”) awards held by continuing employees. The assumed awards were converted into RSU awards for shares of Broadcom common stock. All outstanding in-the-money VMware stock options and RSU awards held by non-employee directors were accelerated and converted into the right to receive cash and shares of Broadcom common stock, in equal parts.
64
Table of Contents
The following table presents our allocation of the total purchase price, net of cash acquired:
Goodwill is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and anticipated synergies and economies of scale expected from the integration of the VMware business. The synergies include certain cost savings, operating efficiencies and other strategic benefits projected to be achieved as a result of the VMware Merger. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.
Assets and liabilities held-for-sale primarily included the end-user computing (“EUC”) business and certain other assets and liabilities, which were not aligned with our strategic objectives. On July 1, 2024, we sold the EUC business to KKR & Co. Inc. for cash consideration of $
3.5
billion
, after working capital adjustments
. We do not have any material continuing involvement with this business and have presented its results in discontinued operations.
Our results of continuing operations included $
12,384
million of net revenue