by our distributors, original equipment manufacturer customers, contract manufacturers, channel partners, or software customers.
Contract Balances
Contract assets and contract liabilities balances were as follows:
Changes in our contract assets and contract liabilities primarily result from the timing difference between our performance and the customer’s payment. We fulfill our obligations under a contract with a customer by transferring products and services in exchange for consideration from the customer. We recognize a contract asset when we transfer products or services to a customer and the right to consideration is conditional on something other than the passage of time. Accounts receivable are recorded when the customer has been billed or the right to consideration is unconditional. We recognize contract liabilities when we have received consideration or an amount of consideration is due from the customer and we have a future obligation to transfer products or services.
As of
February 2, 2025
, approximately
59
% of contract liabilities related to contracts subject to termination for convenience provisions
. The amount of revenue recognized during the fiscal quarter ended February 2, 2025 that was included in the contract liabilities balance as of November 3, 2024 was $
3,583
million. The amount of revenue recognized during the fiscal quarter ended February 4, 2024 that was included in the contract liabilities balance as of October 29, 2023 was $
1,313
million.
Remaining Performance Obligations
Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations. Remaining performance obligations include unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods, but do not include contracts for software, subscriptions or services where the customer is not committed. The customer is not considered committed when the customer contract
9
Tab
le of Contents
permits termination for convenience. Additionally, as a practical expedient, we have not included contracts that have an original duration of one year or less, nor have we included contracts with sales-based or usage-based royalties promised in exchange for a license of intellectual property (“IP”).
Certain multi-year customer contracts in our semiconductor solutions segment and infrastructure software segment, including contracts where customers do not have termination rights,
contain firmly committed amounts and the remaining performance obligations under these contracts as of February 2, 2025 were approximately $
22.4
billion. We expect approximately
40
% of this amount to be recognized as revenue over the next
12
months. For contracts with termination for convenience rights, our customers generally do not exercise those rights. Accordingly, our remaining performance obligations disclosed above are not indicative of revenue for future periods
.
3.
Acquisitions