primarily broadband products. Higher operating income from our infrastructure software segment in the fiscal quarter ended February 2, 2025 compared to the prior year fiscal period was primarily due to strong demand for our VCF product, additional license revenue recognized on contracts where customers do not have the right to terminate, and the transition to a subscription license model.
Unallocated expenses include amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets; stock-based compensation expense; restructuring and other charges; acquisition-related costs; and other costs that are not used in evaluating the results of, or in allocating resources to, our segments. Unallocated expenses decreased 25% for the fiscal quarter ended February 2, 2025 compared to the prior year fiscal period due to lower restructuring and other charges, stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related costs, and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets.
Non-Operating Income and Expenses
Interest expense.
Interest expense was $873 million and $926 million for the fiscal quarters ended February 2, 2025, and February 4, 2024, respectively. The decrease was primarily from an overall reduction in outstanding debt balances and debt refinancing activities that drove lower effective interest rates since the fiscal quarter ended February 4, 2024.
Other income, net.
Other income, net includes interest income, gains and losses on investments, foreign currency remeasurement and other miscellaneous items. Other income, net, was $103 million and $185 million for the fiscal quarters ended February 2, 2025 and February 4, 2024, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to lower interest income as a result of a lower invested balance.
25
Tab
le of Contents
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes.
The benefit from income taxes was $13 million for the fiscal quarter ended February 2, 2025 and was primarily due to excess tax benefits from stock-based awards partially offset by income before income taxes and a shift in the jurisdictional mix of revenue and expenses. The provision for income taxes was $68 million for the fiscal quarter ended February 4, 2024 and was primarily due to income before income taxes partially offset by excess tax benefits from stock-based awards and a valuation allowance release.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
The following section discusses our principal liquidity and capital resources as well as our principal liquidity requirements and uses of cash. Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. We believe our cash equivalents are liquid and accessible.
Our primary sources of liquidity as of February 2, 2025 consisted of: (i) $9,307 million in cash and cash equivalents, (ii) cash we expect to generate from operations and (iii) available capacity under our $7.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. In addition, we may also generate