other financial services providers, government agencies, global IT service providers, telecommunication providers, transportation companies, manufacturers, technology companies, retailers, educational organizations and health care institutions. Our private cloud infrastructure suite of solutions are available directly from Broadcom, resellers and distributors, hyperscale cloud providers, value-added OEMs and VMware cloud service provider partners. VCF provides license portability, which enables customers to purchase subscriptions of VCF software and move their VCF environments between on-premises data centers and supported cloud endpoints. We remain focused on strengthening relationships and increasing penetration within our existing core, mainframe, VMware, and Symantec endpoint customers and expanding the adoption of our enterprise software offerings with these customers. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth.
11
Table of Contents
Manufacturing
We focus on maintaining an efficient global supply chain and a variable, low-cost operating model. Accordingly, we outsource a majority of our manufacturing operations, utilizing third-party foundry and assembly and test capabilities, as well as some of our corporate infrastructure functions. The majority of our front-end wafer manufacturing operations is outsourced to external foundries, including Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (“TSMC”). We use third-party contract manufacturers for a significant majority of our assembly and test operations, including TSMC, Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc., Foxconn Technology Group, Amkor Technology, Inc. and Siliconware Precision Industries Co., Ltd. We use our internal fabrication facilities for products utilizing our innovative and proprietary processes, such as our FBAR filters for wireless communications and our vertical-cavity surface emitting laser and side emitting lasers based on GaAs and InP lasers for fiber optic communications, while outsourcing commodity processes such as standard CMOS. By doing so, we can protect our IP and accelerate time to market for our products. The majority of our internal III-V semiconductor wafer fabrication is done in the U.S. and Singapore.
We purchase materials from hundreds of suppliers on a global basis. These purchases are generally on a purchase order basis and some parts are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time and cost necessary for re-design or qualification. To address the potential disruption in our supply chain, we may use a number of techniques, including redesigning products for alternative components, making incremental or “lifetime” purchases, or qualifying more than one source of supply. Our long-term relationships with our suppliers allow us to proactively manage our technology