operating results for the fiscal quarter ended February 2, 2025 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for fiscal year 2025, or for any other future period.
On July 12, 2024, we completed a
ten
-for-one forward stock split of our common stock through the filing of an amendment (“Amendment”) to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The Amendment proportionately increased the number of shares of our authorized common stock without changing the par value of $
0.001
per share. All share, equity award and per share amounts and related stockholders’ equity balances presented in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been retroactively adjusted, where applicable, to reflect the stock split.
Significant Accounting Policies
Use of estimates.
The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates, and such differences could affect the results of operations reported in future periods.
2.
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
We account for a contract with a customer when both parties have approved the contract and are committed to perform their respective obligations, each party’s rights can be identified, payment terms can be identified, the contract has commercial substance, and it is probable that we will collect substantially all of the consideration to which we are entitled. Revenue is recognized when, or as, performance obligations are satisfied by transferring control of a promised product or service to a customer.
8
Tab
le of Contents
Disaggregation
We have considered (1) information that is regularly reviewed by our Chief Executive Officer, who has been identified as the chief operating decision maker (the “CODM”) as defined by the authoritative guidance on segment reporting, in evaluating financial performance and (2) disclosures presented outside of our financial statements in our earnings releases and used in investor presentations to disaggregate revenues. The principal category we use to disaggregate revenues is the nature of our products and subscriptions and services, as presented in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. In addition, revenues by reportable segment are presented in Note 10. “Segment Information.”
The following tables present revenue disaggregated by type of revenue and by region for the periods presented:
Although we recognize revenue for the majority of our products when title and control transfer in Penang, Malaysia, we disclose revenue by region based primarily on the geographic shipment location or delivery location specified