experience assessing and managing cybersecurity programs.
Our management is informed about and monitors the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which may include, among other things, threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us, and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in our IT environment.
ITEM 2.
PROPERTIES
We are headquartered in Palo Alto, California and our primary warehouse is located in Malaysia. We conduct our administration, manufacturing, research and development, sales and marketing in both owned and leased facilities. We believe that our owned and leased facilities are adequate for our present operations. We do not identify or allocate assets by operating segment.
32
Table of Contents
As of November 3, 2024, our owned and leased facilities in excess of 100,000 square feet consisted of:
ITEM 3.     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The information set forth under Note 14. “Commitments and Contingencies” included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is incorporated herein by reference. For an additional discussion of certain risks associated with legal proceedings, see “Risk Factors” above.
ITEM 4.     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
None.
33
Table of Contents
PART II
ITEM 5.
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Market Information
Broadcom common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “AVGO”.
Holders
As of November 29, 2024, there were 1,735 holders of record of our common stock. A substantially greater number of stockholders are “street name” or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
During the fiscal quarter ended November 3, 2024, we paid approximately $1,204 million in employee withholding taxes due upon the vesting of net settled equity awards. We withheld approximately 8 million shares of common stock from employees in connection with such net share settlement at an average price of $160.31 per share. These shares may be deemed to be “issuer purchases” of shares.
In December 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to repurchase up to $10 billion of our common stock from time to time through December 31, 2022, which was subsequently extended to December 31, 2023. In May 2022, our Board of Directors authorized another stock repurchase program to repurchase up to an additional $10 billion of our common stock from time to time through December 31, 2023. All $20 billion of the authorized amount under these stock repurchase programs was utilized prior to expiration on December 31, 2023.
34
Table of Contents
Stock Performance Graph
The following graph shows a comparison of cumulative total return for our common stock, the