movement of digital data to and from host machines, such as servers, personal computers and storage systems, to the underlying storage devices, such as hard disk drives (“HDD”) and solid-state drives (“SSD”).
•
SAS, RAID & PCIe Products:
We provide serial attached small computer system interface (SAS) and redundant array of independent disks (RAID) controller and adapter solutions to server and storage system original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”). These solutions enable secure and high-speed data transmission between a host computer, such as a server, and storage peripheral devices, such as HDD, SSD and optical disk drives and disk and tape-based storage systems. Some of these solutions are delivered as stand-alone semiconductors, typically as a controller. Other solutions are delivered as circuit boards, known as adapter products, which incorporate our semiconductors onto a circuit board with other features. RAID technology is a critical part of our server storage connectivity solutions as it provides protection against the loss of critical data resulting from HDD failures.
We also provide interconnect semiconductors that support the peripheral component interconnect express (“PCIe”) communication standards. PCIe is the primary interconnection mechanism inside computing systems today.
•
Fibre Channel Products:
We provide fibre channel host bus adapters, which connect host computers such as servers to FC SANs.
•
Ethernet NIC Controllers:
Our Ethernet NIC controllers are designed for high-performance virtualization, intelligent flow processing, secure data center connectivity, and machine learning.
5
Table of Contents
•
HDD & SSD Solutions:
We provide read channel-based system-on-chip (“SoC”) and preamplifiers to HDD OEMs. These are the critical chips required to read, write and protect data. An HDD SoC is an integrated circuit (“IC”) that combines the functionality of a read channel, serial interface, memory and a hard disk controller in a small, high-performance, low-power and cost-effective package. Read channels convert analog signals that are generated by reading the stored data on the physical media into digital signals.
In addition, we sell preamplifiers, which are complex, high speed, mixed signal devices that enable writing and reading data to and from the HDD heads. The preamplifier interfaces with the SoC to provide the electronics data path in a HDD.
We also provide custom flash controllers to SSD OEMs. An SSD stores data in flash memory instead of on a hard disk, providing high speed access to the data. Flash controllers manage the underlying flash memory in SSDs, performing critical functions such as reading and writing data to and from the flash memory and performing error correction, wear leveling and bad block management.
Broadband Solutions.
We provide semiconductor solutions for enabling STBs and broadband access applications.
•
Set-Top Box:
We offer complete SoC platform solutions for cable, satellite, Internet Protocol