VMware’s positions are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could be materially different from our income tax provisions and accruals. Further, pursuant to a tax agreement between VMware and Dell, in the event VMware becomes subject to audits as a member of Dell’s consolidated group, Dell has authority to control the audit and represent Dell and our interests, which could limit our ability to affect the outcome of such audits.
If our tax incentives or tax holiday arrangements change or cease to be in effect or applicable, our corporate income taxes could significantly increase.
Our operations benefit from the various tax incentives extended to us in various jurisdictions to encourage investment or employment. Each tax incentive and tax holiday is subject to our compliance with various conditions and may, in some instances, be amended or terminated prior to their scheduled termination date by the relevant governmental authority. If we cannot, or elect not to, comply with the conditions related to our tax incentive or tax holiday, we could be required to refund previously realized material tax benefits. If such tax incentive or tax holiday is modified or terminated prior to its expiration absent a new incentive applying, we could suffer material adverse tax and other financial consequences, which would increase our expenses, reduce our profitability and adversely affect our cash flows. In addition, we may be required, or elect, to modify our operational structure and tax strategy in order to keep an incentive, which could result in a decrease in the benefits of the incentive. Adoption of global minimum tax provisions in a country in which we have an existing tax incentive could have a material adverse impact on our tax incentives. Our tax incentives and tax holiday, before taking into consideration U.S. foreign tax credits, decreased the provision for income taxes by approximately $2,261 million in the aggregate and increased diluted net income per share by $0.47 for fiscal year 2024.
Our interpretations and conclusions regarding the tax incentives are not binding on any taxing authority, and if our assumptions and interpretations are incorrect, the benefits of the tax incentives may be adversely affected.
We have potential tax liabilities as a result of VMware’s former controlling ownership by Dell, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
If the VMware spin-off from Dell in November 2021 is determined to not be tax-free for any reason, we could be liable for all or a portion of the tax liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. Further, if the acquisition of VMware results in the spin-off failing to qualify as a tax-free transaction under Section 355 of the
43
Tab
le of Contents
Internal Revenue Code, Dell, its affiliates and, potentially, its stockholders would incur significant tax liabilities and we may be required to indemnify