control, note holders will have the right to require us to repurchase their notes at a price equal to
101
% of the principal amount of such notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Each series of the senior notes pays interest semi-annually.
2025 Credit Agreement
In January 2025, we entered into a credit agreement (the “2025 Credit Agreement”), which provides for a five-year $
7.5
billion unsecured revolving credit facility, of which $
500
million is available for the issuance of multi-currency letters of credit. The issuance of letters of credit under the revolving credit facility would reduce the aggregate amount otherwise available under such facility for revolving loans. Subject to the terms of the 2025 Credit Agreement, we are permitted to borrow, repay and reborrow revolving loans at any time prior to the earlier of (a) January 13, 2030 or (b) the date that the commitments are terminated either at our request or, if an event of default occurs, by the lenders. In connection with the 2025 Credit Agreement, we terminated the credit agreement entered into in January 2021, which provided for a five-year $
7.5
billion unsecured revolving credit facility. We had
no
borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility at either February 2, 2025 or November 3, 2024.
Commercial Paper
In January 2025, we increased the maximum amount of our commercial paper program, pursuant to which we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes in an aggregate principal amount of up to $
4.0
billion outstanding at any time with maturities of up to 397 days from the date of issue. Commercial paper is sold under customary terms in the commercial paper market and may be issued at a discount from par or, alternatively, may be sold at par and bear interest at rates dictated by market conditions at the time of their issuance. The discount associated with the commercial paper is amortized to interest expense over its term. As of February 2, 2025, we had $
4.0
billion of commercial paper outstanding with maturities generally less than sixty days.
16
Tab
le of Contents
Fair Value of Debt
As of February 2, 2025, the estimated aggregate fair value of our senior notes was $
53,926
million, which was determined using quoted prices from less active markets. The carrying value of the unsecured term loans approximates their fair value as the unsecured term loans are carried at a market observable interest rate tied to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) that resets periodically. The carrying value of commercial paper approximates its fair value due to the short-term nature of the instruments. All of our debt obligations are categorized as Level 2 instruments.
Future Principal Payments of Debt
The future scheduled principal payments of senior notes and term loans as of February 2, 2025 were as follows:
As of February 2, 2025 and November 3, 2024, we were in compliance with all debt covenants.
8.
Stockholders’ Equity
Cash Dividends Declared and Paid
Stock-Based