increased partner payments driven by higher volumes from certain network issuing partners.
Marketing expense increased, reflecting higher levels of spending on merchant engagement and other growth initiatives.
Salaries and employee benefits and other expenses decreased, primarily driven by Accertify costs included in the prior year and lower allocated service costs.
19
Table of Contents
Corporate & Other
Corporate functions and certain other businesses are included in Corporate & Other.
Corporate & Other pretax loss was $609 million and $615 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The decrease in pretax loss was primarily driven by a decrease in the value of deferred compensation liabilities, partially offset by losses on Amex Ventures investments.
CONSOLIDATED CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY
Our balance sheet management objectives are to maintain:
•
A solid and flexible equity capital profile;
•
A broad, deep and diverse set of funding sources to finance our assets and meet operating requirements; and
•
Liquidity programs that enable us to continuously meet expected future financing obligations and business requirements for at least a twelve month period under a variety of adverse circumstances.
We continue to see volatility in the capital markets due to a variety of factors and manage our balance sheet to reflect evolving circumstances.
Capital
We believe capital allocated to growing businesses with a return on risk-adjusted equity in excess of our costs will generate shareholder value. Our objective is to retain sufficient levels of capital generated through net income and other sources, such as the issuance of subordinated debt and preferred shares, as well as the exercise of stock options by colleagues, to maintain a strong balance sheet, provide flexibility to support future business growth, and distribute excess capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. See “Dividends and Share Repurchases” below.
We seek to maintain capital levels and ratios in excess of our minimum regulatory requirements, specifically within a 10 to 11 percent target range for American Express Company’s Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) risk-based capital ratio.
We maintain certain flexibility to shift capital across our businesses as appropriate. For example, we may infuse additional capital into subsidiaries to maintain capital at targeted levels in consideration of debt ratings and regulatory requirements. These infused amounts can affect the capital and liquidity positions at American Express Company or at our subsidiaries.
We report our capital ratios using the Basel III capital definitions and the Basel III standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets.
20
Table of Contents
The following table presents our regulatory risk-based capital and leverage ratios and those of American Express National Bank (AENB), as of March 31, 2025:
Table 16: Regulatory Risk-Based Capital and Leverage Ratios
(a)
Represents