current period versus a reserve build in the prior period, partially offset by higher net write-offs. Our reserves for the current period reflect the quality of our premium customer base and the assumptions about the macroeconomic outlook available to us as of quarter-end. The reserve build in the prior period was primarily driven by slightly higher delinquencies.
Card Member receivables provision for credit losses decreased, primarily due to lower net write-offs. The reserve releases in both the current and prior periods were primarily driven by decreases in receivables outstanding.
Other provision for credit losses increased, primarily due to a higher reserve build in the current period and higher net write-offs. The reserve builds in both the current and prior periods primarily reflect increases in other loans outstanding as we continue to grow our Personal Loans offerings.
10
Table of Contents
Expenses
Total expenses increased across all expense categories, primarily driven by higher Card Member rewards and Salaries and employee benefits and other expenses.
Card Member rewards expense increased, primarily driven by the above-mentioned benefit from enhancements to the U.S. URR models made in the prior year, as well as higher billed business and an increase in redemption costs reflecting a shift in the mix of Card Member redemptions.
Business development expense increased, primarily due to increased partner payments driven by higher billed business.
Card Member services expense increased, primarily due to growth in premium card accounts, contributing to a higher usage of travel-related benefits.
Marketing expense increased, reflecting higher levels of spending on customer acquisitions and other growth initiatives.
Salaries and employee benefits and other expenses increased, primarily due to an increase in allocated service costs and higher compensation costs.
11
Table of Contents
Table 10: USCS Selected Statistical Information
(a)
Refer to Table 7 footnote (a).
(b)
Refer to Table 8 footnote (a).
(c)
Refer to Table 8 footnote (b).
(d)
Refer to Table 8 footnote (c).
12
Table of Contents
Commercial Services
Table 11: CS Selected Income Statement Data
Commercial Services (CS) issues a wide range of proprietary corporate and small business cards and provides services to U.S. businesses, including payment and expense management, banking and non-card financing products. CS also issues proprietary corporate cards and provides services to select global corporate clients.
Total Revenues Net of Interest Expense
Non-interest revenues increased, primarily driven by higher Discount revenue and Net card fees.
Discount revenue increased 2 percent, primarily driven by an increase in commercial billed business. See Tables 5, 6 and 12 for more details on billed business performance.
Net card fees increased 13 percent, primarily driven by growth in our premium card portfolios.
Service fees and other revenue decreased 6 percent, primarily driven by lower travel