in Other, net expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
Our embedded derivative related to seller earnout shares granted to us upon the completion of a business combination in the second quarter of 2022 between our equity method investee, American Express Global Business Travel, and Apollo Strategic Growth Capital had a notional amount of $
78
million as of both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. The changes in the fair value of the embedded derivative resulted in losses of $
17
million and $
4
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, which were recognized in Service fees and other revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
60
Table of Contents
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
9.
Fair Values
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities Carried at Fair Value
The following table summarizes our financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, categorized by GAAP’s fair value hierarchy, as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:
Table 9.1: Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities measured at Fair Value
(a)
Refer to Note 4 for the fair values of investment securities and to Note 8 for the fair values of derivative assets and liabilities on a further disaggregated basis.
(b)
Level 3 fair value reflects an embedded derivative. Management reviews and applies judgment to the valuation of the embedded derivative that is performed by an independent third party using a Monte Carlo simulation that models a range of probable future stock prices based on implied volatility in a risk neutral framework. Refer to Note 8 for additional information about this embedded derivative.
61
Table of Contents
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities Carried at Other Than Fair Value
The following tables summarize the estimated fair values of our financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at amortized cost, and not required to be carried at fair value on a recurring basis, as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. The fair values of these financial instruments are estimates based upon the market conditions and perceived risks as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, and require management’s judgment. These figures may not be indicative of future fair values, nor can the fair value of American Express be estimated by aggregating the amounts presented.
Table 9.2: Fair Value of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities measured at Amortized Cost
(a)
Level 2 fair value amounts reflect time deposits and short-term investments.
(b)
Balances include Card Member receivables (including fair values of Card Member receivables of $
4.2
billion and $
3.9
billion held by a consolidated VIE as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively), other receivables and other miscellaneous assets.
(c)
Balances include amounts held by a consolidated