revenue. Prior period amounts have been recast to conform to the current period presentation; there was no impact to Total non-interest revenues. Refer to Note 12 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information.
Consolidated Results of Operations
Table 2: Total Revenues Net of Interest Expense Summary
Total Revenues Net of Interest Expense
Discount revenue increased, primarily driven by an increase in billed business of 6 percent. See Tables 5 and 6 for more details on billed business performance.
Net card fees increased, primarily driven by growth in our premium card portfolios. See Table 5 for more details on proprietary new card acquisitions, proprietary cards-in-force and average fee per card.
Service fees and other revenue increased, primarily driven by a discrete revenue adjustment in the current period related to certain cash advance fees from prior years, higher foreign exchange-related revenues associated with Card Member cross-currency spending and higher network partnership revenues, partially offset by Accertify revenues included in the prior year.
Interest income increased, primarily driven by growth in revolving loan balances, partially offset by lower interest rates.
Interest expense decreased, primarily driven by lower interest rates paid on customer deposits, partially offset by growth in customer deposits and long-term debt.
4
Table of Contents
Table 3: Provisions for Credit Losses Summary
(a)
Refer to the “Glossary of Selected Terminology” for a definition of reserve build (release).
Provisions for Credit Losses
Card Member loans provision for credit losses decreased, primarily due to a reserve release in the current period versus a reserve build in the prior period, partially offset by higher net write-offs. Our reserves for the current period reflect the quality of our premium customer base and the assumptions about the macroeconomic outlook available to us as of quarter-end. The reserve build in the prior period was primarily driven by an increase in loans outstanding and slightly higher delinquencies.
Card Member receivables provision for credit losses decreased, primarily due to lower net write-offs and a higher reserve release in the current period. The reserve releases in both the current and prior periods were primarily driven by decreases in receivables outstanding.
Other provision for credit losses increased, primarily due to a higher reserve build in the current period and higher net write-offs. The reserve builds in both the current and prior periods primarily reflect increases in other loans outstanding as we continue to grow our Personal Loans and Business Line of Credit offerings.
5
Table of Contents
Table 4: Expenses Summary
Expenses
Card Member rewards expense increased, driven by increases in Membership Rewards and cash back rewards expenses, collectively, of $488 million, and cobrand rewards expense of $116 million. The increase in Membership Rewards expense was primarily driven by a