Averages are based on month-end balances for the periods presented.
(b)
The net write-off rate presented is on a worldwide basis and is based on principal losses only (i.e., excluding interest and/or fees) to be consistent with industry convention. In addition, as our practice is to include uncollectible interest and/or fees as part of our total provision for credit losses, a net write-off rate including principal, interest and/or fees is also presented.
(c)
Non-accrual loans primarily include certain loans placed with outside collection agencies for which we have ceased accruing interest. Amounts presented includes Other loans of $12 million and $7 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Higher non-accrual loans are primarily driven by higher legal placements.
(d)
Refer to “Maturities and Sensitivities to Changes in Interest Rates” for total outstanding balance of loans and Card Member receivables.
(e)
Refer to “Allocation of reserve for credit losses” for reserve related to Card Member loans and Other loans.
A-7
Table of Contents
Allocation of Reserve for Credit Losses
The following table shows the reserve for credit losses allocated to Card Member loans (excluding Card Member loans HFS as of December 31, 2024), Card Member receivables and Other loans.
(a)
Percentage of reserve for credit losses on Card Member loans, Card Member receivables and Other loans to the total reserve.
Uninsured Customer Deposits
Our U.S. deposits are insured up to $250,000 per depositor, per ownership category through the FDIC. Our non-U.S. deposits are insured as per regulatory rules in the respective jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had total deposits of $139.4 billion and $129.1 billion, respectively, of which approximately $12.4 billion and $11.3 billion, respectively, were uninsured.
The following table presents the amount of uninsured time certificates of deposit issued by us in our U.S. and non-U.S. offices, further segregated by time remaining until maturity. For any account holder with aggregate deposits in excess of insured limits, the uninsured deposits are calculated proportionately as a percentage of total deposits for each category of deposits held as of the reporting date.
(a)
We offer deposits within our U.S. bank subsidiary, AENB. These funds are currently insured up to $250,000 per depositor, per ownership category through the FDIC.
(b)
Includes time deposits in certain of our Non-U.S. offices that exceed the insurance limit as defined by the regulatory rules in individual markets.
A-8