action, penalties and the possibility we will not be able to maintain our existing cobrand and agent relationships in the EU.
For more information on payments regulation, as well as the potential impacts on our results of operations and business, please see the “Supervision and Regulation” and “Risk Factors” sections of the 2024 Form 10-K.
Surcharging
In various countries, such as certain Member States in the EU, Australia and Canada (other than in the Province of Quebec), merchants are permitted by law to surcharge card purchases. In addition, the laws of a number of states in the United States that prohibit surcharging have been overturned and certain states have passed or are considering laws to permit surcharging by merchants. In jurisdictions allowing surcharging, we have seen an increase in merchant surcharging on American Express cards, particularly in certain merchant categories. Surcharging is an adverse customer experience and could have a material adverse effect on us, particularly where it only or disproportionately impacts credit card usage or card usage generally, our Card Members or our business. In addition, we also encounter steering or differential acceptance practices by merchants, which could also have a material adverse effect on us.
For more information on the potential impacts of surcharging and other actions that could impair the Card Member experience, please see the “Risk Factors” section of the 2024 Form 10-K.
Merchant Litigation
We continue to vigorously defend antitrust and other claims initiated by merchants. See Note 7 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” for descriptions of the cases. It is possible that actions impairing the Card Member experience, or the resolution of one or any combination of these merchant claims, could have a material adverse effect on our business. For more information on the potential impacts of an adverse decision in the merchant litigations on our business, please see the “Risk Factors” section of the 2024 Form 10-K.
Privacy, Data Protection, Data Management, Artificial Intelligence, Resiliency, Information Security and Cybersecurity
Regulatory and legislative activity in the areas of privacy, data protection, data management, artificial intelligence, resiliency, information security and cybersecurity continues to increase worldwide. We have established, and continue to maintain, policies and a governance framework to comply with applicable laws and requirements, meet evolving customer and industry expectations and support and enable business innovation and growth; however, our policies and governance framework may be insufficient given the size and complexity of our business and heightened regulatory scrutin
y.
Regulators and legislators have heightened their focus on the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning through the application of existing laws and regulations as well as by adopting new laws and regulations, which are reshaping how we develop, deploy and manage