over-year. Growth was impacted by the stronger U.S. dollar year-over-year, as well as one less day due to the leap year in 2024 which drove about a percentage point reduction on growth rates across segments and spend categories. Excluding these impacts, G&S spending grew at a faster pace than in 2024, and T&E spending growth was generally consistent with the levels seen through most of 2024. Within T&E, restaurants and lodging showed continued strong growth, while airline spend growth softened. U.S. Consumer Services billed business grew by 7 percent year-over-year, with continued strength in spending by Millennial and Gen-Z Card Members as our products continue to resonate with these cohorts. Commercial Services billed business grew by 2 percent on a year-over-year basis, reflecting continued modest growth from U.S. small and mid-sized enterprise (SME) Card Members. International Card Services billed business grew by 9 percent year-over-year (13 percent on an FX-adjusted basis), driven by continued strong growth in spend across all regions and customer types outside the United States.
1
Total revenues net of interest expense increased 7 percent year-over-year (8 percent on an FX-adjusted basis).
1
Growth in billed business drove a 4 percent increase in Discount revenue, our largest revenue line. Net card fees increased 18 percent year-over-year, reflecting high levels of new card acquisitions and Card Member retention, as well as our cycle of product refreshes. Growth in Net interest income continued to moderate and increased 11 percent versus the prior year, primarily reflecting growth in revolving loan balances.
Total Loans and Card Member receivables increased 7 percent year-over-year with growth continuing to moderate sequentially. Net write-off and delinquency rates were stable year-over-year and remain best-in-class, supported by our premium global customer base, our strong focus on risk management and disciplined growth strategy. Provisions for credit losses decreased, driven by a modest reserve release, partially offset by higher net write-offs. Our Reserves for credit losses reflect the quality of our premium customer base and the assumptions about the macroeconomic outlook available to us as of quarter-end.
Card Member rewards, Card Member services and Business development expenses, which are generally driven by volumes and usage, collectively grew faster than revenues as we continue to enhance our value propositions, drive Card Member engagement and acquire more Card Members on premium products. In addition, expense growth in this quarter was elevated due to a discrete benefit in the prior year from enhancements to U.S. Membership Rewards redemption models. Marketing expense was relatively flat year-over-year as we continued to invest at comparable levels to acquire high spending, high credit-quality customers. During the first quarter we acquired 3.4 million proprietary new cards. Operating expenses grew at a slower pace than