years
, beyond the balance sheet date. We make various judgments combined with historical loss experience to determine a reserve rate that is applied to the outstanding loan or receivable balance to produce a reserve for expected credit losses.
We use a combination of statistically-based models that incorporate current and future economic conditions throughout the R&S Period. The process of estimating expected credit losses is based on several key models: Probability of Default (PD), Exposure at Default (EAD), and future recoveries for each month of the R&S Period. Beyond the R&S Period, we estimate expected credit losses by immediately reverting to long-term average loss rates.
•
PD models are used to estimate the likelihood an account will be written-off.
•
EAD models are used to estimate the balance of an account at the time of write-off. This includes balances less expected repayments based on historical payment and revolve behavior, which vary by customer. Due to the nature of revolving loan portfolios, the EAD models are complex and involve assumptions regarding the relationship between future spend and payment behaviors.
•
Recovery models are used to estimate amounts that are expected to be received from Card Members after default occurs, typically as a result of collection efforts. Future recoveries are estimated taking into consideration the time of default, time elapsed since default and macroeconomic conditions.
We also estimate the likelihood and magnitude of recovery of previously written off accounts considering how long ago the account was written off and future economic conditions, even if such expected recoveries exceed expected losses. Our models are developed using historical loss experience covering the economic cycle and consider the impact of account characteristics on expected losses. This history includes the performance of loans and receivables modifications for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty, including their subsequent defaults.
Future economic conditions that are incorporated over the R&S Period include multiple macroeconomic scenarios provided to us by an independent third party. Management reviews these economic scenarios each period and assigns probability weights to each scenario, generally with a consistent initial distribution. At times, due to macroeconomic uncertainty and volatility, management may apply judgment and assign different probability weights to scenarios. These macroeconomic scenarios contain certain variables, including unemployment rates and real gross domestic product (GDP), that are significant to our models.
We also evaluate whether to include qualitative reserves to cover losses that are expected but, in our assessment, may not be adequately represented in the quantitative methods or the economic assumptions. We consider whether to adjust the quantitative reserves (higher or lower) to address possible limitations within the models or factors not included within the models, such as