of rewards points; we earn revenue from operating the loyalty platform and by providing marketing support.
Net card fees
— Represents the card membership fees earned during the period recognized as revenue over the covered card membership period (typically one year), net of the provision for projected refunds for Card Membership cancellation and deferred acquisition costs.
Net interest yield on average Card Member loans —
A non-GAAP measure that is computed by dividing adjusted net interest income by average Card Member loans, computed on an annualized basis. Reserves and net write-offs related to uncollectible interest are recorded through provision for credit losses and are thus not included in the net interest yield calculation.
Net write-off rate
—
principal only
— Represents the amount of proprietary consumer or small business Card Member loans or receivables written off, consisting of principal (resulting from authorized transactions), less recoveries, as a percentage of the average loan or receivable balance during the period.
Net write-off rate
—
principal, interest and fees
— Includes, in the calculation of the net write-off rate, amounts for interest and fees in addition to principal for Card Member loans, and fees in addition to principal for Card Member receivables.
Network volumes
— Represents total transaction volumes (including cash advances) on payment products issued by American Express and under network partnership agreements with banks and other institutions, including joint ventures, as well as alternative payment solutions facilitated by American Express.
Operating expenses
— Represents salaries and employee benefits, professional services, data processing and equipment, and other expenses.
Other loan
s — Represents balances on non-card payment and financing products that are not associated with a Card Member agreement, and instead are governed by a separate borrowing relationship. Other loans consist primarily of consumer installment loans and lines of credit offered to small business customers.
Proprietary new cards acquired
— Represents the number of new cards issued by American Express during the referenced period, net of replacement cards. Proprietary new cards acquired is useful as a measure of the effectiveness of our customer acquisition strategy.
Reserve build (release)
— Represents the portion of the provisions for credit losses for the period related to increasing or decreasing reserves for credit losses as a result of, among other things, changes in volumes, macroeconomic outlook, portfolio composition and credit quality of portfolios. Reserve build represents the amount by which the provision for credit losses exceeds net write-offs, while reserve release represents the amount by which net write-offs exceed the provision for credit losses.
T&E spend
— Represents spend on travel and entertainment, which primarily includes airline, cruise, lodging and dining merchant categories.
32
Table of Contents
CAUTIONARY NOTE