payments company, providing customers with access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. Our various products and services are offered globally to consumers, small businesses, mid-sized companies and large corporations through various channels, including mobile and online applications, affiliate marketing, customer referral programs, third-party service providers and business partners, in-house sales teams, direct mail, telephone and direct response advertising.
The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Form 10-K). If not materially different, certain note disclosures included therein have been omitted from these Consolidated Financial Statements.
The interim Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report have not been audited. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, which consist of normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the interim Consolidated Financial Statements, have been made. Results of operations reported for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire year.
The preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. These accounting estimates reflect the best judgment of management, but actual results could differ.
Certain reclassifications of prior period amounts have been made to conform to the current period presentation.
Business Events
On May 1, 2024, we completed the previously announced transaction to sell fraud prevention solutions provider Accertify, Inc. (Accertify), a wholly owned subsidiary we acquired in 2010, the operations of which were reported within the Global Merchant and Network Services (GMNS) segment. The transaction resulted in a gain of $
531
million ($
479
million after tax), which was reported as a reduction to Other expense in the second quarter of 2024. Prior to the completion of the transaction, the carrying amount of Accertify’s net assets were not material to our financial position.
Recently Issued Accounting Standards
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued updated accounting guidance on Disclosures for Income Taxes, effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The updated guidance requires additional disclosure and disaggregated information in the Income Tax Rate reconciliation using both percentages and reporting currency amounts, with additional qualitative explanations of individually significant reconciling items. The updated guidance also requires