Union (EU), the United States and other jurisdictions. Recently, certain states in the United States have passed or are considering laws prohibiting interchange from being charged on all or certain components of transactions, such as sales tax and gratuities. Jurisdictions have also sought to regulate various other aspects of network operations and contract terms and practices governing merchant card acceptance, including information associated with electronic transactions, such as state legislation regarding the use of specific merchant categories codes or limiting the use of transaction data.
28
Table of Contents
Regulation and other governmental actions relating to operations, pricing or practices could affect all networks and/or acquirers directly or indirectly, as well as adversely impact consumers and merchants. Among other things, regulation of bankcard fees has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, the discount revenue we earn, including as a result of downward pressure on our merchant discount rates from decreases in competitor pricing in connection with caps on interchange fees. In some cases, regulations also extend to certain aspects of our business, such as network and cobrand arrangements or the terms of card acceptance for merchants. For example, we exited our network business in the EU and Australia as a result of regulation in those jurisdictions. In addition, there is uncertainty as to when or how interchange fee caps and other provisions of the EU payments legislation might apply when we work with cobrand partners and agents in the EU. In 2018, the EU Court of Justice (CJEU) confirmed the validity of fee capping and other provisions in circumstances where three-party networks issue cards with a cobrand partner or through an agent, although its ruling provided only limited guidance as to when or how the provisions might apply in such circumstances and remains subject to differing interpretations by regulators and participants in cobrand arrangements. In December 2024, the CJEU held a hearing on questions referred by the Dutch Trade and Industry Appeals Tribunal regarding the interpretation of the application of the interchange fee caps in connection with an administrative proceeding by the Netherlands Authority for Consumers and Markets regarding our cobrand relationship with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines. As a precursor to the CJEU’s final ruling, an advisory opinion was issued by the Advocate General on March 6, 2025, advising the CJEU that our payments to the cobrand partner can be subject to the interchange fee caps but certain payments and services provided by the cobrand partner could potentially be netted against such payments for purposes of determining the capped amount. The advisory opinion is not binding on the CJEU and there can be no assurance as to the outcome of the proceeding. Given differing interpretations by regulators and participants in cobrand arrangements, we are subject to regulatory