than 90+ days past billing and the net write-off rate based on principal losses only are not available due to system constraints.
15
Table of Contents
International Card Services
Table 13: ICS Selected Income Statement Data
International Card Services (ICS) issues a wide range of proprietary consumer, small business and corporate cards outside the United States. ICS also provides services to our international customers, including travel and lifestyle services, and manages certain international joint ventures and our loyalty coalition business.
Total Revenues Net of Interest Expense
Non-interest revenues increased across all revenue categories, primarily driven by higher Discount revenue and Net card fees.
Discount revenue increased 7 percent (11 percent on an FX-adjusted basis), primarily reflecting an increase in billed business.
2
See Tables 5, 6 and 14 for more details on billed business performance.
Net card fees increased 16 percent (21 percent on an FX-adjusted basis), primarily driven by growth in our premium card portfolios.
2
Service fees and other revenue increased 5 percent (9 percent on an FX-adjusted basis), primarily driven by higher foreign exchange related revenues associated with Card Member cross-currency spending and higher loyalty coalition-related fees.
2
Interest income increased, primarily driven by growth in revolving loan balances, partially offset by lower interest rates.
Interest expense was relatively flat, reflecting a stable cost of funds due to lower interest rates, largely offset by segment net asset growth.
Provisions for Credit Losses
Card Member loans provision for credit losses increased, primarily due to a reserve build in the current period, versus a reserve release in the prior period, partially offset by lower net write-offs. The reserve build in the current period was primarily driven by an increase in loans outstanding and higher delinquencies. The reserve release in the prior period was driven by the performance of portfolios in certain international markets.
Card Member receivables provision for credit losses decreased, primarily due to lower net write-offs, partially offset by a higher reserve build in the current period. The reserve build in the current period was primarily driven by higher delinquencies.
2
Refer to footnote 1 on page 3 for details regarding foreign currency adjusted information.
16
Table of Contents
Expenses
Total expenses increased, primarily driven by higher Card Member rewards, Business development and Salaries and employee benefits and other expenses, partially offset by lower Marketing expense.
Card Member rewards expense increased, primarily driven by higher billed business.
Business development expense increased, primarily due to increased partner payments driven by higher billed business.
Card Member services expense increased, primarily due to growth in premium card accounts, contributing to a higher usage of travel-related benefits.
Marketing expense decreased, primarily