maintained our committed, revolving, secured borrowing facility, with a maturity date of July 15, 2026, which gives us the right to sell up to $3.0 billion face amount of eligible AAA notes from the American Express Issuance Trust II (the Charge Trust). We also maintained our committed, revolving, secured borrowing facility, with a maturity date of September 15, 2026, which gives us the right to sell up to $3.0 billion face amount of eligible AAA certificates from American Express Credit Account Master Trust (the Lending Trust). These facilities enhance our contingent funding resources and are also used in the ordinary course of business to fund working capital needs. As of March 31, 2025, no amounts were drawn on the Charge Trust facility or Lending Trust facility.
Committed Bank Credit Facility
As of March 31, 2025, we maintained a committed syndicated bank credit facility of $4.0 billion with a maturity date of October 30, 2026. This facility enhances our contingent funding resources and is also used in the ordinary course of business to fund working capital needs. As of March 31, 2025, $350 million was drawn on this facility.
Other Sources of Liquidity
In addition to cash and other liquid assets and the secured borrowing facilities and committed bank credit facility described above, as an insured depository institution, AENB may borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco through the discount window against the U.S. credit card loans and charge card receivables that it pledged.
As of March 31, 2025, AENB had available borrowing capacity of $75.5 billion based on the amount and collateral valuation of receivables that were pledged to the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. Whether specific assets will be considered qualifying collateral and the amount that may be borrowed against the collateral remain at the discretion of the Federal Reserve and can change from time to time. Due to regulatory restrictions, liquidity generated by AENB can generally be used only to fund obligations within AENB, and transfers to the parent company or non-bank affiliates may be subject to prior regulatory approval.
26
Table of Contents
Unused Credit Outstanding
As of March 31, 2025, we had approximately $483 billion of unused credit available to customers. Total unused credit does not represent potential future cash requirements, as a significant portion of this unused credit will likely not be drawn. Charge card products with no pre-set spending limits are not reflected in unused credit.
Cash Flows
The following table summarizes our cash flow activity, followed by a discussion of the major drivers impacting operating, investing and financing cash flows for the three months ended March 31:
Table 22: Cash Flows
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Our cash flows from operating activities primarily include net income adjusted for (i) non-cash items included in net income, such as provisions for credit losses, depreciation and amortization, stock-based