protection claims and their unjust enrichment claim. For the remaining state antitrust or consumer protection claims, the court certified classes for (i) holders of Visa and MasterCard debit cards in
eight
states and Washington, D.C.; and (ii) holders of Visa, MasterCard and Discover credit cards that do not offer rewards or charge an annual fee in
two
states and Washington, D.C. Trial is scheduled for July 2025.
On March 8, 2016, plaintiffs B&R Supermarket, Inc. d/b/a Milam’s Market and Grove Liquors LLC, on behalf of themselves and others, filed a suit, captioned
B&R Supermarket, Inc. d/b/a Milam’s Market, et al. v. Visa Inc., et al.
, for violations of the Sherman Antitrust Act, the Clayton Antitrust Act, California’s Cartwright Act and unjust enrichment in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, against American Express Company, other credit and charge card networks, other issuing banks and EMVCo, LLC. Plaintiffs allege that the defendants, through EMVCo, conspired to shift liability for fraudulent, faulty and otherwise rejected consumer credit card transactions from themselves to merchants after the implementation of EMV chip payment terminals. Plaintiffs seek damages and injunctive relief. On May 4, 2017, the California court transferred the case to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. On August 28, 2020, the court granted plaintiffs’ motion for class certification. On August 14, 2024, the court granted our motion to compel arbitration as to class members who are subject to our merchant agreements, but did not stay the claims pending arbitration. On November 15, 2024, we appealed to the Second Circuit requesting a stay of all claims against us that are subject to arbitration. On March 31, 2025, we reached an agreement in principle with the class representatives to settle this action, which is subject to negotiation of a complete stipulation of settlement and court approval.
57
Table of Contents
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
In 2006, Mawarid Investments Limited filed a request for confidential arbitration under the 1998 London Court of International Arbitration Rules in connection with certain claims arising under a shareholders agreement between Mawarid and American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. relating to a joint venture between the parties, Amex (Middle East) BSC(c) (AEME). In 2008, the tribunal rendered a partial award, including a direction that an audit should take place to verify whether acquirer discount revenue related to transactions occurring with airlines located in the Middle East region had been properly allocated to AEME since its inception in 1992. In September 2021, the tribunal rendered a further partial award regarding the location of transactions through non-physical channels. In May 2022, the tribunal further clarified the 2021 partial award and the discount rate that should apply to