same direction to the same degree, changes in the cost, volume and mix of our hedging activities and changes in the volume and mix of our businesses.
ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective and designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the requisite time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
70
Table of Contents
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
For information that updates the disclosures set forth under Part I, Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” in the 2024 Form 10-K, refer to Note 7 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” in this Form 10-Q.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
For a discussion of our risk factors, including risks and uncertainties related to business, economic and geopolitical conditions, see Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of the 2024 Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties that we face are not limited to those set forth in the 2024 Form 10-K. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business and the trading price of our securities.
71
Table of Contents
ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS
(c)  ISSUER PURCHASES OF SECURITIES
The table below sets forth the information with respect to purchases of our common stock made by or on behalf of us during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
(a)
On March 8, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 120 million common shares from time to time, subject to market conditions and in accordance with our capital plans. This authorization replaced the prior repurchase authorization. See “MD&A – Consolidated Capital Resources and Liquidity” for additional information regarding share repurchases.
(b)
Includes: (i) shares surrendered by