compensation, deferred taxes and other non-cash items and (ii) changes in the balances of operating assets and liabilities, which can vary significantly in the normal course of business due to the amount and timing of payments.
In both periods, the net cash provided by operating activities was driven by cash generated from net income for the period and higher net operating liabilities, primarily driven by higher book overdrafts due to timing differences arising in the ordinary course of business, partially offset by payments related to annual incentive compensation.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Our cash flows from investing activities primarily include changes in loans and Card Member receivables, as well as changes in our available-for-sale investment securities portfolio.
In 2025, the net cash provided by investing activities was primarily driven by lower Card Member receivables outstanding, partially offset by higher loans outstanding.
In 2024, the net cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by higher loans and Card Member receivables outstanding.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Our cash flows from financing activities primarily include changes in customer deposits, long-term debt and short-term borrowings, as well as dividend payments and share repurchases.
In both periods, the net cash provided by financing activities was primarily driven by growth in customer deposits and net proceeds from long-term debt, partially offset by share repurchases and dividend payments.
27
Table of Contents
OTHER MATTERS
Certain Legislative, Regulatory and Other Developments
Supervision & Regulation
We are subject to evolving and extensive government regulation and supervision in jurisdictions around the world, and the costs of ongoing compliance are substantial. The financial services industry is subject to rigorous scrutiny, high regulatory expectations, a range of regulations and a stringent and unpredictable enforcement environment.
Governmental authorities have focused, and we believe will continue to focus, considerable attention on reviewing compliance by financial services firms and payment systems with laws and regulations, and as a result, we continually work to evolve and improve our risk management framework, governance structures, practices and procedures. Reviews by us and governmental authorities to assess compliance with laws and regulations, as well as our own internal reviews to assess compliance with internal policies, including errors or misconduct by colleagues or third parties or control failures, have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, changes to our products, practices and procedures, restitution to our customers and increased costs related to regulatory oversight, supervision and examination. We have also been subject to regulatory actions and may continue to be the subject of such actions, including governmental inquiries, investigations, enforcement proceedings and the imposition of fines