NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
Changes in Card Member Receivables Reserve for Credit Losses
Card Member receivables reserve for credit losses decreased for both the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, primarily driven by decreases in receivables outstanding.
The following table presents changes in the Card Member receivables reserve for credit losses for the three months ended March 31:
Table 3.3: Changes in Card Member Receivables Reserve for Credit Losses
(a)
Provisions for principal and fee reserve components. Provisions for credit losses includes reserve build (release) and replenishment for net write-offs.
(b)
Net write-offs are presented less recoveries of $
73
million and $
76
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
(c)
Primarily includes foreign currency translation adjustments.
Changes in Other Loans Reserve for Credit Losses
Other loans reserve for credit losses increased for both the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, primarily reflecting increases in other loans outstanding as we continue to grow our Personal Loans and Business Line of Credit offerings.
The following table presents changes in the Other loans reserve for credit losses for the three months ended March 31:
Table 3.4: Changes in Other Loans Reserve for Credit Losses
(a)
Provisions for principal, interest and fee reserve components. Provisions for credit losses includes reserve build (release) and replenishment for net write-offs.
(b)
Principal write-offs are presented less recoveries of $
7
million and $
4
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Recoveries of interest and fees were not significant.
52
Table of Contents
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
4.
Investment Securities
Investment securities principally include available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities carried at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Unrealized losses attributable to credit deterioration are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other loans Provision for credit losses. Unrealized gains and any portion of a security’s unrealized loss attributable to non-credit losses are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, net of tax.
We had accrued interest on our AFS debt securities totaling $
3
million as of both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 presented as Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Investment securities also include equity securities carried at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with unrealized gains and losses recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income as Other, net expense.
Realized gains and losses are recognized upon disposition of the securities using the specific identification method and recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income as Other, net expense.
The following is a summary of investment securities as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024: