revenue, reflecting continued operating expense discipline. We remain focused on driving marketing and operating expense efficiencies over time.
During the first quarter, we maintained our CET1 capital ratio within our target range of 10 to 11 percent and returned $1.3 billion of capital to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and common stock dividends. We plan to continue to return to shareholders the excess capital we generate while managing our CET1 capital ratio within our target range and supporting balance sheet growth. Our robust capital, funding and liquidity positions provide us with significant flexibility to maintain a strong balance sheet.
While our results in the first quarter were strong, we recognize the uncertainty of the macroeconomic environment and we cannot predict what impacts the current uncertainty or any developments will have on the economy and our customers. We believe our differentiated business model, which includes our global premium customer base, spend- and fee-centric revenue mix and operating expense leverage, is resilient and positions us well to navigate a range of economic environments. We continue to manage the company for the long term, focusing on backing our customers and colleagues, exercising disciplined expense management and strategically investing in our business.
See “Certain Legislative, Regulatory and Other Developments” for information on legislative and regulatory changes that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” for information on potential impacts of macroeconomic, geopolitical and competitive conditions and certain litigation and regulatory matters on our business.
1
The foreign currency adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of currency conversion into U.S. dollars (i.e., assumes the foreign exchange rates used to determine results for the current period apply to the corresponding prior year period against which such results are being compared). FX-adjusted revenues is a non-GAAP measure. We believe the presentation of information on a foreign currency adjusted basis is helpful to investors by making it easier to compare our performance in one period to that of another period without the variability caused by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
3
Table of Contents
Results of Operations
The discussions in both “Consolidated Results of Operations” and “Business Segment Results of Operations” provide commentary on the variances for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in the prior year, as presented in the accompanying tables.
Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, we made a presentation change to our Consolidated Statements of Income to consolidate Processed revenue within Service fees and other revenue and renamed Processed revenue to Network partnership