special-purpose entity created for the securitization activity, typically a trust. The trust, in turn, issues securities, commonly referred to as asset-backed securities that are secured by the transferred loans and receivables. The trust uses the proceeds from the sale of such securities to pay the purchase price for the transferred loans or receivables. The securitized loans and receivables of our Lending Trust and Charge Trust (collectively, the Trusts) are reported as assets and the securities issued by the Trusts are reported as liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Billed business
(Card Member spending) — Represents transaction volumes (including cash advances) on payment products issued by American Express.
Capital ratios
— Represents the minimum standards established by regulatory agencies as a measure to determine whether the regulated entity has sufficient capital to absorb on- and off-balance sheet losses beyond current loss accrual estimates. Refer to the Capital Strategy section under “Consolidated Capital Resources and Liquidity” for further related definitions under Basel III.
Card Member
— The individual holder of an issued American Express-branded card.
Card Member loans
— Represents balances on our credit card products and revolve-eligible balances on our charge card products.
Card Member receivables
— Represents balances on our charge card products that need to be paid in full on or before the Card Member’s payment due date.
Cards-in-force
— Represents the number of cards that are issued and outstanding by American Express (proprietary cards-in-force) and cards issued and outstanding under network partnership agreements with banks and other institutions, except for retail cobrand cards issued by network partners that had no out-of-store spending activity during the prior twelve months.
Basic cards-in-force
excludes supplemental cards issued on consumer accounts. Cards-in-force is useful in understanding the size of our Card Member base.
Charge cards
— Represents cards that generally carry no pre-set spending limits and are primarily designed as a method of payment and not as a means of financing purchases. Each transaction on a charge card with no pre-set spending limit is authorized based on its likely economics reflecting a Card Member’s most recent credit information and spend patterns. Charge Card Members must pay the full amount of balances billed each month, with the exception of balances that can be revolved under lending features offered on certain charge cards, such as Pay Over Time and Plan It
®
, that allow Card Members to pay for eligible purchases with interest over time.
Cobrand cards
— Represents cards issued under cobrand agreements with selected commercial partners. Pursuant to the cobrand agreements, we make payments to our cobrand partners, which can be significant, based primarily on the amount of Card Member spending and corresponding rewards earned on such spending and, under certain