overnight financing rate (SOFR).
23
Table of Contents
Our equity capital and funding strategies are designed, among other things, to maintain appropriate and stable unsecured debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies: Moody’s Investor Services (Moody’s), Standard & Poor’s (S&P) and Fitch Ratings (Fitch). Such ratings help support our access to cost-effective unsecured funding as part of our overall funding strategy. Our asset securitization activities are rated separately.
Table 20: Unsecured Debt Ratings
These ratings are not a recommendation to buy or hold any of our securities and they may be revised or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of the rating organization.
Downgrades in the ratings of our unsecured debt or asset securitization program securities could result in higher funding costs, as well as higher fees related to borrowings under our unused credit facilities. Declines in credit ratings could also reduce our borrowing capacity in the unsecured debt and asset securitization capital markets. We believe our funding mix, including the proportion of U.S. direct deposits insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) to total funding, should reduce the impact that credit rating downgrades would have on our funding capacity and costs.
24
Table of Contents
Deposit Programs
We offer deposits within our U.S. bank subsidiary, AENB. These funds are currently insured up to an amount that is at least $250,000 per depositor, per ownership category through the FDIC
; as of March 31, 2025,
approximately 92 percent of these deposits were insured.
Our ability to ob
tain deposit funding and offer competitive interest rates is dependent on, among other factors, the capital level of AENB. The direct deposit program offered by AENB is our primary deposit product channel, which makes FDIC-insured high-yield savings account, certificates of deposit (CDs), business checking and consumer rewards checking account products avail
able directly to customers. As of March 31, 2025,
our direct deposit program had approximately 3.5 million accounts. AENB also sources deposits through third-party distribution channels as needed to meet our overall funding objectives. CDs carry stated maturities while high-yield savings account, checking account and third-party sweep deposit products do not. We manage the duration of our maturing obligations, including CDs, to reduce concentration and refinancing risk.
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we had $146.4 billion and $139.4 billion, respectively, in deposits. Refer to Note 6 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” for a further description of these deposits and scheduled maturities of certificates of deposits.
The following table sets forth the average interest rates we paid on different types of deposits during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. The change in the average interest rate we paid on our interest-bearing deposits compared to the prior year was primarily due