90 days of the Card Member’s billing statement date. In addition, if we initiate collection procedures on an account prior to the account becoming 90 days past billing, the associated Card Member loan or receivable balance is classified as 90 days past billing. These amounts are shown above as 90+ Days Past Due for presentation purposes. See also (b).
(b)
Delinquency data for periods other than 90+ days past billing has not historically been available due to system constraints. Therefore, such data has not been a material input for risk management purposes. The balances that are current to 89 days past billing can be derived as the difference between the Total and the 90+ Days Past Due balances.
(c)
Our policy is generally to accrue interest through the date of write-off (typically
180
days past due). We establish reserves for interest that we believe will not be collected.
(d)
Non-accrual loans primarily include certain loans placed with outside collection agencies for which we have ceased accruing interest.
44
Table of Contents
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
Other Loans Aging and Gross Write-Offs by Origination Year
Generally, a customer loan is considered past due if payment due is not received within
30
days after the payment due date.
The following tables present the aging and gross write-offs for other loans by year of origination as of or for the three months ended March 31, 2025, and as of or for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024:
Table 2.4: Other Loans Aging and Gross Write-Offs by Origination Year
(a)
Revolving loans consist primarily of lines of credit offered to small business customers.
(b)
Over 90 days past due includes $
6
million as of both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 of loans on which interest is still accruing. Our policy is generally to accrue interest through the date of write-off (typically 120 days past due) except for lines of credit offered to small business customers, where interest ceases to accrue at 90 days past due. We establish reserves for interest that we believe will not be collected.
(c)
This total includes non-accrual loans of $
17
million and $
19
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Non-accruals for consumer installment loans primarily include certain loans placed with outside collection agencies for which we have ceased accruing interest.
45
Table of Contents
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
Credit Quality Indicators for Loans and Card Member Receivables
The following table presents the key credit quality indicators as of or for the three months ended March 31:
Table 2.5: Credit Quality Indicators for Loans and Card Member Receivables
(a)
We present a net write-off rate based on principal losses only (i.e., excluding interest and/or fees) to be consistent with industry convention. In addition, as our practice is to include uncollectible interest and/or fees as part of