to the impact of lower market interest rates offered for savings deposits.
Table 21: Average Interest Rates Paid on Deposits
(a)
Average interest rate reflects interest expense divided by average deposits, computed on an annualized basis.
25
Table of Contents
Liquidity Management
Our liquidity objective is to maintain access to a diverse set of on- and off-balance sheet liquidity sources. We seek to maintain liquidity sources in amounts sufficient to meet our expected future financial obligations and business requirements for liquidity for a period of at least twelve months under a variety of adverse circumstances. These include, but are not limited to, an event where we are unable to raise new funds under our regular funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions.
Our liquidity management strategy includes a number of elements, including, but not limited to:
•
Maintaining diversified funding sources (refer to “Funding Strategy” above for more details);
•
Maintaining unencumbered liquid assets and off-balance sheet liquidity sources;
•
Projecting cash inflows and outflows under a variety of economic and market scenarios; and
•
Establishing clear objectives for liquidity risk management, including compliance with regulatory requirements.
We seek to maintain access to a diverse set of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet liquidity sources, including cash and other liquid assets, secured borrowing facilities and a committed bank credit facility. Through our U.S. bank subsidiary, AENB, we have also pledged collateral eligible for use at the Federal Reserve’s discount window.
The amount and type of liquidity resources we maintain can vary over time, based upon the results of stress scenarios required under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as additional stress scenarios required under our liquidity risk policy. Additionally, we are subject to the regulatory requirements under the liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio rules, subject to applicable transition periods. See the “Supervision and Regulation — Capital and Liquidity Regulation” section of the 2024 Form 10-K for more information. We believe that we currently maintain sufficient liquidity to meet all internal and regulatory liquidity requirements.
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we had $52.5 billion and $40.6 billion in Cash and cash equivalents, respectively. Refer to the “Cash Flows” section below for a discussion of the major drivers impacting cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2025. Depending on the interest rate environment, our funding composition and the amount of liquidity resources we maintain, the level of future net interest income or expense associated with our liquidity resources will vary. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, interest income exceeded the interest expense associated with the liquidity portfolio.
Securitized Borrowing Capacity
As of March 31, 2025, we