due to management decisions regarding the timing of spend on customer acquisitions and engagement campaigns for the full year.
Salaries and employee benefits and other expenses increased, primarily due to higher allocated service costs and compensation costs, partially offset by a non-income tax reimbursement.
17
Table of Contents
Table 14: ICS Selected Statistical Information
(a)
Refer to Table 7 footnote (a).
(b)
Refer to Table 8 footnote (a).
(c)
Refer to Table 8 footnote (b).
(d)
Refer to Table 8 footnote (c).
(e)
For corporate receivables, delinquency data is tracked based on days past billing status rather than days past due. A Card Member account is considered 90 days past billing if payment has not been received within 90 days of the Card Member’s billing statement date. In addition, if we initiate collection procedures on an account prior to the account becoming 90 days past billing, the associated Card Member receivable balance is classified as 90 days past billing. Corporate receivables delinquency data for periods other than 90+ days past billing and the net write-off rate based on principal losses only are not available due to system constraints.
18
Table of Contents
Global Merchant and Network Services
Table 15: GMNS Selected Income Statement and Other Data
Global Merchant and Network Services (GMNS) operates a global payments network that processes and settles card transactions, acquires merchants and provides multi-channel marketing programs and capabilities, services and data analytics, leveraging our global integrated network. GMNS manages our partnership relationships with third-party card issuers, merchant acquirers and a prepaid reloadable and gift card program manager, licensing the American Express brand and extending the reach of the global network.
Total Revenues Net of Interest Expense
Non-interest revenues increased, primarily driven by higher Discount revenue, partially offset by lower Service fees and other revenue.
Discount revenue increased 2 percent, primarily driven by an increase in billed business, partially offset by lower average merchant discount rates. See Tables 5 and 6 for more details on billed business performance.
Service fees and other revenue decreased, primarily driven by Accertify revenues included in the prior year, partially offset by increases in network partnership revenues and foreign exchange related revenues associated with Card Member cross-currency spending.
GMNS receives an interest expense credit relating to internal transfer pricing due to its merchant payables. Net interest income decreased, primarily due to a lower interest expense credit, largely driven by a decrease in interest rates in international markets and lower average merchant payables.
Expenses
Total expenses decreased, primarily driven by lower Salaries and employee benefits and other expenses, partially offset by higher Business development and Marketing expenses.
Business development expense increased, primarily due to