current knowledge, and taking into consideration our litigation-related liabilities, we do not believe we are a party to, nor are any of our properties the subject of, any legal proceeding that would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or liquidity. However, in light of the uncertainties involved in such matters, including the fact that some pending legal proceedings are at preliminary stages or seek an indeterminate amount of damages, penalties or fines, it is possible that the outcome of legal proceedings could have a material impact on our results of operations. Certain legal proceedings involving us or our subsidiaries are described below.
On September 30, 2024, we were named as a defendant in a case filed in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts, captioned
Pizza Hazel, Inc., et al. v. American Express Co., et al.,
in which plaintiffs allege that the anti-steering and non-discrimination provisions in our merchant agreements violate federal antitrust law and that the arbitration provision in our merchant agreements violates federal antitrust law to the extent it prevents antitrust challenges to our anti-steering and non-discrimination provisions. Plaintiffs seek, on behalf of themselves and a class of merchants that accept through the OptBlue Program, unspecified damages and an injunction prohibiting us from enforcing our anti-steering and non-discrimination provisions and prohibiting us from enforcing our arbitration provision to the extent the arbitration provision prevents antitrust challenges to our anti-steering and non-discrimination provisions.
On March 21, 2024, we were named as a defendant in a case filed in the United States District Court for the District of Rhode Island, captioned
5-Star General Store aka Bento LLC, et al. v. American Express Co., et al.
, in which plaintiffs allege that the anti-steering and non-discrimination provisions in our merchant agreements violate federal antitrust law and seek, on behalf of themselves and a class of merchants, an injunction prohibiting us from enforcing our anti-steering and non-discrimination provisions and a declaration that we have violated antitrust laws.
On January 29, 2019, we were named in a putative class action brought in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, captioned
Anthony Oliver, et al. v. American Express Company and American Express Travel Related Services Company Inc.
, in which the plaintiffs are holders of MasterCard, Visa and/or Discover credit and/or debit cards (but not American Express cards) and allege they paid higher prices as a result of the anti-steering and non-discrimination provisions in our merchant agreements in violation of federal antitrust law and the antitrust and consumer laws of various states. Plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and other forms of relief. The court dismissed plaintiffs’ federal antitrust claim, numerous state antitrust and consumer