commissions and fees from our Amex Travel business.
Interest income increased, primarily driven by growth in revolving loan balances.
Interest expense increased, primarily driven by a higher cost of funds due to segment net asset growth, partially offset by lower interest rates.
Provisions for Credit Losses
Card Member loans provision for credit losses decreased, primarily due to a lower reserve build in the current period, partially offset by higher net write-offs. The reserve build in the current period was primarily driven by an increase in loans outstanding. The reserve build in the prior period was primarily driven by higher delinquencies and an increase in loans outstanding.
Card Member receivables provision for credit losses decreased, primarily due to lower net write-offs and a higher reserve release in the current period. The reserve releases in both the current and prior periods reflected the quality of our receivables portfolio.
Other provision for credit losses increased, primarily due to a higher reserve build in the current period and higher net write-offs. The reserve builds in both the current and prior periods primarily reflect increases in other loans outstanding as we continue to grow our Business Line of Credit offerings.
13
Table of Contents
Expenses
Total expenses increased, primarily driven by higher Card Member rewards and Salaries and employee benefits and other expenses.
Card Member rewards expense increased, primarily driven by the above-mentioned benefit from enhancements to the U.S. URR models made in the prior year, as well as higher redemption costs reflecting a shift in the mix of Card Member redemptions.
Business development expense increased, primarily due to higher client incentives and increased partner payments driven by higher billed business.
Card Member services expense increased, primarily due to growth in premium card accounts, contributing to a higher usage of travel-related benefits.
Marketing expense increased, reflecting higher levels of spending on customer acquisitions and other growth initiatives.
Salaries and employee benefits and other expenses increased, primarily due to higher compensation costs and an increase in allocated service costs.
14
Table of Contents
Table 12: CS Selected Statistical Information
(a)
Refer to Table 7 footnote (a).
(b)
Refer to Table 8 footnote (a).
(c)
Refer to Table 8 footnote (b).
(d)
Refer to Table 8 footnote (c).
(e)
Refer to Table 8 footnote (d).
(f)
For corporate receivables, delinquency data is tracked based on days past billing status rather than days past due. A Card Member account is considered 90 days past billing if payment has not been received within 90 days of the Card Member’s billing statement date. In addition, if we initiate collection procedures on an account prior to the account becoming 90 days past billing, the associated Card Member receivable balance is classified as 90 days past billing. Corporate receivables delinquency data for periods other