benefit in the prior year from enhancements to the models that estimate future redemptions of Membership Reward points by U.S. Card Members, as well as higher billed business and an increase in redemption costs reflecting a shift in the mix of Card Member redemptions. The increase in cobrand rewards expense was primarily driven by higher billed business.
The Membership Rewards Ultimate Redemption Rate (URR) for current program participants was 96 percent (rounded down) at both March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Business development expense increased, primarily due to increased partner payments driven by higher network volumes and higher client incentives.
Card Member services expense increased, primarily due to growth in premium card accounts, contributing to a higher usage of travel-related benefits.
Marketing expense was relatively flat, reflecting consistent levels of spending on customer acquisition and other growth initiatives.
Salaries and employee benefits expense increased, primarily driven by higher compensation costs, largely offset by a decrease in the value of deferred compensation liabilities.
Other expenses increased, primarily driven by higher professional service costs, losses on Amex Ventures investments and higher data processing costs, partially offset by higher net foreign exchange-related gains.
6
Table of Contents
Income Taxes
The effective tax rate was 22.4 percent and 22.5 percent for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Table 5: Selected Card-Related Statistical Information
(a)
Average fee per card is computed on an annualized basis based on proprietary Net card fees divided by average proprietary total cards-in-force.
Table 6: Network Volumes-Related Statistical Information
(a)
The foreign currency adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of conversion into U.S. dollars (i.e., assumes the foreign exchange rates used to determine results for the current period apply to the corresponding prior year period against which such results are being compared).
7
Table of Contents
Table 7: Selected Credit-Related Statistical Information
(a)
We present a net write-off rate based on principal losses only (i.e., excluding interest and/or fees) to be consistent with industry convention. In addition, as our practice is to include uncollectible interest and/or fees as part of our total provision for credit losses, a net write-off rate including principal, interest and/or fees is also presented.
(b)
A net write-off rate based on principal losses only is not available for corporate receivables due to system constraints.
(c)
For corporate receivables, delinquency data is tracked based on days past billing status rather than days past due. Refer to Table 12 for 90+ days past billing metrics for corporate receivables.
(d)
Other includes foreign currency translation adjustments.
8
Table of Contents
Table 8: Net Interest Yield on Average Card Member Loans
(a)
Primarily