us in the second quarter of 2025 of the SCB that will be effective October 1, 2025 to September 30, 2026, subject to final confirmation.
Dividends and Share Repurchases
We return capital to common shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. The share repurchases reduce common shares outstanding and generally more than offset the issuance of new shares as part of employee compensation plans.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we returned $1.3 billion to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases of $0.7 billion and common stock dividends of $0.6 billion. We repurchased 2.3 million common shares at an average price of $297.37 in the first quarter of 2025.
In addition, during the three months ended March 31, 2025, we paid $14 million in dividends on non-cumulative perpetual preferred shares outstanding.
Funding Strategy
Our principal funding objective is to maintain broad and well-diversified funding sources to allow us to finance our global businesses and to maintain a strong liquidity profile. Our funding strategy and activities are integrated into our asset-liability management activities. We have in place a funding policy covering American Express Company and all of our subsidiaries
.
We aim to satisfy our financing needs with a diverse set of funding sources. The diversity of funding sources by type of instrument, by tenor and by investor base, among other factors, mitigates the impact of disruptions in any one type of instrument, tenor or investor. We seek to achieve diversity and cost efficiency in our funding sources by maintaining scale and market relevance in deposits, unsecured debt and asset securitizations and access to secured borrowing facilities and a committed bank credit facility. In particular, we are focused on continuing to grow our direct deposit program as a funding source.
22
Table of Contents
Summary of Consolidated Debt
We had the following customer deposits and consolidated debt outstanding as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:
Table 18: Summary of Customer Deposits and Consolidated Debt
We may redeem from time to time certain debt securities prior to the original contractual maturity dates in accordance with the optional redemption provisions of those debt securities.
Our funding needs are driven by, among other factors, maturing obligations, our liquidity position and the pace of growth in our loans and receivables balances. Actual funding activities can vary due to various factors, such as future business growth, the impact of global economic, political and other events on market capacity and funding needs, demand for securities offered by us, regulatory changes, ability to securitize and sell loans and receivables, and the performance of loans and receivables previously sold in securitization transactions. Many of these factors are beyond our control.
The following table presents our debt issuances for the three months ended March 31, 2025:
Table 19: Debt Issuances
(a)
Secured