represents interest expense attributable to maintaining our corporate liquidity pool and funding Card Member receivables.
(b)
Primarily represents interest income attributable to Other loans, interest-bearing deposits and the fixed income investment portfolios.
(c)
Adjusted net interest income and net interest yield on average Card Member loans are non-GAAP measures. Refer to “Glossary of Selected Terminology” for the definitions of these terms. We believe adjusted net interest income is useful to investors because it represents the interest expense and interest income attributable to our Card Member loan portfolio and is a component of net interest yield on average Card Member loans, which provides a measure of profitability of our Card Member loan portfolio. Net interest yield on average Card Member loans reflects adjusted net interest income divided by average Card Member loans, computed on an annualized basis. Net interest income divided by average Card Member loans, computed on an annualized basis, a GAAP measure, includes elements of total interest income and total interest expense that are not attributable to the Card Member loan portfolio, and thus is not representative of net interest yield on average Card Member loans.
(d)
For purposes of the calculation of net interest yield on Card Member loans, average loans includes loans held for sale (HFS) as we continue to recognize interest income on these loans until they are sold.
9
Table of Contents
Business Segment Results of Operations
U.S. Consumer Services
Table 9: USCS Selected Income Statement Data
U.S. Consumer Services (USCS) issues a wide range of proprietary consumer cards and provides services to U.S. consumers, including travel and lifestyle services as well as banking and non-card financing products. USCS also manages our dining platform that provides digital tools for restaurants and reservation bookings for diners.
Total Revenues Net of Interest Expense
Non-interest revenues increased across all revenue categories, primarily driven by higher Net card fees and Discount revenue.
Discount revenue increased 6 percent, primarily driven by an increase in U.S. consumer billed business. See Tables 5, 6 and 10 for more details on billed business performance.
Net card fees increased 21 percent, primarily driven by growth in our premium card portfolios.
Service fees and other revenue increased 11 percent, primarily driven by a discrete revenue adjustment in the current period related to certain cash advance fees from prior years, partially offset by lower revenue from the sale of reward points.
Interest income increased, primarily driven by growth in revolving loan balances, partially offset by lower interest rates.
Interest expense increased, primarily driven by a higher cost of funds due to segment net asset growth, largely offset by lower interest rates.
Provisions for Credit Losses
Card Member loans provision for credit losses decreased, primarily due to a reserve release in the