holders of employee stock options who exercised options (granted under our incentive compensation plans) in satisfaction of the exercise price and/or tax withholding obligation of such holders and (ii) restricted shares withheld (under the terms of grants under our incentive compensation plans) to offset tax withholding obligations that occur upon vesting and release of restricted shares. Our incentive compensation plans provide that the value of the shares delivered or attested to, or withheld, be based on the price of our common stock on the date the relevant transaction occurs.
(c)
The average price paid per share does not reflect costs and taxes associated with the purchase of shares.
(d)
Share purchases under publicly announced programs are made pursuant to open market purchases, plans intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act, privately negotiated transactions or other purchases, including block trades, accelerated share repurchase programs or any combination of such methods as market conditions warrant and at prices we deem appropriate.
72
Table of Contents
ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION
Director Departure
On April 17, 2025, Walter J. Clayton III notified us of his decision to resign from the Board of Directors, effective April 21, 2025, to join the Department of Justice. Mr. Clayton’s decision to resign was not the result of any disagreement with management or the Board. Mr. Clayton has served as a director since 2022.
Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act)
adopted
or
terminated
any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K.
73
Table of Contents
ITEM 6. EXHIBITS
The following exhibits are filed as part of this Quarterly Report:
74
Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
75