other companies.
Bank Holding Company
American Express is a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve) is our primary federal regulator. As such, we are subject to the Federal Reserve’s regulations, policies and minimum capital standards. We are also subject to evolving and extensive government regulation and supervision in jurisdictions around the world.
1
Table of Contents
Table 1: Summary of Financial Performance
(a)
The foreign currency adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of currency conversion into U.S. dollars (i.e., assumes the foreign exchange rates used to determine results for the current period apply to the corresponding prior year period against which such results are being compared). FX-adjusted Total revenues net of interest expense and Total loans and Card Member receivables are non-GAAP measures. We believe the presentation of information on a foreign currency adjusted basis is helpful to investors by making it easier to compare our performance in one period to that of another period without the variability caused by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
(b)
Represents net income, less (i) earnings allocated to participating share awards of $18 million for both the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, and (ii) dividends on preferred shares of $14 million for both the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
(c)
Total loans reflects Card Member loans and Other loans.
(d)
Our common stock trades principally on The New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol AXP.
(e)
We present a net write-off rate based on principal losses only (i.e., excluding interest and/or fees) to be consistent with industry convention. In addition, as our practice is to include uncollectible interest and/or fees as part of our total provision for credit losses, a net write-off rate including principal, interest and/or fees is also presented.
(f)
A net write-off rate based on principal losses only is not available for corporate receivables due to system constraints.
(g)
For corporate receivables, delinquency data is tracked based on days past billing status rather than days past due. Refer to Table 12 for 90+ days past billing metrics for corporate receivables.
(h)
Return on average equity (ROE) is calculated by dividing (i) annualized net income for the period by (ii) average shareholders’ equity for the period.
2
Table of Contents
Business Performance
Our first quarter results reflect the continued strong performance of our premium customer base as demonstrated by Card Member spending, customer retention, demand for our premium products and credit performance. Net income for the first quarter was $2.6 billion, or $3.64 per share, compared with net income of $2.4 billion, or $3.33 per share, a year ago.
Billed business continued to grow at a solid pace, increasing 6 percent year-