or civil money penalties, in the event of noncompliance or alleged noncompliance with laws or regulations. For example, as previously disclosed, we have identified certain issues related to our rewards and benefits programs
and have taken actions to remediate the issues and enhance our related procedures and controls.
Please see the “Supervision and Regulation” and “Risk Factors” sections of the 2024 Form 10-K for further information.
Enhanced Prudential Standards
We are subject to the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies’ rules that tailor the application of enhanced prudential standards to bank holding companies and depository institutions with $100 billion or more in total consolidated assets. Under these rules, American Express Company became a Category III firm in the third quarter of 2024. Category III firms are subject to heightened capital, liquidity and prudential requirements, single-counterparty credit limits and additional stress tests, which in some cases are subject to a transition period. Please see the “Supervision and Regulation” and “Risk Factors” sections of the 2024 Form 10-K for further information.
Consumer Financial Products Regulation
Our consumer-oriented activities are subject to regulation and supervision in the United States and internationally. In the United States, our marketing, sale and servicing of consumer financial products and our compliance with certain federal consumer financial laws are supervised and examined by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), which has broad rulemaking and enforcement authority over providers of credit, savings and payment services and products and authority to prevent “unfair, deceptive or abusive” acts or practices. In addition, a number of U.S. states and international jurisdictions have significant consumer protection, suitability and other laws (in certain cases more stringent than U.S. federal laws). U.S. federal law also regulates abusive debt collection practices, which, along with bankruptcy and debtor relief laws, can affect our ability to collect amounts owed to us or subject us to regulatory scrutiny.
For more information on consumer financial products regulation, as well as the potential impacts on our results of operations and business, please see the “Supervision and Regulation” and “Risk Factors” sections of the 2024 Form 10-K.
Payments Regulation
Legislators and regulators in various countries in which we operate have focused on the operation of card networks, including through enforcement actions, legislation and regulations to change certain practices or pricing of card issuers, merchant acquirers and payment networks, and, in some cases, to establish broad regulatory regimes for payment systems.
Pricing for card acceptance, including interchange fees (that is, the fee paid by the bankcard merchant acquirer to the card issuer in payment networks like Visa and Mastercard), has been a focus of legislators and regulators in Australia, Canada, the European