Table 4.1: Investment Securities
(a)
Represents mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae.
(b)
Represents investments in debt securities issued by Community Development Financial Institutions.
(c)
Equity securities comprise investments in common stock and mutual funds.
53
Table of Contents
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
The following table provides information about our AFS debt securities with gross unrealized losses and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:
Table 4.2: AFS Debt Securities with Gross Unrealized Losses by Duration
The gross unrealized losses on our AFS debt securities are primarily attributable to an increase in the current benchmark interest rate. Overall, for the AFS debt securities in gross unrealized loss positions, (i) we do not intend to sell the securities, (ii) it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell the securities before recovery of the unrealized losses, and (iii) we expect that the contractual principal and interest will be received on the securities. We concluded that there was no credit loss attributable to the securities in an unrealized loss position for the periods presented.
The following table summarizes the gross unrealized losses for AFS debt securities by ratio of fair value to amortized cost as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:
Table 4.3: AFS Gross Unrealized Losses by Ratio of Fair Value to Amortized Cost
Contractual maturities for AFS debt securities with stated maturities as of March 31, 2025 were as follows:
Table 4.4: Contractual Maturities of AFS Debt Securities
The expected payments on state and municipal obligations, U.S. Government agency obligations and mortgage-backed securities may not coincide with their contractual maturities because the issuers have the right to call or prepay certain obligations.
54
Table of Contents
AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
5.
Asset Securitizations
We periodically securitize Card Member loans and receivables arising from our card businesses through the transfer of those assets to securitization trusts, American Express Credit Account Master Trust (the Lending Trust) and American Express Issuance Trust II (the Charge Trust and together with the Lending Trust, the Trusts). The Trusts then issue debt securities collateralized by the transferred assets to third-party investors.
The Trusts are considered VIEs as they have insufficient equity at risk to finance their activities, which are to issue debt securities that are collateralized by the underlying Card Member loans and receivables. We perform the servicing and key decision making for the Trusts, and therefore have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the Trusts’ economic performance, which are the collection of the underlying