decommissioning activities to be performed in the future, that are not reasonably estimable due to insufficient information about the timing and method of settlement of the obligation. Accordingly, these obligations have not been recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements. A liability for these obligations will be recorded in the period when sufficient information regarding timing and method of settlement becomes available to make a reasonable estimate of the liability’s fair value. In addition, there may be conditional asset retirement obligations that we have not yet discovered (e.g. asbestos may exist in certain buildings but we have not become aware of it through the normal course of business), and therefore, these obligations also have not been included in the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangibles
Goodwill and other acquired intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but are tested for impairment annually and when an event occurs or circumstances change such that it is more likely than not that an impairment may exist. Our annual testing date is April 1.
We test goodwill for impairment by performing a qualitative assessment or using a quantitative test. If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment and determine it is more likely than not that the carrying value of the net assets is more than the fair value of the related operations, the quantitative test is then performed; otherwise, no further testing is required. For operations where the quantitative test is used, we compare the carrying value of net assets to the estimated fair value of the related operations. If the fair value is determined to be less than carrying value, the shortfall up to the carrying value of the goodwill represents the amount of goodwill impairment.
We performed our annual goodwill impairment test as of April 1, 2024, using a qualitative assessment. We determined the fair value of each of our reporting units substantially exceeded their respective carrying values. Our Military Aircraft reporting unit within our BDS segment had goodwill of $
1,295
and a negative carrying value at December 31, 2024.
Indefinite-lived intangibles consist of a brand and trade name and in-process research and development (IPR&D) acquired in business combinations. IPR&D is initially capitalized at fair value as an intangible asset with an indefinite life and assessed for impairment thereafter. IPR&D is reclassified to finite-lived acquired intangible assets when a project is completed and then amortized on a straight-line basis over the asset’s estimated useful life. We test these intangibles for impairment by comparing the carrying values to current projections of related discounted cash flows. Any excess carrying value over the amount of discounted cash flows represents the amount of the impairment.
67
Table of
Contents
Our finite-lived acquired intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated