price of Boeing shares over the
15
-trading-day period ending on the second trading day prior to the closing (subject to a floor of $
149.00
per share and a ceiling of $
206.94
per share). Spirit stockholders will receive
0.25
Boeing shares for each of their Spirit shares if the volume-weighted average price is at or below $
149.00
, and
0.18
Boeing shares for each of their Spirit shares if the volume-weighted average price is at or above $
206.94
per share.
Boeing's acquisition of Spirit will include substantially all Boeing-related commercial operations, as well as certain other operations.
Spirit has also entered into a binding term sheet with Airbus SE (Airbus) setting forth the terms upon which Airbus will, assuming the parties enter into definitive agreements and receive all required regulatory approvals, acquire certain commercial work packages that Spirit performs for Airbus concurrently with the closing of the Boeing-Spirit merger. In addition, Spirit is selling certain of its other operations.
The transaction is expected to close mid-2025 and is subject to the sale of the Spirit operations related to certain Airbus commercial work packages and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including certain regulatory approvals. On January 31, 2025, Spirit’s stockholders approved the Merger Agreement and the related transactions.
The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights, including that either Boeing or Spirit may terminate the Merger Agreement if, subject to certain limitations, the transaction has not been consummated by March 31, 2025 (subject to
three
automatic three-month extensions if on each such date all of the closing conditions except those relating to regulatory approvals have been satisfied or waived) (the Outside Date). If either party breaches or fails to perform any of its representations, warranties or covenants under the Merger Agreement such that the related conditions to the other party's obligation to consummate the Merger would not be satisfied, and such breach or failure is not curable by the Outside Date or, if curable by the Outside Date, has not been cured within
30
days following notice thereof, such other party may terminate the Merger Agreement.
The Merger Agreement also provides that we will be required to pay Spirit a termination fee of $
300
if the Merger Agreement is terminated by Spirit or Boeing under certain specified circumstances as a result of the parties' failure to obtain the required regulatory approvals by the Outside Date or in the event that any law or order related to the required regulatory approvals or any applicable antitrust law or foreign investment law prohibits the consummation of the Merger.
During 2023 and 2024, Boeing reached agreements to provide Spirit up to $
1,067
to support its liquidity, rate readiness, and 787 tooling and capital expenditures, of which $
166
has yet to be drawn. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, Other current assets included $
539
and $
0
and