control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, has been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, who has issued an audit report which is included in Item 8 of this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
(c)
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2024 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B. Other Information
During the three months ended December 31, 2024, none of our directors or officers
adopted
, modified or
terminated
a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” as such terms are defined under Item 408 of Regulation S-K.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
None.
127
Table of
Contents
Part III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Our executive officers and their ages as of February 3, 2025, are as follows:
128
Table of
Contents
129
Table of
Contents
Codes of Ethics.
We have adopted a Code of Ethical Business Conduct for Directors; and the Boeing Code of Conduct that applies to all employees (together, the Codes of Conduct). The Codes of Conduct are posted on our website, www.boeing.com/company/general-info/corporate-governance.page. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements regarding any amendments to, or waivers of, the Codes of Conduct covering our CEO, CFO and/or Controller by posting such information on our website.
No family relationships exist among any of the executive officers, directors or director nominees.
Additional information required by this item will be included under “Election of Directors (Item 1) – Director Nominees,” “Corporate Governance – Board Committees,” and “Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Other Program Features and Policies – Securities Trading Policy,” in our proxy statement, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2024 (the “2025 Proxy Statement”), and that information is incorporated by reference herein. We will provide disclosure of delinquent Section 16(a) reports, if any, in our 2025 Proxy Statement under “Stock Ownership Information - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports,” and such disclosure, if any, is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
The information required by this item will be included under “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” (other than “Pay Versus Performance”) “Compensation of Executive Officers,” and “Corporate Governance – Compensation of Directors,” in the 2025 Proxy Statement, and that information is incorporated by reference herein. The information contained in "Compensation Discussion and Analysis
130
Table of
Contents
– Compensation Committee Report” shall not be deemed to be filed with the SEC or subject to the liabilities of Section