employees could also adversely impact our business.
Approximately 58,000 employees, which constitute 34% of our total workforce, were union represented as of December 31, 2024 under collective bargaining agreements with varying durations and expiration dates. As of December 31, 2024, we had 9 unions in the U.S. with 27 independent agreements and 18 employee representative bodies internationally, and we cannot predict how stable our union relationships will be or whether we will be able to meet the unions’ requirements. On September 12, 2024, our contract with IAM 751, which represents over 30,000 Boeing manufacturing employees primarily located in Washington state, expired and 96% of IAM 751 members voted to initiate a strike. On November 4, 2024, members of IAM 751 voted to ratify a new contract, thereby ending the strike. As a result of the strike, production of our commercial aircraft, other than the 787 production in Charleston, and certain of our Defense, Space & Security products halted, adversely impacting our business and financial position. Net cash used by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2024, was $12.1 billion and we expect further negative operating cash flows to continue in future quarters as we work to ramp up production and deliveries. The new contract with IAM 751 and pay enhancements for certain non-union employees is adversely impacting our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. We may experience additional work stoppages in the future, which could adversely affect our business.
The unions may also limit our flexibility in managing our workforce and operations. Union actions at suppliers also affect us. Work stoppages and instability in our union relationships delay the production and/or development of our products, which could strain relationships with customers and result in lower revenues.
Competition within our markets and with respect to our products and services may reduce our future contracts and sales.
The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and one or more of our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do
9
Table of Contents
in some areas. In our BCA business, we face aggressive international competition intent on increasing market share. In our BDS business, we anticipate that the effects of defense industry consolidation, shifting acquisition and budget priorities, and continued cost pressure at our U.S. DoD and non-U.S. customers will intensify competition for many of our BDS products. Our BGS segment faces competition from many of the same strong U.S. and non-U.S. competitors facing BCA and BDS. Furthermore, we are facing increased international competition and cross-border consolidation of competition, and U.S. procurement and compliance requirements that could limit our ability to be cost-competitive in the international market. There can be no assurance that we will be able to