in the table below:
Assets included in Unallocated items, eliminations and other primarily consist of Cash and cash equivalents, Short-term and other investments, tax assets, capitalized interest and assets managed centrally on behalf of the
three
principal business segments and intercompany eliminations.
28
Table of Contents
Capital Expenditures
Capital expenditures for Unallocated items, eliminations and other relate primarily to assets managed centrally on behalf of the
three
principal business segments.
Depreciation and Amortization
(1)
Amounts shown in the table represent depreciation and amortization expense recorded by the individual business segments. Depreciation and amortization for centrally managed assets are allocated to business segments based on usage and occupancy. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, $
169
was allocated to the primary business segments, of which $
82
, $
68
, and $
19
was allocated to BCA, BDS and BGS, respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, $
163
was allocated to the primary business segments, of which $
80
, $
65
, and $
18
was allocated to BCA, BDS and BGS, respectively.
Note 19 –
Subsequent Events
On April 22, 2025, we announced that we entered into an agreement with Thoma Bravo to sell portions of our BGS segment’s Digital Aviation Solutions business for $
10.55
billion. The sale will include Jeppesen, ForeFlight, AerData and OzRunways assets. We will continue to provide commercial and defense airplane and fleet maintenance, diagnostics, and repair services. This transaction will enable us to strengthen our capital structure and focus on our core operations. We expect the transaction to close later in 2025 and result in a gain at closing. The transaction is subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions.
29
Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
The Boeing Company
Arlington, Virginia
Results of Review of Interim Financial Information
We have reviewed the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of financial position of The Boeing Company and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of March 31, 2025, the related condensed consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "condensed consolidated interim financial information"). Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the accompanying condensed consolidated interim financial information for it to be in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statement of financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024, and the related consolidated