recorded a benefit of $
30
, $
28
, and $
21
in cost of sales, respectively. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, Other current assets includes receivables of $
30
and $
26
. As of December 31, 2024, $
63
of refunds, plus interest, is subject to clawback if we fail to meet certain conditions, including employment levels.
We are eligible to claim cash grants through 2032 related to operations in Queensland, Australia. During 2023 and 2022, we received cash of $
5
and $
7
, which was recorded as a benefit in cost of sales. During 2024, we received cash of $
40
to apply against future eligible expenses, which was recorded in
Other long-term liabilities
and is subject to clawback if we fail to meet certain conditions, including employment levels.
Industrial Revenue Bonds (IRB) issued by St. Louis County and the city of St. Charles, Missouri were used to finance the purchase and/or construction of real and personal property at our St. Louis and St. Charles sites. Tax benefits associated with IRBs include Missouri sales tax exemptions as well as 12-year property tax abatements from St. Louis County and a 22-year property tax abatement from the city of St. Charles. We record these properties on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. We have also purchased the IRBs, and therefore, are the bondholders as well as the borrower/lessee of the properties purchased with the IRB proceeds. The liabilities and IRB assets are equal and are reported net in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the assets and liabilities associated with the IRBs were $
355
and $
333
.
Recoverable Costs on Government Contracts
Our final incurred costs for each year are subject to audit and review for allowability by the U.S. government, which can result in payment demands related to costs they believe should be disallowed. We work with the U.S. government to assess the merits of claims and where appropriate reserve for amounts disputed. If we are unable to satisfactorily resolve disputed costs, we could be required to record an earnings charge and/or provide refunds to the U.S. government. In addition, we are making
88
Table of
Contents
certain capital expenditures in anticipation of future contract awards that have risk for impairment if we are not selected. Total capital investment was approximately $
500
at December 31, 2024.
Fixed-Price Contracts
Long-term contracts that are contracted on a fixed-price basis could result in losses in future periods. Certain of the fixed-price contracts are for the development of new products, services and related technologies. Estimating the cost and time for us and our suppliers to complete these contracts is inherently uncertain due to operational and technical complexities. This uncertainty requires us to make significant judgments and assumptions about future operational and technical performance, and the outcome of customer and/or supplier contractual negotiations. The risk that actual