and non-U.S. government contract funding. The increase in contractual backlog during 2024 was primarily due to an increase in BDS and BGS backlog that was partially offset by a decrease in BCA backlog. We may experience reductions to backlog and/or significant order cancellations due to various factors including delivery delays, production disruptions and delays to entry into service of the 777X, 737-7 and/or 737-10.
Unobligated backlog includes U.S. and non-U.S. government definitive contracts for which funding has not been authorized. Unobligated backlog was largely unchanged in 2024.
Additional Considerations
U.S. Government Funding
Considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future U.S. government budget and program decisions will unfold, including the spending priorities of the new Administration and Congress.
The Continuing Resolution (CR) enacted on December 21, 2024, continues federal funding at fiscal year 2024 appropriated levels through March 14, 2025. Congress and the President must enact either full-year fiscal year 2025 (FY25) appropriations bills or an additional CR to fund government departments and agencies after March 14, 2025, or a government shutdown could result. We rely on the U.S. government in various aspects of our defense, commercial and service businesses. In the event of a shutdown, requirements to furlough employees in the U.S. Department of Defense (U.S. DoD), the Department of Transportation, including the FAA, or other government agencies could result in payment delays, impair our ability to perform work on existing contracts or otherwise impact our operations, negatively impact future orders, and/or cause other disruptions or delays.
The U.S. government could experience a disruption to its operations and/or payments in 2025 as a result of the U.S. Treasury exhausting extraordinary measures after reaching its debt limit. In addition, U.S. government discretionary spending in FY24 and fiscal year 2025 (FY25), including defense spending, was capped by the Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2023 (FRA). If a CR for FY25 is in place on April 30, 2025, it would trigger a sequester under the FRA. These potential disruptions, and any broader macroeconomic impacts, could affect our current programs and contracts and have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
31
Table of Contents
Global Trade
The global trade landscape is growing more volatile, and the likelihood of new or reciprocal tariffs, export restrictions, sanctions or other restrictions is increasing. We continually monitor the global trade environment and any changes in tariffs, trade agreements, restrictions or sanctions that may impact the Company or our suppliers or customers, and work to mitigate potential impacts.
The current state of U.S.-China relations remains an ongoing watch item. China is a significant market for commercial aircraft and we have long-standing relationships with our Chinese customers, who