provides information about purchases we made during the quarter ended December 31, 2024, of our common stock, which is registered by us pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act:
(Dollars in millions, except per share data)
(1)
A total of 65,997 shares were transferred to us from employees in satisfaction of minimum tax withholding obligations associated with the vesting of restricted stock units during the period. We did not purchase any shares of our common stock in the open market pursuant to a repurchase program.
Item 6. [Reserved]
23
Table of Contents
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Consolidated Results of Operations and Financial Condition
Overview
We are a global market leader in the design, development, manufacture, sale, service and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight and launch systems and services. We are one of the two major manufacturers of 100+ seat airplanes for the worldwide commercial airline industry and one of the largest defense contractors in the U.S. While our principal operations are in the U.S., we conduct operations in an expanding number of countries and rely on an extensive network of non-U.S. partners, key suppliers and subcontractors.
Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses – Commercial Airplanes (BCA), Defense, Space & Security (BDS) and Global Services (BGS). BCA is committed to being the leader in commercial aviation by offering airplanes and services that deliver superior design, safety, quality, efficiency and value to customers around the world. BDS integrates its resources in defense, intelligence, communications, security, space and services to deliver capability-driven solutions to customers at reduced costs. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets. BGS provides support for commercial and defense through innovative, comprehensive and cost-competitive product and service solutions.
On January 5, 2024, an Alaska Airlines 737-9 flight made an emergency landing after a mid-exit door plug detached in flight. Following the accident, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) grounded and required inspections of all 737-9 aircraft with a mid-exit door plug, which constituted the large majority of the approximately 220 737-9 aircraft in the in-service fleet. On January 24, 2024, the FAA approved an enhanced maintenance and inspection process that was required to be performed on each of the grounded 737-9 aircraft. Our 737-9 operators returned their fleets to service in the first quarter. All 737-9 aircraft in production are undergoing this same enhanced inspection process prior to delivery.
As a result of the accident, the FAA performed an investigation into the 737 quality control system. In the second quarter of 2024, we submitted a