particularly with respect to our commercial aircraft, result in lower demand for our products, delivery delays, and terminations of orders by customers.
China is a significant market for commercial aircraft and we have long-standing relationships with our Chinese customers. Overall, the U.S.-China trade relationship is challenged due to tariffs and other economic and national security concerns
.
In April 2025, certain customers in China informed us that they will not accept deliveries. If we are unable to deliver aircraft to customers in China consistent with our assumptions and/or obtain additional orders from China in the future, we may experience reduced deliveries and/or lower market share.
Impacts from potential deterioration in geopolitical or trade relationships between the U.S. and other countries, particularly China and European Union members states, including as a result of the risks described above, could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The following table provides information about purchases we made during the quarter ended March 31, 2025, of equity securities that are registered by us pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act:
(1)
A total of 80,830 shares were transferred to us from employees in satisfaction of minimum tax withholding obligations associated with the vesting of restricted stock units during the period. We did not purchase any shares of our common stock in the open market pursuant to a repurchase program.
Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities
Not applicable.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
51
Table of Contents
Item 5. Other Information
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, none of our directors or officers
adopted
, modified
or
terminated
a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” as such terms are defined under Item 408 of Regulation S-K.
52
Table of Contents
Item 6. Exhibits
* Management contract or compensatory plan
53
Table of Contents
Signature
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
54