statements of operations, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for the year then ended (not presented herein); and in our report dated February 3, 2025, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31, 2024, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated statement of financial position from which it has been derived.
Basis for Review Results
This condensed consolidated interim financial information is the responsibility of the Company's management. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our reviews in accordance with standards of the PCAOB. A review of interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion.
/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
Seattle, Washington
April 23, 2025
30
Table of Contents
31
Table of Contents
32
Table of Contents
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
33
Table of Contents
Overview
On January 5, 2024, a 737-9 flight made an emergency landing after a mid-exit door plug detached in flight. Following the accident, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) grounded and required inspections of all 737-9 aircraft with a mid-exit door plug, which constituted the large majority of the approximately 220 737-9 aircraft in the in-service fleet. On January 24, 2024, the FAA approved an enhanced maintenance and inspection process that was required to be performed on each of the grounded 737-9 aircraft. Our 737-9 operators returned their fleets to service in the first quarter of 2024. All 737-9 aircraft in production are undergoing this same enhanced inspection process prior to delivery.
As a result of the accident, the FAA performed an investigation into the 737 quality control system. In the second quarter of 2024, we submitted a comprehensive safety and quality plan to the FAA to address the issues identified. As part of our plan to improve quality and safety and to address the issues identified, we slowed production rates and delayed planned production rate increases to reduce traveled work in our factory, as well as at our suppliers. We also began taking additional actions to improve safety and quality, which include investing in workforce training, simplifying plans and processes,