which are overseen by our Board of Directors and provide central, standardized frameworks for identifying and tracking cyber-related business and compliance risks across the Company. Risks from cybersecurity threats to our products and services are also overseen by our Board of Directors.
In addition, we periodically engage
third-party consultants
to assist us in assessing, enhancing, implementing, and monitoring our cybersecurity risk management programs and responding to any incidents.
As part of our cybersecurity risk management process, we conduct “tabletop” exercises during which we simulate cybersecurity incidents to ensure that we are prepared to respond to such an incident and to highlight any areas for potential improvement in our cyber incident preparedness. In addition, all employees are required to complete a mandatory cybersecurity training course on an annual basis and receive monthly phishing simulations to provide “experiential learning” on how to recognize phishing attempts.
We have established a cybersecurity supply chain risk management program, which is a cross-functional program that forms part of our Enterprise Risk Management program and is supported by our security, compliance, and supply chain organizations. Through this evolving program, we assess the risks from cybersecurity threats that impact select suppliers and third-party service providers with whom we share personal identifying and confidential information. We continue to evolve our oversight processes to mature how we identify and manage cybersecurity risks associated with the products or services we procure from such suppliers. We generally require our suppliers to adopt security-control principles based on industry-recognized standards.
We have experienced, and may in the future experience, whether directly or through our supply chain or other channels, cybersecurity incidents. While prior incidents have not materially affected our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition, and although our processes are designed to help prevent, detect, respond to, and mitigate the impact of such incidents, there is no guarantee that a future cyber incident would not materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
See “Risks Related to Technology, Security and Business Disruptions” in “Risk Factors” on pages 14 - 15 of this Form 10-K.
Governance
Our Board of Directors has overall responsibility for risk oversight, with its committees assisting the Board in performing this function based on their respective areas of expertise. Our Board of Directors has delegated oversight of risks related to cybersecurity to two Board committees, the Audit Committee and the Aerospace Safety Committee, and each committee reports on its activities and findings to the full Board after each meeting. The Audit Committee is charged with reviewing our cybersecurity processes for assessing key strategic, operational, and compliance risks.