the U.S. under the SAFETY Act provisions of the 2002 Homeland Security Act, no such protection is available outside the U.S., potentially resulting in significant liabilities. The amount of insurance coverage we maintain may be inadequate to cover these or other claims or liabilities.
A significant portion of our customer financing portfolio is concentrated among certain customers and in certain types of Boeing aircraft, which exposes us to concentration risks.
A significant portion of our customer financing portfolio, which is comprised of financing receivables and operating lease equipment, is concentrated among certain customers and in distinct geographic regions. Our portfolio is also concentrated by varying degrees across Boeing aircraft product types, most notably 717 aircraft, and among customers that we believe have less than investment-grade credit. If one or more customers holding a significant portion of our portfolio assets experiences financial difficulties or otherwise defaults on or does not renew its leases with us at their expiration, and we are unable to redeploy the aircraft on reasonable terms, our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
18
Table of Contents
The issuance of common stock upon the closing of the Spirit acquisition and upon conversion of our Mandatory convertible preferred stock, and the possibility of the sale or issuance of our common stock in the future, could cause dilution to the interests of our existing shareholders.
On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, each share of Spirit common stock will be exchanged for a number of shares of our common stock equal to an exchange ratio between 0.18 and 0.25, calculated as $37.25 divided by the volume weighted average share price of our shares over the 15-trading-day period ending on the second trading day prior to the closing (subject to a floor of $149.00 per share and a ceiling of $206.94 per share). In addition, unless earlier converted, each outstanding share of Mandatory convertible preferred stock will automatically convert for settlement on or about October 15, 2027, into between 5.8280 and 6.9940 shares of common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. At any time prior to October 15, 2027, a holder of Mandatory convertible preferred stock may convert one share of such stock into a number of shares of common stock equal to the minimum conversion rate of 5.8280, subject to certain anti-dilution and other adjustments. In addition, a substantial number of shares of our common stock is reserved for issuance upon the exercise or settlement of equity awards. Collectively, these issuances or potential future issuances of common stock could be significant and will dilute the interests of our existing shareholders.
Our common stock ranks junior to the Mandatory convertible preferred stock with respect to dividends and amounts payable in the event of our