contracts, employment, securities and other matters are pending against us. In addition, we are subject to various government inquiries and investigations from which civil, criminal or administrative proceedings could result or have resulted in the past. Such proceedings involve or could involve claims by the government for fines, penalties, compensatory and treble damages, restitution and/or forfeitures. Under U.S. government regulations, a company, or one or more of its operating divisions or subdivisions, can also be suspended or debarred from government contracts, have certain of its production certificates suspended or revoked, or lose its export privileges, based on the results of investigations. We believe, based upon current information, that the outcome of any currently pending legal proceeding, claim, or government dispute, inquiry or investigation will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
Multiple legal actions, investigations and inquiries were initiated concerning the October 29, 2018, accident of Lion Air Flight 610 and the March 10, 2019 accident of Ethiopian Airlines Flight 302. While many of these legal actions and investigations have been resolved, others are still pending, including a federal securities class action filed in federal district court in the Northern District of Illinois, and a number of civil lawsuits and claims brought by family members of those lost in the accidents. Furthermore, on January 7, 2021, we entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) with the U.S. Department of Justice (the Department) relating to the Department’s investigation into us regarding the evaluation of the 737 MAX by the Federal Aviation Administration (the Investigation). Among other obligations, the DPA included a three-year reporting period, which ended in January 2024. On May 14, 2024, the Department notified us of its determination that we did not fulfill our obligations under the DPA and that the Department would not move to dismiss the case. On July 24, 2024, we and the Department filed a proposed plea agreement with the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas (the
113
Table of
Contents
Court) to resolve the Investigation. Under the terms of the proposed agreement, Boeing agreed that it would plead guilty to the charge that was the basis for the DPA; pay an additional fine of $
244
; commit to invest at least $
455
in compliance, quality and safety programs over a
three-year
period; and agree to the appointment of an independent compliance monitor for
three years
. On December 5, 2024, the Court rejected the proposed plea agreement, citing the proposed agreement’s provisions governing the monitor’s selection and supervision. In light of the Court’s ruling, Boeing and the Department are currently engaged in discussions regarding potential resolution of this matter.
Multiple legal actions were initiated as a result of the January 5, 2024, Alaska Airlines