credit facility agreements.
We currently maintain investment grade credit ratings; however, Moody’s downgraded our short term and long term credit ratings to Baa3/P-3 in April 2024. Moody's and S&P placed our ratings on review for downgrade in September 2024 and October 2024, respectively. In January 2025, Moody’s affirmed the Baa3/P-3 investment grade credit rating with negative outlook.
We expect to be able to access capital markets when we require additional funding to support our operations, pay off existing debt, address impacts to our business related to market developments, fund outstanding financing commitments or meet other business requirements; however, a number of factors could increase the cost of borrowing, jeopardize our ability to incur debt on terms acceptable to us, and negatively impact our access to the capital and financial markets and our ability to fund our operations and commitments. These factors include further downgrades in our credit ratings, disruptions or declines in the global capital markets, a decline in our financial performance or, outlook, a delay in our ability to ramp up production and deliveries, and changes in demand for our products and services. The occurrence of any or all of these events may adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and financing or contractual commitments. See “Risks Related to Financing and Liquidity” under “Item 1A. Risk Factors”.
Any future borrowings may affect our credit ratings and are subject to various debt covenants. The most restrictive covenants include a limitation on mortgage debt and sale and leaseback transactions as a percentage of consolidated net tangible assets (as defined in the credit agreements), and a limitation on consolidated debt as a percentage of total capital (as defined in the credit agreements). When considering debt covenants, we continue to have substantial borrowing capacity.
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits
Pension cash requirements are based on an estimate of our minimum funding requirements, pursuant to Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) regulations, although we may make additional discretionary contributions. Estimates of other postretirement benefits are based on both our estimated future benefit payments and the estimated contributions to plans that are funded through trusts.
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, our pension plans were $4.8 billion and $5.4 billion underfunded as measured under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). On an ERISA basis, our plans are more than 90% funded at December 31, 2024. We do not expect to make significant contributions
44
Table of Contents
to our pension plans in 2025. We may be required to make higher contributions to our pension plans in future years.
For the foreseeable future, we expect to continue to use common stock in lieu of cash to fund Company contributions to our 401(k) plans.
Purchase Obligations
Purchase obligations represent contractual agreements to