(FY25).
The U.S. government could experience a disruption to its operations and/or payments in 2025 if the debt limit is not addressed before the U.S. Treasury exhausts extraordinary measures. These potential disruptions, and any broader macroeconomic impacts, could affect our current programs and contracts and have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
Global Trade
The global trade landscape is currently highly volatile. Various countries have announced plans for and/or have already implemented new or modified tariffs. For example, in the first quarter of 2025, the United States imposed modified tariffs on aluminum and steel imports, as well as additional tariffs on goods from China. In addition, the United States imposed tariffs on goods imported from Canada and Mexico that are not compliant with the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA). We believe that the majority of our imports from Canada and Mexico are compliant with the provisions of the USMCA. Our first quarter results reflect our best estimate of the impacts of the tariffs enacted as of March 31, 2025, and certain potential mitigations.
On April 2, 2025, the United States announced broad reciprocal tariffs on imports from all countries, comprising a 10% baseline tariff and higher country-specific tariffs. Other countries, including China, announced retaliatory actions or plans for retaliatory actions. On April 9, 2025, the United States implemented a 90-day pause on the country-specific reciprocal tariffs for all countries except China,
38
Table of Contents
leaving the 10% baseline tariff in place. These tariffs and any retaliatory actions from other countries could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. In April 2025, certain customers in China informed us that they will not accept deliveries. We continually monitor the global trade environment for new and/or changing tariffs, retaliatory actions, trade agreements, export restrictions, sanctions or other restrictions that may impact the Company or our supply chain or customers, and work to mitigate impacts to our business.
The current state of U.S.-China relations remains an ongoing watch item. China is a significant market for commercial aircraft and we have long-standing relationships with our Chinese customers. Overall, the U.S.-China trade relationship is challenged due to tariffs and other economic and national security concerns
.
We seek to comply with all U.S. and other government import requirements, export control restrictions and sanctions. We continue to monitor and evaluate additional sanctions and trade restrictions that may be imposed by the U.S. Government or other governments, as well as any responses that could affect our supply chain, business partners or customers, for any additional impacts to our business.
Supply Chain
We and our suppliers are experiencing inflationary pressures, as well as supply chain