useful lives as follows: developed technology, from
4
to
14
years; product know-how, from
6
to
30
years; customer base, from
3
to
17
years; distribution rights, from
3
to
27
years; and other, from
1
to
32
years. We evaluate the potential impairment of finite-lived acquired intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If the carrying value is no longer recoverable based upon the undiscounted future cash flows of the asset, the amount of the impairment is the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset.
Investments
Time deposits are held-to-maturity investments that are carried at cost.
Available-for-sale debt investments include commercial paper, corporate notes and U.S. government agency securities. Available-for-sale debt investments are recorded at fair value, and unrealized gains and losses are recorded, net of tax, as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt investments are recognized based on the specific identification method. Available-for-sale debt investments are assessed for impairment quarterly.
The equity method of accounting is used to account for investments for which we have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over an investee. Significant influence is generally deemed to exist if we have an ownership interest in the voting stock of an investee of between 20% and 50%. The cumulative earnings approach is used for cash flow classification of distributions received from equity method investments.
Other Equity investments are recorded at fair value, with gains and losses recorded through net earnings. Equity investments without readily determinable fair value are measured at cost, less impairments, plus or minus observable price changes. Equity investments without readily determinable fair value are assessed for impairment quarterly.
We classify investment income and loss on our Consolidated Statements of Operations based on whether the investment is operating or non-operating in nature. Operating investments align strategically and are integrated with our operations. Earnings from operating investments, including our share of income or loss from equity method investments, dividend income from other equity investments, and any impairments or gain/loss on the disposition of these investments, are recorded in Income/(loss) from operating investments, net. Non-operating investments are those we hold for non-strategic purposes. Earnings from non-operating investments, including interest and dividends on marketable securities, and any impairments or gain/loss on the disposition of these investments are recorded in Other income, net.
Derivatives
All derivative instruments are recognized in the financial statements and measured at fair value regardless of the purpose or intent of holding them. We principally use derivative instruments to manage a