Security Engineer, who each have several decades of business and senior leadership experience managing risks in their respective fields, collectively covering all aspects of cybersecurity, data and analytics, product security engineering, enterprise engineering, safety and the technical integrity of our products and services.
The Council meets monthly and updates key members of the Company’s Executive Council on progress towards specific cybersecurity objectives. A strong partnership exists between Information Technology, Enterprise Security, Corporate Audit, and Law so that identified issues are addressed in a timely manner and incidents are reported to the appropriate regulatory bodies as required.
Item 2. Properties
We had approximately 94 million square feet of floor space on December 31, 2024 for manufacturing, warehousing, engineering, administration and other productive uses, of which approximately 86% was located in the United States. The following table provides a summary of the floor space by business as of December 31, 2024:
(1)
Other includes sites used for corporate offices, enterprise research and development and common internal services.
21
Table of Contents
At December 31, 2024, the combined square footage at the following major locations totaled more than 88 million square feet:
•
Commercial Airplanes – Greater Seattle, WA; China; Greater Charleston, SC; Greater Los Angeles, CA; Greater Portland, OR; Greater Salt Lake City, UT; Australia; Canada; Malaysia; and Mexico
•
Defense, Space & Security – Greater St. Louis, MO; Greater Seattle, WA; Greater Los Angeles, CA; Philadelphia, PA; Mesa, AZ; Huntsville, AL; Oklahoma City, OK; Heath, OH; Australia; Greater Washington, DC; Houston, TX; Kennedy Space Center and Greater Portland, OR
•
Global Services – San Antonio, TX; Greater Dallas, TX; Jacksonville, FL; Great Britain; Greater Miami, FL; China; and Germany
•
Other – India; Chicago, IL; Greater Los Angeles, CA; and Greater Washington, DC.
Most runways and taxiways that we use are located on airport properties owned by others and are used jointly with others. Our rights to use such facilities are provided for under long-term leases with municipal, county or other government authorities. In addition, the U.S. government furnishes us certain office space, installations and equipment at U.S. government bases for use in connection with various contract activities.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
We incorporate by reference into this Item our disclosures made in Note 22 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable
22
Table of Contents
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The principal market for our common stock is the New York Stock Exchange where it trades under the symbol BA. As of January 27, 2025, there were 80,843 common shareholders of record.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The following table