airlines.
We can make no assurance that any customer will exercise purchase options, fulfill existing purchase commitments or purchase additional products or services from us. In addition, fleet decisions, airline consolidations or financial challenges involving any of our major commercial airline customers could significantly reduce our revenues and limit our opportunity to generate profits from those customers. Airlines also are experiencing increased fuel and other costs, and the global economy has experienced and may continue to experience high inflation.
Our Commercial Airplanes business depends on our ability to maintain a healthy production system, ensure every airplane in our production system conforms to exacting specifications,
6
Table of Contents
achieve planned production rate targets, successfully develop and certify new aircraft or new derivative aircraft, and meet or exceed stringent performance and reliability standards.
The commercial aircraft business is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers, highly-skilled labor performed by thousands of employees of ours and other partners, and stringent and evolving regulatory requirements and performance and reliability standards. We have experienced and may continue to experience production quality issues, including in our supply chain.
For example, as a result of the Alaska Airlines 737-9 accident in January 2024, the FAA investigated the 737 quality control system, including Spirit, and increased its oversight of our production and quality and safety management systems. The FAA identified multiple instances where we and Spirit failed to comply with manufacturing quality control requirements. As part of our plan to improve safety and quality and to address the issues identified by the FAA, we slowed 737 production rates and delayed planned production rate increases to reduce traveled work in our factory and at our suppliers. These actions significantly impacted our financial position, results of operations and cash flows during the year ended December 31, 2024, and are expected to continue to impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows as we work to increase production and improve factory performance.
The introduction of new aircraft programs and/or derivatives, such as the 777X, 737-7 and 737-10, involves risks associated with meeting development, testing, certification and production schedules. We are following the lead of the FAA as we work through the certification process, and the FAA will ultimately determine the timing of certification and entry into service. There have been delays on each of these development programs and if we experience additional delays in achieving certification, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely impacted.
A number of our customers have contractual remedies, including compensation for late deliveries or rights to reject individual airplane