at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.
The following table presents the nonrecurring losses recognized for the three months ended March 31 due to long-lived asset impairment and the fair value of the related assets as of the impairment date:
Level 3 Investments and Other assets were primarily valued using an income approach based on the discounted cash flows associated with the underlying assets. Level 2 Property, plant and equipment were valued based on a third-party valuation using a combination of income and market approaches and adjusted for as-is condition. These approaches are considered estimates of net operating income, capitalization rates, and/or comparable property sales. Level 3 operating lease equipment is derived by calculating a median collateral value from a consistent group of third-party aircraft value publications. The values provided by the third-party aircraft publications are derived from their knowledge of market trades and other market factors. Management reviews the publications quarterly to assess the continued appropriateness and consistency with market trends. Under certain circumstances, we adjust values based on the attributes and condition of the specific aircraft or equipment, usually when the features or use of the aircraft vary significantly from the more generic aircraft attributes covered by third-party publications, or on the expected net sales price for the aircraft.
Fair Value Disclosures
The fair values and related carrying values of financial instruments that are not required to be remeasured at fair value on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position were as follows:
The fair value of Notes receivable classified as Level 2 is estimated with discounted cash flow analysis using interest rates currently offered on loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. The fair value of Notes receivable classified as Level 3 is based on our best estimate using available counterparty financial data. The fair value of our debt that is traded in the secondary market is classified as Level 2 and is based on current market yields. For our debt that is not traded in the secondary market, the fair value is classified as Level 2 and is based on our indicative borrowing cost derived from dealer
23
Table of Contents
quotes or discounted cash flows. With regard to other financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, it is not practicable to estimate the fair value of our indemnifications and financing commitments because the amount and timing of those arrangements are uncertain. Items not included in the above disclosures include cash, restricted cash, time deposits and other deposits, commercial paper, money market funds, Accounts receivable, Unbilled receivables, Other current assets, Accounts payable and long-term payables. The carrying values of those items, as reflected in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, approximate their fair value at March 31, 2025 and