specifications. Estimated costs related to standard warranties are recorded in the period in which the related product delivery occurs. The warranty liability recorded at each balance sheet date reflects the estimated number of months of warranty coverage outstanding for products delivered times the average of historical monthly warranty payments, as well as additional amounts for certain major warranty issues that exceed a normal claims level. Estimated costs of these additional warranty issues are considered changes to the initial liability estimate.
We provide guarantees to certain commercial aircraft customers which include compensation provisions for failure to meet specified aircraft performance targets. We account for these performance guarantees as warranties. The estimated liability for these warranties is based on known and anticipated operational characteristics and forecasted customer operation of the aircraft relative to contractually specified performance targets, and anticipated settlements when contractual remedies are not specified. Estimated payments are recorded as a reduction of revenue at delivery of the related aircraft. We have agreements that require certain suppliers to compensate us for amounts paid to customers for failure of supplied equipment to meet specified performance targets. Claims against suppliers under these agreements are included in Inventories and recorded as a reduction in Cost of products at delivery of the related aircraft. These performance warranties and claims against suppliers are included in estimates to complete the related programs.
Supplier Penalties
We may incur penalties to suppliers under certain circumstances such as a contract termination. We record an accrual for supplier penalties when an event occurs that makes it probable we will incur a supplier penalty and the amount is reasonably estimable.
Guarantees
At the inception of a guarantee, we record a liability in Accrued liabilities for the fair value of the guarantee. For credit guarantees, the liability is equal to the present value of the expected loss. We determine the expected loss by multiplying the creditor’s default rate by the guarantee amount reduced by the expected recovery, if applicable. We also recognize a liability for the expected contingent loss at inception and adjust it each quarter.
70
Table of
Contents
Note 2 –
Spirit Acquisition
On June 30, 2024, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) pursuant to which we have agreed to acquire Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (Spirit) in an all-stock transaction at an equity value of approximately $
4,700
, or $
37.25
per share of Spirit Class A Common Stock. The transaction will include the assumption of Spirit's net debt at closing.
Each share of Spirit common stock will be exchanged for a number of shares of Boeing common stock equal to an exchange ratio between
0.18
and
0.25
, calculated as $
37.25
divided by the volume weighted average share