that reflects a fine that would be paid if an agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice is approved by the federal district court. For additional discussion, see Note 22 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Expense
Pension costs are allocated to BDS and BGS businesses supporting government customers using CAS, which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. These costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. FAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. Non-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost.
These expenses are included in Other income, net. Components of FAS/CAS service cost adjustment are shown in the following table:
118
Table of
Contents
Assets
Segment assets are summarized in the table below.
Assets included in Unallocated items, eliminations and other primarily consist of Cash and cash equivalents, Short-term and other investments, tax assets, capitalized interest and assets managed centrally on behalf of the
three
principal business segments and intercompany eliminations.
Capital Expenditures
Capital expenditures for Unallocated items, eliminations and other relate primarily to assets managed centrally on behalf of the
three
principal business segments.
Depreciation and Amortization
(1)
Amounts shown in the table represent depreciation and amortization expense recorded by the individual business segments. Depreciation and amortization for centrally managed assets are allocated to business segments based on usage and occupancy. In 2024, $
705
was allocated to the primary business segments, of which $
339
, $
289
and $
77
was allocated to BCA, BDS and BGS, respectively. In 2023, $
650
was allocated the primary business segments, of which $
311
, $
264
and $
75
was allocated to BCA, BDS and BGS, respectively. In 2022, $
644
was allocated to the primary business segments, of which $
361
, $
230
and $
53
was allocated to BCA, BDS and BGS, respectively.
119
Table of
Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of The Boeing Company
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of The Boeing Company and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements