capitalize on inefficiencies identified across and within different asset classes or markets. Hedge fund strategy types include, but are not limited to, directional, event driven, relative value and long-short.
Investment managers are retained for explicit investment roles specified by contractual investment guidelines. Certain investment managers are authorized to use derivatives, such as equity or bond futures, swaps, options and currency futures or forwards. Derivatives are used to achieve the desired market exposure of a security or an index, transfer value-added performance between asset classes,
97
Table of
Contents
achieve the desired currency exposure, adjust portfolio duration or rebalance the total portfolio to the target asset allocation.
As a percentage of total pension assets, derivative net notional amounts were
42.0
% and
38.3
% for fixed income, including to-be-announced mortgage-backed securities and treasury forwards, and
0.8
% and
2.1
% for global equity and commodities at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Risk Management
In managing the pension assets, we review and manage risk associated with funded status risk, interest rate risk, market risk, counterparty risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. Liability matching and asset class diversification are central to our risk management approach and are integral to the overall investment strategy. Further, asset classes are constructed to achieve diversification by investment strategy, by investment manager, by industry or sector and by holding. Investment manager guidelines for publicly traded assets are specified and are monitored regularly through the custodian. Credit parameters for counterparties have been established for managers permitted to trade over-the-counter derivatives. Valuation is governed through several types of procedures, including reviews of manager valuation policies, custodian valuation processes, pricing vendor practices, pricing reconciliation and periodic, security-specific valuation testing.
Fair Value Measurements
The following table presents our plan assets using the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. The fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value. Level 1 refers to fair values determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. Level 2 refers to fair values estimated using significant other observable inputs, and Level 3 includes fair values estimated using significant unobservable inputs.
98
Table of
Contents
Fixed income securities are primarily valued upon a market approach, using matrix pricing and considering a security’s relationship to other securities for which quoted prices in an active market may be available, or an income approach, converting future cash flows to a single present value amount.
99
Table of
Contents
Inputs used in developing fair value estimates include reported trades, broker quotes, benchmark yields and base spreads.