selection and supervision. In light of the Court’s ruling, Boeing and the Department continue to be engaged in discussions regarding potential resolution of this matter, which is now scheduled to go to trial on June 23, 2025.
Multiple legal actions were initiated as a result of the January 5, 2024 737-9 door plug accident. We are also subject to multiple governmental and regulatory investigations and inquiries relating to the 737-9 door plug accident and our commercial airplanes business.
We cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, not covered by available insurance and in excess of any accrued amounts that may result given the current status of pending lawsuits, investigations and inquiries arising from the 2018 and 2019 737 MAX accidents and the January 2024 737-9 door plug accident.
24
Table of Contents
Note 18 –
Segment and Revenue Information
We operate in
three
reportable segments: BCA, BDS, and BGS. All other activities fall within Unallocated items, eliminations and other. See page 6 for the Summary of Business Segment Data, which is an integral part of this note.
BCA develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft principally to the commercial airline industry worldwide. Revenue on commercial aircraft contracts is recognized at the point in time when an aircraft is completed and accepted by the customer.
BDS engages in the research, development, production and modification of the following products and related services: manned and unmanned military aircraft and weapons systems, surveillance and engagement, strategic defense and intelligence systems, satellite systems and space exploration. BDS revenue is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred.
BGS provides parts, maintenance, modifications, logistics support, training, data analytics and information-based services to commercial and government customers worldwide. BGS segment revenue and costs include certain products and services provided to other segments. Revenue on commercial spare parts contracts is recognized at the point in time when a spare part is delivered to the customer. Revenue on other contracts is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred.
The primary profitability measurement used by our chief operating decision maker to review segment operating results is Segment operating earnings/(loss).
The following table reconciles segment Revenues to Segment operating earnings/(loss):
(1)
Primarily includes costs of products and services and general and administrative expenses.
The following tables present BCA, BDS and BGS revenues from contracts with customers disaggregated in a number of ways, such as geographic location, contract type and the method of revenue recognition. We believe these best depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of our revenues and cash flows are affected by economic factors
25
Table of Contents
BCA revenues by customer location consisted of the