reach-forward losses in future periods.
787 Program
We are currently at a production rate of approximately 5 aircraft per month. We are continuing to monitor supply chain health and factory performance as we work to increase production rates. As of March 31, 2025, we had approximately 20 aircraft in inventory, including 4 aircraft for customers in China, that were produced prior to 2023 and required rework. In February 2025, we completed the rework of the last aircraft and expect to deliver the majority of these aircraft in 2025. It is currently unclear how trade tensions between the U.S. and China will impact deliveries to China.
Additional Considerations
On June 30, 2024, we entered into an agreement to acquire Spirit. See Note 2 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
42
Table of Contents
Defense, Space & Security
Overview
The Full-Year Continuing Appropriations and Extensions Act, 2025, enacted on March 15, 2025, provided FY25 appropriations for government departments and agencies, including $856 billion for the U.S. Department of Defense (U.S. DoD) and $25 billion for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). This bill has been deemed to be a full-year appropriations bill in respect to satisfying the requirements of the Fiscal Responsibility Act, avoiding a sequester of defense and non-defense spending in FY25.
There is ongoing uncertainty with respect to program-level spending for the U.S. DoD, NASA and other government agencies for FY25 and beyond. Future budget cuts or investment priority changes, including changes associated with the authorizations and appropriations process, could result in reductions, cancellations and/or delays of existing contracts or programs. Any of these impacts could have a material effect on our results of operations, financing position, and/or cash flows.
The non-U.S. market continues to be driven by complex and evolving security challenges and the need to modernize aging equipment and inventories. BDS expects that it will continue to have a wide range of opportunities across Asia, Europe and the Middle East given the diverse regional threats. At March 31, 2025, 29% of BDS backlog was attributable to non-U.S. customers.
Results of Operations
Since our operating cycle is long-term and involves many different types of development and production contracts with varying delivery and milestone schedules, the operating results of a particular period may not be indicative of future operating results. In addition, depending on the customer and their funding sources, our orders might be structured as annual follow-on contracts, or as one large multi-year order or long-term award. As a result, period-to-period comparisons of backlog are not necessarily indicative of future workloads. The following discussions of comparative results among periods should be viewed in this context.
Deliveries of new-build production units, including remanufactures and modifications, were as follows:
43
Table of