Boeing employees completed approximately 5.9 million hours of learning and approximately 14,000 Boeing employees leveraged our tuition assistance program to pursue degrees, professional certificates and individual courses in strategic fields of study.
Safety, quality, integrity and sustainability are at the core of how Boeing operates. We aspire to achieve zero workplace injuries and provide a safe, open and accountable work environment for our employees. Employees are required on an annual basis to sign the Boeing Code of Conduct to reaffirm their commitment to do their work in a compliant and ethical manner. Additionally, we continue to focus on creating a culture where all employees feel empowered to speak up and provide multiple channels for all employees to ask for guidance and report concerns, including those related to ethics, safety or quality. We address employee concerns and take appropriate actions that uphold our Boeing values.
Competition
The commercial jet aircraft market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share, such as Airbus and entrants from China. We are focused on improving our products and processes and continuing cost reduction efforts. We intend to continue to compete with other aircraft manufacturers by providing customers with airplanes and services that deliver superior design, safety, quality, efficiency and value to customers around the world.
BDS faces strong competition primarily from Lockheed Martin Corporation, Northrop Grumman Corporation, RTX Corporation, General Dynamics Corporation and SpaceX. Non-U.S. companies such as BAE Systems and Airbus Group continue to build a strategic presence in the U.S. market by strengthening their North American operations and partnering with U.S. defense companies. In addition, certain competitors have occasionally formed teams with other competitors to address specific customer requirements. BDS expects the trend of strong competition to continue into 2025.
The commercial and defense services markets are extremely challenging and are made up of many of the same strong U.S. and non-U.S. competitors facing BCA and BDS along with other competitors in those markets. BGS leverages our extensive services network offering products and services which span the life cycle of our defense and commercial aircraft programs: training, fleet services and logistics, maintenance and engineering, modifications and upgrades, as well as the daily cycle of gate-to-gate operations. BGS expects the market to remain highly competitive in 2025, and intends to grow market share by leveraging a high level of customer satisfaction and productivity.
Regulatory Matters
Our businesses are heavily regulated in most of our markets. We work with numerous U.S. government agencies and entities, including but not limited to, all of the branches of the U.S. military, the National Aeronautics and Space