net profits for the industry globally. The overall outlook continues to stabilize as we face uncertainties in the environment in the near- to medium-term as airlines are facing persistently high and volatile costs. The global economy is expecting a continued easing of inflation and interest rates, with regional economic and geopolitical difficulties adding uncertainty to the outlook and the financial viability of some airlines and regions.
The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand: economic growth, increasing propensity to travel due to increased trade, globalization and improved airline services driven by liberalization of air traffic rights between countries. Our Commercial Market Outlook forecast projects a 3.2% growth rate in the global fleet over a 20-year period. Based on long-term global economic growth projections of 2.6% in average annual gross domestic product, we project demand for approximately 43,975 new airplanes over the next 20 years. The industry remains vulnerable to exogenous developments including fuel price spikes, potential new or increased tariffs, changing energy policies, credit market shocks, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, conflicts, epidemics, pandemics and increased global environmental regulations.
At BDS, we continue to see stable demand reflecting the important role our products and services have in ensuring our national security. Outside of the U.S., we are seeing similar solid demand as governments prioritize security, defense technology and global cooperation given evolving threats. We continue to experience production disruptions and inefficiencies due to technical challenges, supplier disruption and factory performance. These factors have contributed to significant earnings charges on fixed-price development programs as well as on a number of mature programs which are continuing to adversely affect margins and cash flows.
At BGS, we expect commercial revenues to remain strong in future quarters as the commercial airline industry has largely recovered and transitions to growth. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable.
25
Table of Contents
Consolidated Results of Operations
The following table summarizes key indicators of consolidated results of operations:
(1)
These measures exclude certain components of pension and other postretirement benefit expense. See pages 46 - 48 for important information about these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.
Revenues
The following table summarizes Revenues:
Revenues decreased by $11,277 million in 2024 compared with 2023 driven by lower revenues at BCA and BDS, partially offset by higher revenues at BGS. BCA revenues decreased by $11,040 million primarily driven by lower deliveries across all programs and 737-9 customer considerations related to the January 2024 grounding. BDS revenues decreased by $1,015 million primarily due