cost-type programs typically have award or incentive fees that are subject to uncertainty and may be earned over extended periods. In these cases the associated financial risks are primarily reduced award or incentive fees, lower profit rates or program cancellation if cost, schedule or technical performance issues arise. Examples of programs with cost-type contracts include Ground-based Midcourse Defense, Proprietary and Space Launch System programs.
We enter into contracts that include in-orbit incentive payments that subject us to risks.
Contracts in the commercial satellite industry and certain government satellite contracts include in-orbit incentive payments. These in-orbit payments may be paid over time after final satellite acceptance or paid in full prior to final satellite acceptance. In both cases, the in-orbit incentive payment is at risk if the satellite does not perform to specifications for up to 15 years after acceptance. The net present value of in-orbit incentive fees we ultimately expect to realize is recognized as revenue in the construction period. If the satellite fails to meet contractual performance criteria, customers will not be obligated to continue making in-orbit payments and/or we may be required to provide refunds to the customer and incur significant charges.
Risks Related to Technology, Security and Business Disruptions
Managing a complex, global IT infrastructure exposes us to a variety of risks that could negatively impact our business.
Our company runs on a complex global technology infrastructure consisting of millions of physical and digital systems dispersed around the world and managed by different parts of the business. This decentralized model exposes us to a variety of risks. For example, integrating and maintaining interoperability across numerous, geographically dispersed systems may result in inefficiencies, increased costs, and operational disruptions. Further, ineffective monitoring or inconsistent policies across systems may result in errors, fraud, or noncompliance with regulatory requirements. Decentralized systems also may increase the risk of unauthorized access, data breaches, or
14
Table of Contents
noncompliance with data privacy laws and other regulatory requirements governing the handling and control of sensitive data.
Compromised or unauthorized access of our, our customers’ and/or our suppliers’ systems or data could negatively impact our business.
We face various cybersecurity threats, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems and networks, denial-of-service attacks, threats to our information technology infrastructure, ransomware and phishing attacks, and attempts to gain unauthorized access to our company-, customer- and employee-sensitive information. These threats come from a variety of actors some of which are highly organized and sophisticated such as nation-state actors and criminal enterprises. In addition, the techniques used in cyberattacks evolve rapidly,