Estimation of the accounting quantity for a program takes into account several factors including firm orders, letters of intent from prospective customers and market studies. In addition, on development programs such as the 777X, 737-7 and 737-10, we are subject to risks with respect to the timing and conditions of aircraft certification, including potential gaps between when aircraft are certified in various jurisdictions, changes in certification processes and our estimates with respect to the timing of future certifications, which could have an impact on overall program status. Any such change in estimates relating to program accounting may adversely affect future financial performance.
Because of the significance of the judgments and estimation processes described above, materially different revenues and profit amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions, revised our estimates, or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may adversely affect future period financial performance. For additional information on our accounting policies for recognizing sales and profits, see our discussion under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Critical
11
Table of Contents
Accounting Estimates – Accounting for Long-term Contracts/Program Accounting” on pages 49 - 51 and Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 60 - 70 of this Form 10-K.
Our pending acquisition of Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (Spirit) subjects us to various risks and uncertainties, including risks that we may not complete the acquisition or realize the anticipated benefits in the expected timeframe or at all.
On June 30, 2024, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (Merger Agreement) to acquire Spirit in an all-stock transaction that will include the assumption of Spirit's net debt at closing. Completion of our acquisition of Spirit is subject to a number of conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement. On January 31, 2025, Spirit’s stockholders approved the Merger Agreement and the related transactions. Some of the remaining conditions, such as certain regulatory approvals and the ability of Spirit to enter into definitive agreements relating to the disposition of Spirit operations related to certain Airbus commercial work packages and consummate the related transactions, are beyond our control, which make the completion of our acquisition of Spirit (and the timing thereof) uncertain. In addition, if Spirit or Boeing exercise certain termination rights included in the Merger Agreement, the acquisition will not be consummated. Furthermore, the governmental authorities from which regulatory approvals related to the acquisition are required may impose burdensome or unacceptable conditions on the completion of the acquisition, require changes to the terms of the Merger Agreement, or prevent or delay the consummation of the