primarily to reflect higher estimated supplier costs related to future production lots. The higher estimated supplier costs were based on our updated assessment that previously assumed cost estimates are not projected to be realized in the current environment based on ongoing contracting activity and discussions with suppliers. The revised estimates include priced options or not-to-exceed pricing for contractually committed suppliers and escalated current prices for uncontracted work. We also provisioned for a supplier not fulfilling their contractual requirements, and for certain equipment no longer assumed to be customer-furnished for certain production lots. During the fourth quarter of 2024, we further increased the reach-forward loss by $
490
primarily reflecting increased supplier pricing based on new pricing proposals and supplier negotiations. The fourth quarter charge also includes higher costs to complete the flight test program to achieve final certification. At December 31, 2024, we had approximately $
315
of capitalized precontract costs and $
632
of potential termination liabilities to suppliers related to certain long-lead items for the first 4 production lots. Risk remains that we may record additional losses in future periods.
Commercial Crew
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration has contracted us to design and build the CST-100 Starliner spacecraft to transport crews to the International Space Station (ISS) and in the second quarter of 2022, we successfully completed the uncrewed Orbital Flight Test. During 2023, we
90
Table of
Contents
increased the reach-forward loss by $
288
primarily as a result of delaying the Crewed Flight Test (CFT) following notification by a parachute supplier of an issue identified through testing. The CFT launched on June 5, 2024, and docked with the ISS. The Starliner spacecraft had a minimum mission duration of 8 days. Its return to Earth was delayed to allow time to perform further testing of propulsion system anomalies and returned to Earth uncrewed in September 2024. During 2024, we increased the reach-forward loss by $
523
primarily to reflect schedule delays and higher testing and certification costs as well as higher costs for post certification missions. At December 31, 2024, we had approximately $
398
of capitalized precontract costs and $
150
of potential termination liabilities to suppliers related to unauthorized future missions. Risk remains that we may record additional losses in future periods.
Severance
During the fourth quarter of 2024, we announced plans to reduce our overall workforce. As a result, we recorded $
295
of severance benefits payable to employees expected to leave the Company through involuntary terminations by the first half of 2025. The severance packages are consistent with our ongoing compensation and benefits plans. The remaining liability at December 31, 2024, was $
287
.
Note 15 –
Arrangements with Off-Balance Sheet Risk
We enter into arrangements