dividends accumulated during the period and earnings available to participating securities, divided by the basic weighted average common shares outstanding.
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by taking net earnings attributable to Boeing shareholders, less Mandatory convertible preferred stock dividends accumulated during the period and earnings available to participating securities, divided by the diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding is calculated using the treasury stock method for share-based compensation awards and the if-converted method for Mandatory convertible preferred stock.
The elements used in the computation of Basic and Diluted loss per share were as follows:
(1)
Participating securities include certain instruments in our deferred compensation plan.
The following table represents potential common shares that were not included in the computation of Diluted loss per share because the effect was antidilutive based on their strike price or the performance condition was not met.
9
Table of Contents
In addition, potential common shares of
37.1
million and
3.1
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were excluded from the computation of Diluted loss per share, because the effect would have been antidilutive as a result of incurring a net loss in those periods.
Note 4 –
Income Taxes
Our effective tax rates were
140.8
% and
6.1
% for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. The effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025, primarily reflects an increase in the domestic income tax valuation allowance treated as a discrete expense.
As of December 31, 2024, we had recorded valuation allowances of $
7,837
primarily for certain domestic deferred tax assets, and certain domestic net operating losses, tax credits and interest carryforwards. To measure the valuation allowance, the Company estimated in what year each of its deferred tax assets and liabilities would reverse using systematic and logical methods to estimate the reversal patterns. The valuation allowance results from not having sufficient income from deferred tax liability reversals in the appropriate future periods to support the realization of deferred tax assets.
Federal income tax audits have been settled for all years prior to 2021. We expect the next cycle to cover the 2021-2023 tax years; however, the Internal Revenue Service has not confirmed a start date. We are also subject to examination in major state and international jurisdictions for the 2010-2023 tax years. We believe appropriate provisions for all outstanding tax issues have been made for all jurisdictions and all open years.
Note 5 –
Allowances for Losses on Financial Assets
The changes in allowances for expected credit losses for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, consisted of the following:
10
Table of Contents
Note 6 –
Inventories
Inventories consisted of the following:
(1)
Capitalized