offset and are priced at prevailing market prices. We also hold certain foreign currency forward contracts and commodity swaps which do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment.
Notional Amounts and Fair Values
The notional amounts and fair values of derivative instruments in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position were as follows:
(1)
Notional amounts represent the gross contract/notional amount of the derivatives outstanding.
Gains/(losses) associated with our hedging transactions and forward points recognized in Other comprehensive income/(loss) are presented in the following table:
(Losses)/gains associated with our hedging transactions and forward points reclassified from AOCI to earnings are presented in the following table:
21
Table of Contents
Gains/(losses) related to undesignated derivatives on foreign exchange and commodity cash flow hedging transactions recognized in Other income, net were insignificant for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Based on our portfolio of cash flow hedges, we expect to reclassify losses of $
50
(pre-tax) out of AOCI into earnings during the next 12 months.
We have derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features. If we default on our
five-year
credit facilities, our derivative counterparties could require settlement for foreign exchange and certain commodity contracts with original maturities of at least
five years
. The fair value of those contracts in a net liability position at March 31, 2025 was $
14
. For other particular commodity contracts, our counterparties could require collateral posted in an amount determined by our credit ratings. At March 31, 2025, there was no collateral posted related to our derivatives.
Note 16 –
Fair Value Measurements
The fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value. Level 1 refers to fair values determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. Level 2 refers to fair values estimated using significant other observable inputs, and Level 3 includes fair values estimated using significant unobservable inputs.
The following table presents our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy.
Money market funds, available-for-sale debt investments and equity securities are valued using a market approach based on the quoted market prices or broker/dealer quotes of identical or comparable instruments.
Derivatives include foreign currency and commodity contracts. Our foreign currency forward contracts are valued using an income approach based on the present value of the forward rate less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount. Commodity derivatives are valued using an income approach based on the present value of the commodity index prices less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount.
22
Table of Contents
Certain assets have been measured