supplier performance trends, production quality, labor instability, supply chain delays and quality issues, learning curve, change incorporation, rework or safety enhancements, regulatory requirements, flight test and certification requirements and schedules, performance or reliability issues involving completed aircraft, customer and/or supplier claims or assertions, asset utilization, anticipated labor agreements, and inflationary or deflationary trends. Certain production rate increases require regulatory approval. For example, during 2024, the FAA communicated it will not approve production rate increases for the 737 program beyond 38 per month or additional production lines until
Boeing has complied with required quality and safety standards.
If we are unable to increase production rates consistent with our assumptions, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially impacted.
The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives, such as the 777X, 737-7 and 737-10, involves increased risks associated with meeting development, certification, and production schedules.
These challenges include significant global regulatory scrutiny of all development aircraft. We have experienced significant certification delays with the 777X, 737-7 and 737-10 aircraft. As a result, our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards and achieve or maintain, as applicable, program profitability is subject to significant risks. We are following the lead of the FAA as we work through the certification processes for the 777X, 737-7 and 737-10 models and the ultimate timing will be determined by the regulators.
To ensure reliability in our estimates, we employ a rigorous estimating process that is reviewed and updated on a quarterly basis. This includes reassessing the accounting quantity. Changes in estimates of program gross profit margins are normally recognized on a prospective basis; however, when estimated costs to complete a program plus costs already included in inventory exceed estimated revenues from the program, a loss is recorded in the current period. Reductions to the estimated loss are included in the gross profit margin for undelivered units in the accounting quantity whereas increases to the estimated loss are recorded as an earnings charge in the period in which the loss is determined.
The 777X and 767 programs recognized earnings charges totaling $3,499 million and $580 million during the year ended December 31, 2024. Adverse changes to the revenue and/or cost estimates for these programs could result in further earnings charges in future periods. Lower production rates and the IAM 751 work stoppage and new agreement as well as pay enhancements for certain other non-union employees have also pressured margins on other commercial airplane programs.
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process described above, it is reasonably possible that changes in underlying