scheduled to become due over the next three years, and our airplane financing commitments totaled $17.1 billion. In addition, we will assume Spirit’s net debt upon the closing of our acquisition of Spirit, which is expected to occur later this year. We also expect to require up to $345 million of cash per year for the payment of dividends on the outstanding shares of our 6.00% Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (Mandatory convertible preferred stock), through the mandatory conversion date of October 15, 2027. Dividends accumulate at a rate per annum equal to 6.00% on the liquidation preference thereof, which is $1,000.00 per share, payable when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors. The dividends, if declared, can be paid in cash, or subject to certain limitations, in shares of our common stock, or a combination of both. Any unpaid dividends will continue to accumulate. If dividends have not been declared and paid for six or more dividend periods, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods, the holders of such shares of Mandatory convertible preferred stock, will be entitled at our next annual or special meeting of shareholders to vote for the election of two additional members of our Board of Directors, subject to certain limitations. If we require additional capital to support our operations, pay off existing debt, address impacts to our business related to market developments, fund dividend payments or outstanding financing commitments or meet other business requirements, we may need to refinance or restructure our debt, reduce or delay capital investments, or issue equity, equity-linked or debt securities, and these activities could have terms that are unfavorable or could be dilutive. If we are unable to access the capital or financial markets at competitive rates, on terms acceptable to us or in sufficient amounts, or if we experience an increase in our borrowing costs or otherwise fail to manage our liquidity effectively, our business, financial position and results of operations would be adversely affected.
We have in the past experienced and could in the future experience further downgrades in our credit ratings. Any such downgrades, as well as other factors including disruptions or declines in the global capital markets, a decline in our financial performance or outlook, a delay in our ability to ramp up production and deliveries, and changes in demand for our products and services, could increase the cost of borrowing, jeopardize our ability to incur debt on terms acceptable to us, and negatively impact our access to the capital and financial markets and our ability to fund our operations and commitments. We cannot be assured that we will be able to maintain an investment grade rating, and any additional actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under further review for a downgrade, may impact us in a similar manner and have a negative