2025 we were in full compliance with all covenants contained in our debt and credit facility agreements.
We currently maintain investment grade credit ratings across all three credit rating agencies. At Moody's we are rated Baa3 with a negative outlook. At Fitch, we are rated BBB- with a negative outlook. At S&P, we are rated BBB- with a credit watch negative.
We expect to be able to access capital markets when we require additional funding to support our operations, pay off existing debt, address impacts to our business related to market developments, fund outstanding financing commitments or meet other business requirements; however, a number of factors could increase the cost of borrowing, jeopardize our ability to incur debt on terms acceptable to us, and negatively impact our access to the capital and financial markets and our ability to fund our operations
46
Table of Contents
and commitments. These factors include further downgrades in our credit ratings, disruptions or declines in the global capital markets, a decline in our financial performance or outlook, a delay in our ability to ramp up production and deliveries, and changes in demand for our products and services. The occurrence of any or all of these events may adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and financing or contractual commitments. See “Risks Related to Financing and Liquidity” under “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Any future borrowings may affect our credit ratings and are subject to various debt covenants. The most restrictive covenants include a limitation on mortgage debt and sale and leaseback transactions as a percentage of consolidated net tangible assets (as defined in the credit agreements), and a limitation on consolidated debt as a percentage of total capital (as defined in the credit agreements). When considering debt covenants, we continue to have substantial borrowing capacity.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We are a party to certain off-balance sheet arrangements including certain guarantees. For discussion of these arrangements, see Note 11 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
Contingent Obligations
We have significant contingent obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business, which include the following:
Legal
Various legal proceedings, claims and investigations are pending against us. Legal contingencies are discussed in Note 17 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
Environmental Remediation
We are involved with various environmental remediation activities and have recorded a liability of $855 million at March 31, 2025. For additional information, see Note 10 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
Non-GAAP Measures
Core Operating Earnings/(Loss), Core Operating Margins and Core Earnings/(Loss) Per Share
Our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United