contracts, including the impact of estimated losses on unexercised options, increased Loss from operations by $6,562 million, $2,943 million and $5,253 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and were primarily due to losses recognized on the KC-46A Tanker, T-7A Red Hawk, Commercial Crew, VC-25B, and MQ-25 programs. These are all fixed-price development programs, and there is ongoing risk that similar losses may have to be recognized in future periods on these and/or other programs.
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process described above, it is likely that materially different earnings could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. For example, changes in underlying operational assumptions, inability to implement planned risk mitigation plans, failure to achieve productivity targets, supplier shortages, quality issues and/or pricing issues, inflationary trends, or other circumstances may adversely affect financial performance in future periods. If the combined gross margins for our profitable long-term contracts had been estimated to be higher or lower by 1% during 2024, it would have increased or decreased pre-tax income for the year by approximately $290 million.
Program Accounting
Program accounting requires the demonstrated ability to reliably estimate revenues, costs and gross profit margin for the defined program accounting quantity. A program consists of the estimated number
49
Table of Contents
of units (accounting quantity) of a product to be produced in a continuing, long-term production effort for delivery under existing and anticipated contracts. The determination of the accounting quantity is limited by the ability to make reasonably dependable estimates.
Factors that must be estimated include program accounting quantity, sales price, production rates, labor and employee benefit costs, material costs, procured part costs, major component costs, overhead costs, program tooling and other non-recurring costs, and warranty costs. Estimation of the accounting quantity for each program takes into account several factors that are indicative of the demand for the particular program, such as firm orders, letters of intent from prospective customers and market studies. Total estimated program sales are determined by estimating the model mix and sales price for all unsold units within the accounting quantity, added together with the sales prices for all undelivered units under contract. The sales prices for all undelivered units within the accounting quantity include an escalation adjustment for inflation that is updated quarterly, as well as customer consideration driven by delivery delays. Cost estimates are based largely on negotiated and anticipated contracts with suppliers, historical performance trends, and business base and other economic projections. Factors that influence these estimates include the timing of production rate increases, internal and