adjustment is excluded from Core operating loss (non-GAAP).
(2)
Non-operating pension and postretirement income represents the components of net periodic benefit costs/(income) other than service cost/(income). This income is included in Other income, net and is excluded from Core loss per share (non-GAAP).
(3)
The income tax impact is calculated using the U.S. corporate statutory tax rate.
48
Table of Contents
Critical Accounting Estimates
Accounting for Long-term Contracts
Substantially all contracts at BDS and certain contracts at BGS are long-term contracts. Our long-term contracts typically represent a single distinct performance obligation due to the highly interdependent and interrelated nature of the underlying goods and/or services and the significant service of integration that we provide.
Accounting for long-term contracts involves a judgmental process of estimating the total revenue, costs, and profit for each performance obligation. Cost of sales is recognized as incurred, and revenue is determined by adding a proportionate amount of the estimated profit to the amount reported as cost of sales.
Due to the size, duration and nature of many of our long-term contracts, the estimation of total revenues and costs through completion is complicated and subject to many variables. Total revenue estimates are based on negotiated contract prices and quantities, modified by our assumptions regarding contract options, change orders, incentive and award fee provisions associated with technical performance, and price adjustment clauses (such as inflation or index-based clauses). The majority of these long-term contracts are with the U.S. government where the price is generally based on the estimated cost to produce the product or service plus profit. Federal Acquisition Regulations provide guidance on the types of cost that will be reimbursed in establishing contract price. Total cost estimates are largely based on negotiated or estimated purchase contract terms, historical performance trends, business base and other economic projections. Factors that influence these estimates include inflationary trends, technical and schedule risk, internal and supplier performance trends, production quality, labor instability, supply chain delays and quality issues, business volume assumptions, asset utilization, and anticipated labor agreements.
Revenue and cost estimates for all significant long-term contract performance obligations are reviewed and reassessed quarterly. Changes in these estimates could result in recognition of cumulative catch-up adjustments to the contract’s inception to date revenues, cost of sales and profit in the period in which such changes are made. Changes in revenue and cost estimates could also result in a reach-forward loss or an adjustment to a reach-forward loss which would be recorded immediately in earnings. Net cumulative catch-up adjustments for changes in estimated revenues and costs at completion across all long-term