liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our affairs.
Our common stock ranks junior to the Mandatory convertible preferred stock with respect to the payment of dividends and amounts payable in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our affairs. This means that, unless accumulated dividends have been paid or set aside for payment on all the outstanding Mandatory convertible preferred stock through the most recently completed dividend period, no dividends may be declared or paid on our common stock subject to limited exceptions. Likewise, in the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our affairs, no distribution of our assets may be made to holders of our common stock until we have paid to holders of the Mandatory convertible preferred stock a liquidation preference equal to $1,000.00 per share plus accumulated and unpaid dividends.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy
Our cybersecurity strategy prioritizes detection, analysis and response to known, anticipated or unexpected threats; effective management of security risks; and resiliency against incidents.
Our cybersecurity risk management processes include technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems, employee training, contractual arrangements, tools and related services from third-party providers, and management oversight to assess, identify and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats.
We implement risk-based controls to protect our information, the information of our customers, suppliers, and other third parties, our information systems, our business operations, and our products and related services. We have adopted security-control principles based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework, other industry-recognized standards, and contractual requirements, as applicable. We also leverage government partnerships, industry and government associations, third-party benchmarking, the results from regular internal and third-party audits, threat intelligence feeds, and other similar resources to inform our cybersecurity processes and allocate resources.
19
Table of Contents
We maintain security programs that include physical, administrative and technical safeguards, and we maintain plans and procedures whose objective is to help us prevent and timely and effectively respond to cybersecurity threats or incidents. Through our cybersecurity risk management process, we continuously monitor cybersecurity vulnerabilities and potential attack vectors to company systems as well as our aerospace products and services, and we evaluate the potential operational and financial effects of any threat and of cybersecurity countermeasures made to defend against such threats. We continue to integrate our cyber practice into our Enterprise Risk Management program and our Compliance Risk Management program, both of