we determine the transaction price based on the consideration expected to be received. The spare parts have discrete unit prices that represent fair value. We generally consider each spare part to be a separate performance obligation. Revenue is recognized for each commercial spare part performance obligation at the point in time of delivery to the customer. We may provide our customers with a right to return a commercial spare part where a customer may receive a full or partial refund, a credit applied to amounts owed, a different product in exchange, or any combination of these items. We consider the potential for customer returns in the estimated transaction price. The amount reported as cost of sales is recorded at average cost. Payments for commercial spare parts sales are typically received shortly after delivery.
Other service revenue contracts
Certain contracts at our BGS segment are for sales of services to commercial customers including maintenance, training, data analytics and information-based services. We recognize revenue for these service performance obligations over time as the services are rendered. The method of measuring progress (such as straight-line or billable amount) varies depending upon which method best depicts the transfer of control to the customer based on the type of service performed. Cost of sales is recorded as incurred.
Concession sharing arrangements
We account for sales concessions to our customers in consideration of their purchase of products and services as a reduction of the transaction price and the revenue that is recognized for the related performance obligations. The sales concessions incurred may be partially reimbursed by certain suppliers in accordance with concession sharing arrangements. We record these reimbursements, which are presumed to represent reductions in the price of the vendor’s products or services, as a reduction in Cost of products.
Unbilled receivables and advances and progress billings
Unbilled receivables (contract assets) arise when the Company recognizes revenue for amounts which cannot yet be billed under terms of the contract with the customer. Advances and progress billings (contract liabilities) arise when the Company receives payments from customers in advance of recognizing revenue. The amount of Unbilled receivables or Advances and progress billings is determined for each contract.
Financial services revenue
We record financial services revenue associated with sales-type leases, operating leases and loans in Sales of services on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For sales-type leases, we recognize selling profit or loss at lease inception if collection of the lease payments is probable. For sales-type leases, we record financing receivables at lease inception. A financing receivable is recorded at the aggregate of future lease payments, estimated residual value of the leased equipment, and any deferred incremental direct costs less unearned income. Income is