deliveries based on delivery delays. Delays on the 737, 777X and 787 programs have resulted in, and may continue to result in, customers having the right to terminate orders, be compensated for late deliveries and/or substitute orders for other Boeing aircraft.
We must minimize disruption caused by production changes, achieve operational stability and implement productivity improvements in order to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability.
We have previously announced plans to adjust production rates on several of our commercial aircraft programs. In addition, we continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs, identifying and implementing productivity improvements and optimizing how we manage inventory. If production rate changes at any of our commercial aircraft assembly facilities are delayed or create significant disruption to our production system, or if our suppliers cannot timely deliver components that comply with design specifications to us at the cost and rates necessary to achieve our targets, we may be unable to meet delivery schedules and/or the financial performance of one or more of our programs may suffer.
Operational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft programs could result in additional production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, either of which would negatively impact our revenues and operating margins.
Our commercial aircraft production system is extremely complex. Operational issues, including delivery and/or certification delays or defects in supplier components, failure to meet internal performance plans, or delays or failures to achieve required regulatory approval, results in additional out-of-sequence work and increased production costs, as well as delayed deliveries to customers, impacts to aircraft performance and/or increased warranty or fleet support costs. We and our suppliers are experiencing supply chain disruptions and constraints, labor instability and inflationary pressures. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain. These factors have and may continue to reduce overall productivity and adversely impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
7
Table of Contents
If our commercial aircraft fail to satisfy performance and reliability requirements and/or potentially required sustainability standards, we could face additional costs and/or lower revenues.
Developing and manufacturing commercial aircraft that meet or exceed our performance and reliability standards and/or potentially required sustainability standards, as well as those of customers and regulatory agencies, is costly and technologically challenging. These challenges are particularly significant with newer aircraft programs. Any failure of any Boeing aircraft to satisfy performance or reliability requirements could result in