business segments. Core earnings/(loss) per share excludes both the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment and non-operating pension and postretirement income. Non-operating pension and postretirement income represents the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. Pension costs, comprising service and prior service costs computed in accordance with GAAP are allocated to BCA and certain BGS businesses supporting commercial customers. Pension costs allocated to BDS and BGS businesses supporting government customers are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions
46
Table of Contents
and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid.
The Pension FAS/CAS service cost adjustments recognized in Loss from operations were benefits of $811 million in 2024, $799 million in 2023 and $849 million in 2022. The higher benefits in 2024 were primarily due to increases in allocated pension cost year over year, while the lower benefits in 2023 were primarily due to reductions in allocated pension cost year over year. The non-operating pension income included in Other income, net was $476 million in 2024, $529 million in 2023 and $881 million in 2022. The lower benefits in 2024 were primarily due to lower expected return on plan assets and higher amortization of net actuarial losses, partially offset by lower interest costs. The lower benefits in 2023 were primarily due to higher interest costs and lower expected return on plan assets, offset by lower amortization of net actuarial losses. For further discussion of pension and other postretirement costs, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on page 28 of this Form 10-K and see Note 23 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Management uses Core operating earnings/(loss), Core operating margins and Core earnings/(loss) per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. Management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as unallocated pension and other postretirement benefit costs primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to U.S. government contracts.
47
Table of Contents
Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures to GAAP Measures
The table below reconciles the non-GAAP financial measures of Core operating loss, Core operating margins and Core loss per share with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures of Loss from operations, Operating margins and Diluted loss per share.
(1)
FAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the FAS pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. This