variety of market risks. For our cash flow hedges, the derivative’s gain or loss is initially reported in comprehensive income and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the same period(s) during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings.
We have agreements to purchase and sell aluminum to address long-term strategic sourcing objectives and non-U.S. business requirements. We also hold certain other derivative instruments for economic purposes. These aluminum purchase and sale agreements and other derivative instruments are derivatives for accounting purposes but are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. For these aluminum agreements and other derivative instruments not designated for hedge accounting treatment, the changes in their fair value are recorded in earnings immediately.
68
Table of
Contents
Allowances for Losses on Certain Financial Assets
We establish allowances for credit losses on accounts receivable, unbilled receivables, financing receivables and certain other financial assets. The adequacy of these allowances is assessed quarterly through consideration of factors such as customer credit ratings, bankruptcy filings, published or estimated credit default rates, age of the receivable, expected loss rates and collateral exposures. Collateral exposure is the excess of the carrying value of a financial asset over the fair value of the related collateral. We determine the creditworthiness of our customers by assigning internal credit ratings based upon publicly available information and information obtained directly from the customers. Our rating categories are comparable to those used by major credit rating agencies.
Financing receivables are collateralized by security in the related asset. We use a median calculated from published collateral values from multiple third-party aircraft value publications based on the type and age of the aircraft to determine the fair value of aircraft collateral. Under certain circumstances, we apply judgment based on the attributes of the specific aircraft or equipment, usually when the features or use of the aircraft vary significantly from the more generic aircraft attributes covered by outside publications.
We have entered into agreements with certain customers and suppliers to whom we have provided financing that would entitle us to look beyond the specific collateral underlying the receivable for purposes of determining the collateral exposure. Should the proceeds from the sale of the underlying collateral asset resulting from a default condition be insufficient to cover the carrying value of our receivable (creating a shortfall condition), these agreements would, for example, permit us to take the actions necessary to sell or retain certain other assets in which the customer or supplier has an equity interest and use the proceeds to cover the shortfall.
Commercial Aircraft Trade-in Commitments
In conjunction with signing a definitive agreement for the sale of new