acquisition. If the acquisition is not completed, our ongoing business may be adversely affected and we will be subject to a number of risks, including expenditure of time and resources, negative reactions from stakeholders, and potential stock price fluctuations. If we are successful in completing the acquisition, we will be subject to other risks, including those related to the assumption of Spirit's net debt and other obligations at closing, which could adversely impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Difficulties in integrating Spirit may result in the failure to realize anticipated benefits of the acquisition (including anticipated synergies and quality improvements) in the expected timeframe or at all, as well as operational challenges, the diversion of management’s attention from other ongoing business concerns, and unforeseen expenses, which may have an adverse impact on our operations and our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. For additional information on the acquisition, see Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
We may not realize the anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures/strategic alliances or divestitures.
As part of our business strategy, we may merge with or acquire businesses and/or form joint ventures and strategic alliances. Whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these acquisitions, including our acquisition of Spirit, and related activities depends, in part, upon our ability to integrate the operations of the acquired business, the performance of the underlying product and service portfolio, and the performance of the management team and other personnel of the acquired operations. Accordingly, our financial results could be adversely affected by unanticipated performance issues, legacy liabilities, cybersecurity issues or vulnerabilities, transaction-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles, charges for impairment of long-term assets, credit guarantees, partner performance and indemnifications. Consolidations of joint ventures could also impact our reported results of operations or financial position. We also may make strategic divestitures from time to time. These transactions may result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements, following the transaction. Nonperformance by those divested businesses could affect our future financial results through additional payment obligations, higher costs or asset write-downs.
12
Table of Contents
Risks Related to Our Contracts
We conduct a significant portion of our business pursuant to U.S. government contracts, which are subject to unique risks.
In 2024, 42% of our revenues were earned pursuant to U.S. government contracts, which include Foreign Military Sales (FMS) through the U.S. government. Business conducted pursuant to such contracts is subject to extensive procurement regulations