government to assess the merits of claims and where appropriate reserve for amounts disputed. If we are unable to satisfactorily resolve disputed costs, we could be required to record an earnings charge and/or provide refunds to the U.S. government. In March 2025, the U.S. Air Force (USAF) announced that Boeing has been awarded a contract to design, build and deliver the F-47, its next-generation fighter aircraft. We are making certain capital expenditures that have risk for impairment pending completion of the source selection and evaluation review process for the next-generation fighter aircraft. Total capital investment was approximately $
500
at March 31, 2025.
Fixed-Price Contracts
Long-term contracts that are contracted on a fixed-price basis could result in losses in future periods. Certain of the fixed-price contracts are for the development of new products, services and related technologies. Estimating the cost and time for us and our suppliers to complete these contracts is inherently uncertain due to operational and technical complexities. This uncertainty requires us to make significant judgments and assumptions about future operational and technical performance, and the outcome of customer and/or supplier contractual negotiations. The risk that actual performance, technical or contractual outcomes could be different than those previously assumed creates financial risk that could trigger additional material earnings charges, termination provisions, order cancellations, or other financially significant exposure.
VC-25B Presidential Aircraft
The Company’s firm fixed-price contract for the Engineering and Manufacturing Development (EMD) effort on the USAF's VC-25B Presidential Aircraft, commonly known as Air Force One, is a $
4
billion program to develop and modify
two
747-8 commercial aircraft. During 2024, we increased the reach-forward loss on the contract by $
379
. We are continuing to work with the customer to reset the schedule as they adjust requirements. Risk remains that we may record additional losses in future periods.
KC-46A Tanker
In 2011, we were awarded a contract from the USAF to design, develop, manufacture, and deliver
four
next-generation aerial refueling tankers as well as priced options for
13
annual production lots totaling
179
aircraft. Since 2016, the USAF has authorized
11
low rate initial production (LRIP) lots for a total of
154
aircraft. The EMD contract and authorized LRIP lots total approximately $
29
billion as of March 31, 2025. The KC-46A Tanker is a derivative of the 767 commercial airplane program with the majority of the manufacturing costs being incurred in the 767 factory and the remaining costs being incurred in the military finishing and delivery centers. During 2024, we increased the reach-forward loss on the KC-46A
16
Table of Contents
Tanker program by $
2,002
. As of March 31, 2025, we had approximately $
107
of capitalized precontract costs and $
183
of potential termination liabilities to