Statements. See Note 23 for further segment results.
59
Table of
Contents
The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
(Dollars in millions, except otherwise stated)
Note 1 –
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation
The Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report have been prepared by management of The Boeing Company (herein referred to as “Boeing,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our”). These statements include the accounts of all majority-owned subsidiaries and variable interest entities that are required to be consolidated. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. As described in Note 23, we operate in
three
reportable segments: Commercial Airplanes (BCA), Defense, Space & Security (BDS), and Global Services (BGS). We added a new financial statement line item to the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for cash invested in Supplier notes receivable and reclassified the corresponding amounts in the prior period financial statements to conform to the current period presentation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Operating Cycle
For classification of certain current assets and liabilities, we use the duration of the related contract or program as our operating cycle, which is generally longer than one year.
Revenue and Related Cost Recognition
Commercial aircraft contracts
The majority of our BCA segment revenue is derived from commercial aircraft contracts. For each contract, we determine the transaction price based on the consideration expected to be received. We allocate the transaction price to each commercial aircraft performance obligation based on relative standalone selling prices adjusted by an escalation formula as specified in the customer agreement. Revenue is recognized for each commercial aircraft performance obligation at the point in time when the aircraft is completed and accepted by the customer. We use program accounting to determine the amount reported as cost of sales.
Payments for commercial aircraft sales are received in accordance with the customer agreement, which generally includes a deposit upon order and additional payments in accordance with a payment schedule, with the balance being due immediately prior to or at aircraft delivery. Advances and progress billings (contract liabilities) are normal and customary for commercial aircraft contracts and not considered a significant financing component as they are