represent a key component of our commercial aircraft backlog. Overall, the U.S.-China trade relationship remains stalled as economic and national security concerns continue to be a challenge.
We seek to comply with all U.S. and other government export control restrictions and sanctions. We continue to monitor and evaluate additional sanctions and export restrictions that may be imposed by the U.S. Government or other governments, as well as any responses that could affect our supply chain, business partners or customers, for any additional impacts to our business.
Supply Chain
We and our suppliers are experiencing inflationary pressures, as well as supply chain disruptions as a result of global supply chain constraints and labor instability. Certain of our suppliers are also experiencing financial difficulties. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain. These factors have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. During 2024, we recorded a reach-forward loss of $
1,770
million on the T-7A Red Hawk program that was primarily driven by projected increases in supplier cost estimates. In addition, we recorded losses on the KC-46A Tanker and Commercial Crew programs that were partially attributable to higher supplier costs.
Segment Results of Operations and Financial Condition
Commercial Airplanes
Business Environment and Trends
Airline Industry Environment
See Overview to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the airline industry environment.
Industry Competitiveness
The commercial aircraft market and the airline industry both remain extremely competitive. Continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. Approximately 80% of BCA’s total backlog, in dollar terms, is with non-U.S. airlines. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share. They offer competitive products and have access to most of the same customers and suppliers. This market environment has resulted in intense pressures on pricing and other competitive factors, and we expect these pressures to continue or intensify in the coming years.
32
Table of Contents
Results of Operations
Revenues
BCA revenues decreased by $11,040 million in 2024 compared with 2023 primarily due to lower deliveries across all programs and 737-9 customer considerations related to the January 2024 grounding.
BCA revenues increased by $7,875 million in 2023 compared with 2022 primarily due to higher 787 deliveries in 2023.
BCA deliveries, including intercompany deliveries, as of December 31 were as follows:
*
Intercompany deliveries identified by parentheses
Loss From Operations
BCA loss from operations was $7,969 million in 2024 compared with $1,635 million in 2023 reflecting reach-forward losses of $4,079 million on the