18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates such information into future filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Equity Compensation Plan Information
Our equity compensation plans approved by our shareholders provide for the issuance of common stock to officers and other employees, directors and consultants. The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding stock options and stock units, and shares available for future issuance under these plans as of December 31, 2024:
(1)
Includes the employee stock purchase plan and the 2023 Incentive Stock Plan and its predecessor plan.
(2)
Includes 626,326 shares issuable in respect of Performance Restricted Stock Units. The shares included represent the maximum number of shares that may be issued upon vesting if the maximum performance goal is achieved for the three-year performance period.
(3)
Includes 11,405,569 shares issuable under our employee stock purchase plan. There were 73,717 shares subject to purchase under the employee stock purchase plan as of December 31, 2024.
(4)
Excludes shares of common stock that may be offered and sold under our 401(k) Plan.
For further information, see Note 18 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
The additional information required by this item will be included under “Stock Ownership Information” in the 2025 Proxy Statement, and that information is incorporated by reference herein.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this item will be included under “Corporate Governance - Related-Person Transactions,” “Corporate Governance - Director Independence,” and “Corporate Governance - Board Committees” in the 2025 Proxy Statement, and that information is incorporated by reference herein.
131
Table of
Contents
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
Our independent registered public accounting firm is
Deloitte & Touche LLP
(PCAOB ID No.
34
).
The information required by this item will be included under “Ratify the Appointment of Independent Auditor (Item 3) - Independent Auditor Fees” in the 2025 Proxy Statement, and that information is incorporated by reference herein.
PART IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
(a)
List of documents filed as part of this report:
1.
Financial Statements
Our consolidated financial statements are as set forth under Item 8 of this report on Form 10-K.
2.
Financial Statement Schedules
All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information is included in the consolidated financial statements.
3.
Exhibits
132
Table of
Contents
133
Table of
Contents
134
Table of
Contents
135
Table of
Contents
† Certain schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company will provide a copy of omitted schedule to