the U.S. government has licenses in our patents that are developed in performance of government contracts, and it may use or authorize others to use the inventions covered by such patents for government purposes. Unpatented research, development and engineering skills, as well as certain trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights, also make an important contribution to our business. While our intellectual
1
Table of Contents
property rights in the aggregate are important to the operation of each of our businesses, we do not believe that our business would be materially affected by the expiration of any particular intellectual property right or termination of any particular intellectual property patent license agreement.
Human Capital
As of December 31, 2024, Boeing’s total workforce was approximately 172,000 with 15% located outside of the U.S. As of December 31, 2024, our global workforce was comprised of approximately 24% women, and our U.S. workforce was comprised of 39% racial and ethnic minorities and 14% U.S. veterans.
As of December 31, 2024, our workforce included approximately 58,000 union members. Our principal collective bargaining agreements and their current status are summarized in the following table:
Our prior contract with the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers District 751 (IAM 751) expired on September 12, 2024, and 96% of IAM 751 members voted to initiate a strike. The strike lasted until November 4, 2024, when IAM 751 members voted to ratify a new contract. As a result of the strike, we paused production of our commercial aircraft (other than the 787 production in Charleston) and certain of our BDS products, adversely impacting our business and financial position. During the strike, we implemented hiring freezes and announced plans to reduce our overall workforce. For information on risks related to our human capital, see “Risks Related to Our Business and Operations” in Item 1A. Risk Factors.
We are committed to creating a work environment where every teammate around the world can perform at their best and grow their careers while supporting our company’s mission to protect, connect and explore our world and beyond. Our compensation program is designed to attract, reward and retain the best-qualified talent with competitive compensation and benefits, including healthcare, paid time off, parental leave, retirement benefits, tuition assistance, employee skills and leadership development programs, and mental and physical well-being programs. We also invest in rewarding performance and have established a multi-level recognition program to acknowledge the achievements of excellent individual or team performance.
2
Table of Contents
We support our employees’ continuous development of professional, technical and leadership skills through access to digital learning resources and partnerships with leading professional/technical societies and organizations around the world. In 2024,