Our Chief Information Digital Officer and Senior Vice President, Information Technology & Data Analytics (CIDO) and our Chief Security Officer (CSO) provide presentations to the Audit Committee on cybersecurity risks at each of its bimonthly meetings. These briefings include assessments of cyber risks, the threat landscape, updates on incidents, and reports on our investments in cybersecurity risk mitigation and governance. In addition, the Audit Committee has designated one of its members with expertise in cyber risk management to meet regularly with management and review our cybersecurity strategy and key initiatives and progress toward our objectives. In the event of a potentially material cybersecurity event,
20
Table of Contents
the Chair of the Audit Committee is notified and briefed, and meetings of the Audit Committee and/or full Board of Directors would be held, as appropriate. The Aerospace Safety Committee provides oversight of the risks from cybersecurity threats related to our aerospace products and services. The Aerospace Safety Committee receives regular updates and reports from senior management, including the Chief Engineer, the Chief Aerospace Safety Officer, and the Chief Product Security Engineer, who provide briefings on significant cybersecurity threats or incidents that may pose a risk to the safe operation of our aerospace products. Both committees brief the full Board on cybersecurity matters discussed during committee meetings
, and the
CIDO provides annual briefings to the Board on information technology and data analytics related matters, including cybersecurity.
At the management level, we have established a
Global Security Governance Council
(the Council) to further strengthen our cybersecurity risk management activities across the Company, including the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. The Council is responsible for developing and coordinating enterprise cybersecurity policy and strategy, and for providing guidance to key management and oversight bodies.
Trent Cox, Vice President of Product and Business Operations, is serving as our interim CSO. In that role, he chairs the Council and is responsible for overseeing a unified security program that provides cybersecurity, fire and protection operations, physical security, insider threat, and classified security.
Mr. Cox has over 25 years of experience in the aerospace and defense industry, including, prior to joining Boeing in 2024, Chief Information Officer of Raytheon UK, Deputy CIO and Executive Director of Collins Aerospace and Raytheon Intelligence and Space, and Executive Director for Program Execution for the Raytheon Missile Systems businesses. He reports directly to the CIDO and meets regularly with other members of senior management and the Audit Committee.
The Council also includes, among other senior executives, our CIDO, Chief Engineer, Chief Information Officer, Chief Aerospace Safety Officer and Chief Product