commercial aircraft program equals the product of (i) revenue recognized in connection with customer deliveries and (ii) the estimated cost of sales percentage applicable to the total remaining program. For long-term contracts, the amount reported as cost of sales is recognized as incurred. Substantially all contracts at our BDS segment and certain contracts at our BGS segment are long-term contracts with the U.S. government and other customers that generally extend over several years. Cost of sales for commercial spare parts is recorded at average cost.
The following table summarizes cost of sales:
Cost of sales for the three months ended March 31, 2025, increased by $2,386 million, or 16%, compared with the same period in 2024, primarily due to higher revenues at BCA, partially offset by lower volume and the absence of fixed-price development program charges at BDS. Cost of sales as a percentage of Revenues decreased during the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared with the same period in 2024, primarily due to the absence of 737-9 customer considerations at BCA and the absence of charges on BDS fixed-price development programs, partially offset by higher revenues at BCA.
Research and Development
Research and development expense, net is summarized in the following table:
Research and development expense was largely unchanged during the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the same period in 2024.
37
Table of Contents
Backlog
Contractual backlog of unfilled orders excludes purchase options, announced orders for which definitive contracts have not been executed, orders where customers have the unilateral right to terminate, and unobligated U.S. and non-U.S. government contract funding. The increase in contractual backlog during the three months ended March 31, 2025, was primarily due to an increase in BCA and BGS backlog that was partially offset by a decrease in BDS backlog. We may experience reductions to backlog and/or significant order cancellations due to various factors including delivery delays, production disruptions and delays to entry into service of the 777X, 737-7 and/or 737-10.
Unobligated backlog includes U.S. and non-U.S. government definitive contracts for which funding has not been authorized. Unobligated backlog during the three months ended March 31, 2025 was largely unchanged.
Additional Considerations
U.S. Government Funding
Considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future U.S. government budget and program decisions will unfold, including the spending priorities of the new Administration and Congress.
The Full-Year Continuing Appropriations and Extensions Act, 2025, enacted on March 15, 2025, largely continues federal funding at fiscal year 2024 appropriated levels through September 30, 2025. This bill has been deemed to be a full-year appropriations bill in respect to satisfying the requirements of the Fiscal Responsibility Act, avoiding a sequester of defense and non-defense spending in fiscal year 2025