circumstances or assumptions could have a material effect on program gross margins. If the combined gross margin percentages for our commercial airplane programs had
50
Table of Contents
been estimated to be 1% higher or lower it would have an approximately $210 million impact on operating earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Pension Plans
Many of our employees have earned benefits under defined benefit pension plans. The majority of employees that had participated in defined benefit pension plans have transitioned to a company-funded defined contribution retirement savings plan. Accounting rules require an annual measurement of our projected obligation and plan assets. These measurements are based upon several assumptions. Future changes in assumptions or differences between actual and expected outcomes can significantly affect our future annual expense, projected benefit obligation and Shareholders’ equity.
The projected benefit obligation is sensitive to discount rates. The projected benefit obligation would decrease by $1,120 million or increase by $1,240 million if the discount rate increased or decreased by 25 basis points. A 25 basis point change in the discount rate would not have a significant impact on pension cost. However, net periodic pension cost is sensitive to changes in the expected long-term rate of asset return. A decrease or increase of 25 basis points in the expected long-term rate of asset return would have increased or decreased 2024 net periodic pension cost by $143 million. See Note 17 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which includes the discount rate and expected long-term rate of asset return assumptions for the last three years.
Deferred Income Taxes – Valuation Allowance
The Company had deferred income tax assets of $17,991 million at December 31, 2024, that can be used in future years to offset taxable income and reduce income taxes payable. The Company had deferred income tax liabilities of $10,091 million at December 31, 2024, that will partially offset deferred income tax assets and result in higher taxable income in future years and increase income taxes payable. Tax law determines whether future reversals of temporary differences will result in taxable and deductible amounts that offset each other in future years. The particular years in which temporary differences result in taxable or deductible amounts generally are determined by the timing of the recovery of the related asset or settlement of the related liability.
On a quarterly basis, we assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets against future sources of taxable income and reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by recording a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50%) that all or a portion of such assets will not be realized.
This assessment takes into account both positive and negative evidence. A recent