including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or debarment from doing business with the U.S. government. We also could suffer reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us, even if such allegations are later determined to be false.
We enter into fixed-price contracts, which could subject us to losses if we have cost overruns.
Our BDS and BGS defense businesses generated approximately 54% and 63% of their 2024 revenues from fixed-price contracts. Fixed-price development contracts subject us to the risk of reduced margins or incurring losses if we are unable to achieve estimated costs and revenues. If our estimated costs exceed our estimated price, we recognize reach-forward losses which can significantly affect our reported results. For example, during the year ended December 31, 2024, BDS recorded $5.0 billion of
13
Table of Contents
additional losses on its five most significant fixed-price development programs (KC-46A Tanker, T-7A Red Hawk, Commercial Crew, VC-25B Presidential Aircraft, and MQ-25). We continue to experience production disruptions and inefficiencies due to technical challenges, supplier disruption and factory performance. These factors have contributed to significant earnings charges on a number of fixed-price development programs which are expected to adversely affect cash flows in future periods, and may result in future earnings charges and adverse cash flow effects. Higher supplier pricing, the IAM 751 work stoppage, higher labor costs and an inexperienced workforce also contributed to earnings charges and lower earnings in 2024. New programs could also have risk for reach-forward loss upon contract award and during the period of contract performance. The long-term nature of many of our contracts makes the process of estimating costs and revenues on fixed-price contracts inherently risky. Fixed-price contracts often contain price incentives and penalties tied to performance, which can be difficult to estimate and have significant impacts on margins. In addition, some of our contracts have specific provisions relating to cost, schedule and performance.
Estimating costs to complete fixed-price development contracts is generally subject to more uncertainty than fixed-price production contracts. Many of these development programs have highly complex designs and technical challenges. In addition, technical or quality issues could lead to schedule delays and cost impacts, which could increase our estimated cost to perform the work or reduce our estimated price, either of which could result in a material charge or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition.
We enter into cost-type contracts, which also carry risks.
Our BDS and BGS defense businesses generated approximately 46% and 37% of their 2024 revenues from cost-type contracting arrangements. Some of these are development programs that have complex design and technical challenges. These