disruptions as a result of global supply chain constraints and labor instability. Our supply chain is also being impacted by the tariffs discussed above. Certain of our suppliers are also experiencing financial difficulties. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain. These factors have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. During 2024, we recorded a reach-forward loss of $1,770 million on the T-7A Red Hawk program that was primarily driven by projected increases in supplier cost estimates. In addition, we recorded losses on the KC-46A Tanker and Commercial Crew programs during 2024 that were partially attributable to higher supplier costs.
39
Table of Contents
Segment Results of Operations and Financial Condition
Commercial Airplanes
Results of Operations
Revenues
BCA revenues increased by $3,494 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared with the same period in 2024 primarily due to higher deliveries and the absence of 737-9 customer considerations.
Commercial airplane deliveries, including intercompany deliveries, were as follows:
*
Intercompany deliveries identified by parentheses.
Loss From Operations
BCA loss from operations was $537 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared with $1,143 million in the same period in 2024 reflecting higher deliveries, the absence of 737-9 customer considerations and lower period expenses.
Backlog
Our total backlog represents the estimated transaction prices on unsatisfied and partially satisfied performance obligations to our customers where we believe it is probable that we will collect the consideration due and where no contingencies remain before we and the customer are required to perform. Backlog does not include prospective orders where customer-controlled contingencies remain, such as the customer receiving approval from its board of directors, shareholders or government or completing financing arrangements. All such contingencies must be satisfied or have expired prior to recording a new firm order even if satisfying such conditions is highly probable. Backlog excludes options and customer financing orders as well as orders where customers have the unilateral right to terminate. A number of our customers may have contractual remedies, including rights to reject individual airplane deliveries if the actual delivery date is significantly later than the contractual delivery date. We address customer claims and requests for other contractual relief as they arise. The value of orders in backlog is adjusted as changes to price and schedule are agreed to with customers and is reported in accordance with the requirements of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606.
BCA total backlog increased from $435,175 million as of December 31, 2024, to $460,447 million at March 31, 2025, reflecting new orders in excess of deliveries and a decrease in the value of existing orders