17.
(3)
Amounts reclassified from AOCI for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily related to amortization of prior service credits totaling ($
102
) (net of tax of $
1
). Amounts reclassified from AOCI for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily related to amortization of actuarial losses totaling $
791
(net of tax of ($
11
)). These are included in net periodic pension cost. See Note 17.
(4)
Includes losses of $
39
(net of tax of ($
11
)) from cash flow hedges reclassified to Other income, net because the forecasted transactions are not probable of occurring.
(5)
Primarily related to remeasurement of assets and benefit obligations related to the Company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans resulting in an actuarial loss of ($
225
) (net of tax of ($
1
)) and prior service credits of ($
140
) (net of tax of $
0
) for the year ended December 31, 2024. See Note 17.
Note 20 –
Derivative Financial Instruments
Cash Flow Hedges
Our cash flow hedges include foreign currency forward contracts, commodity swaps and commodity purchase contracts. We use foreign currency forward contracts to manage currency risk associated with certain expected sales and purchases through 2031. We use commodity derivatives, such as fixed-
108
Table of
Contents
price purchase commitments and swaps to hedge against potentially unfavorable price changes for commodities used in production. Our commodity contracts hedge forecasted transactions through 2028.
Derivative Instruments Not Receiving Hedge Accounting Treatment
We have entered into agreements to purchase and sell aluminum to address long-term strategic sourcing objectives and non-U.S. business requirements. These agreements are derivative instruments for accounting purposes. The quantities of aluminum in these agreements offset and are priced at prevailing market prices. We also hold certain foreign currency forward contracts and commodity swaps which do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment.
Notional Amounts and Fair Values
The notional amounts and fair values of derivative instruments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31 were as follows:
(1)
Notional amounts represent the gross contract/notional amount of the derivatives outstanding.
(Losses)/gains associated with our hedging transactions and forward points recognized in Other comprehensive income are presented in the following table:
109
Table of
Contents
(Losses)/gains associated with our hedging transactions and forward points reclassified from AOCI to earnings are presented in the following table:
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we reclassified losses associated with certain cash flow hedges of $
50
from AOCI to Other income, net because it became probable the forecasted transactions would not occur. Gains/(losses) related to undesignated derivatives on foreign exchange and commodity cash flow hedging transactions recognized in Other income, net were insignificant for the years ended December 31,