recognized over the life of the lease to approximate a level rate of return on the net investment. For
62
Table of
Contents
notes receivable, we record financing receivables net of any unamortized discounts and deferred incremental direct costs. Interest income and amortization of any discounts are recorded ratably over the related term of the note.
Income recognition is generally suspended for financing receivables that are uncollectible. We
determine that a financing receivable is uncollectible when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect amounts due according to the original contractual terms. We determine a financing receivable is past due when cash has not been received upon the due date specified in the contract.
We evaluate the collectability of financing receivables at commencement and on a recurring basis. If a financing receivable is determined to be uncollectible, the customer is categorized as non-accrual status. When a customer is in non-accrual status at commencement, sales-type lease revenue is deferred until substantially all cash has been received or the customer is removed from non-accrual status. If we have a note receivable with a customer that is in non-accrual status, or a sales-type lease with a customer that changes to non-accrual status after commencement, we recognize contractual interest income as payments are received to the extent there is sufficient collateral and payments exceed past due principal payments.
Residual values, which are reviewed periodically, represent the estimated amount we expect to receive at lease termination from the disposition of the leased equipment. Actual residual values realized could differ from these estimates. Declines in estimated residual value that are deemed other-than-temporary are recognized in the period in which the declines occur.
For operating leases, revenue on leased aircraft and equipment is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Operating lease assets, included in Financing receivables and operating lease equipment, net, are recorded at cost and depreciated to an estimated residual value using the straight-line method over the period that we project we will hold the asset. We periodically review our estimates of residual value and recognize forecasted changes by prospectively adjusting depreciation expense. We record assets held for sale at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. We evaluate for impairment assets under operating leases when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the expected undiscounted cash flow from the asset may be less than the carrying value. When we determine that impairment is indicated for an asset, the amount of impairment expense recorded is the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the asset.
Reinsurance
Our wholly-owned insurance subsidiary, Astro Ltd., participates in a reinsurance pool for workers’ compensation. The member