agreements and practices of the reinsurance pool minimize any participating members’ individual risk. Reinsurance revenues were $
110
, $
163
and $
129
during 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Reinsurance costs related to premiums and claims paid to the reinsurance pool were $
123
, $
181
and $
134
during 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Revenues and costs are presented net in Cost of products and Cost of services in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Research and Development
Research and development includes costs incurred for experimentation, design and testing, as well as bid and proposal efforts related to government products and services, which are expensed as incurred unless the costs are related to certain contractual arrangements with customers. Costs that are incurred pursuant to such contractual arrangements are recorded over the period that revenue is recognized, consistent with our long-term contract accounting policy. We have certain research and development arrangements with customers that meet the conditions for best efforts research and development accounting. Accordingly, the amounts funded by the customer are recognized as an offset to our research and development expense rather than as contract revenues. Research and development expense, net included bid and proposal costs of $
179
, $
188
and $
217
in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
63
Table of
Contents
Share-Based Compensation
We provide various forms of share-based compensation to our employees. For awards settled in shares, we measure compensation expense based on the grant-date fair value net of estimated forfeitures. For awards settled in cash, or that may be settled in cash, we measure compensation expense based on the fair value at each reporting date net of estimated forfeitures. The expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the award.
Income Taxes
Provisions for U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S. income taxes are calculated on reported Loss before income taxes based on current tax law and also include, in the current period, the cumulative effect of any changes in tax rates from those used previously in determining deferred tax assets and liabilities. Such provisions differ from the amounts currently receivable or payable because certain items of income and expense are recognized in different time periods for financial reporting purposes than for income tax purposes. Significant judgment is required in determining income tax provisions and evaluating tax positions.
The accounting for uncertainty in income taxes requires a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We record a liability for the difference between the benefit recognized and measured for financial statement purposes and the tax position taken or expected to be taken on our tax return. To the extent that our assessment of