based on a five-year moving average of plan assets. As of December 31, 2024, the MRVA was approximately $
7,955
more than the fair market value of assets.
Assumed health care cost trend rates were as follows:
96
Table of
Contents
Plan Assets
Investment Strategy
The overall objective of our pension assets is to earn a rate of return over time to satisfy the benefit obligations of the pension plans and to maintain sufficient liquidity to pay benefits and address other cash requirements of the pension fund. Specific investment objectives for our long-term investment strategy include reducing the volatility of pension assets relative to pension liabilities, achieving a competitive total investment return, achieving diversification between and within asset classes and managing other risks. Investment objectives for each asset class are determined based on specific risks and investment opportunities identified.
We periodically update our long-term, strategic asset allocations. We use various analytics to determine the optimal asset mix and consider plan liability characteristics, liquidity characteristics, funding requirements, expected rates of return and the distribution of returns. A key element of our strategy is to de-risk the plan as the funded status of the plan increases. We identify investment benchmarks to evaluate performance for the asset classes in the strategic asset allocation that are market-based and investable where possible. Actual allocations to each asset class vary from target allocations due to periodic investment strategy changes, market value fluctuations, the duration to fully implement investment allocation positions, and the timing of benefit payments and contributions. Short-term investments and exchange-traded derivatives are used to rebalance the actual asset allocation to the target asset allocation. The asset allocation is monitored and adjusted in accordance with our rebalancing policy.
The actual and target allocations by asset class for the pension assets at December 31 were as follows:
Fixed income securities are invested primarily in a diversified portfolio of long duration instruments as well as Emerging Market, Structured, High Yield and Private Debt. Global equity securities are invested in a diversified portfolio of U.S. and non-U.S. companies, across various industries and market capitalizations.
Private equity investment vehicles are primarily limited partnerships (LPs) that mainly invest in U.S. and non-U.S. leveraged buyout, venture capital, growth and special situation strategies. Real estate and real assets include global private investments that may be held through investments in LPs or other fund structures. Real estate includes, but is not limited to, investments in office, retail, apartment and industrial properties. Real assets include, but are not limited to, investments in natural resources (such as energy, farmland and timber), commodities and infrastructure.
Hedge fund investments seek to