Flight 1282 accident. We are also subject to multiple governmental and regulatory investigations and inquiries relating to the Alaska Airlines Flight 1282 accident and our commercial airplanes business.
We cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, not covered by available insurance and in excess of any accrued amounts that may result given the current status of pending lawsuits, investigations and inquiries arising from the 2018 and 2019 737 MAX accidents and the Alaska Airlines Flight 1282 accident
.
Note 23 –
Segment and Revenue Information
We operate in
three
reportable segments: BCA, BDS, and BGS. All other activities fall within Unallocated items, eliminations and other. See page 59 for the Summary of Business Segment Data, which is an integral part of this note.
BCA develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft principally to the commercial airline industry worldwide. Revenue on commercial aircraft contracts is recognized at the point in time when an aircraft is completed and accepted by the customer.
BDS engages in the research, development, production and modification of the following products and related services: manned and unmanned military aircraft and weapons systems, surveillance and engagement, strategic defense and intelligence systems, satellite systems and space exploration. BDS revenue is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred.
BGS provides parts, maintenance, modifications, logistics support, training, data analytics and information-based services to commercial and government customers worldwide. BGS segment revenue and costs include certain products and services provided to other segments. Revenue on commercial spare parts contracts is recognized at the point in time when a spare part is delivered to the customer. Revenue on other contracts is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred.
Our chief operating decision maker is currently our President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The primary profitability measurement used by the CEO to review segment operating results is Segment operating (loss)/earnings. The CEO uses Segment operating (loss)/earnings to allocate resources (including employees, financial and capital resources) for each segment predominantly in the annual planning process. Segment operating (loss)/earnings is used to monitor segment results compared to prior period, forecasted results, and the annual plan.
114
Table of
Contents
The following table reconciles segment Revenues to Segment operating (loss)/earnings:
(1)
Primarily includes costs of products and services and general and administrative expenses.
While our principal operations are in the United States, Canada and Australia, some key suppliers and subcontractors are located in Europe and Japan.
Revenues, including foreign military sales, are reported by customer location and consisted of the following:
Revenues from the U.S. government (including foreign