Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. Due to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, our past financial results may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods.
Risks Related to Our Business and Operations
We depend heavily on commercial airlines, subjecting us to unique risks.
Market conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft and related services.
The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. The principal factors underlying long-term traffic growth are sustained economic growth and political stability in both developed and emerging markets. Demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by additional factors including airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, trade policies, geopolitics, technological advances, price and other competitive factors, fuel prices, inflationary pressures, terrorism, pandemics, epidemics, sustainability-related preferences, environmental regulations, and reputational factors. Historically, the airline industry has been cyclical and very competitive and has experienced significant profit swings and constant challenges to be more cost competitive. Significant deterioration in the global economic environment, the airline industry generally or the financial stability of one or more of our major customers could result in fewer new orders for aircraft or services, or could cause customers to seek to postpone or cancel contractual orders and/or payments to us, which could result in lower revenues, profitability and cash flows and a reduction in our contractual backlog. In addition, because our commercial aircraft backlog consists of aircraft scheduled for delivery over a period of several years, any of these macroeconomic, industry or customer impacts could affect deliveries over a long period.
We enter into firm fixed-price aircraft sales contracts with indexed price escalation clauses, which subjects us to losses if we have cost overruns or if increases in our costs exceed the applicable escalation rate.
Commercial aircraft sales contracts are typically entered into years before the aircraft are delivered. In order to help account for economic fluctuations between the contract date and delivery date, aircraft pricing generally consists of a fixed amount as modified by price escalation formulas derived from labor, commodity and other price indices. Our revenue estimates are based on current expectations with respect to these escalation formulas, but the actual escalation amounts are outside of our control. Escalation factors can fluctuate significantly from period to period. Changes in escalation amounts can significantly impact revenues and operating margins in our BCA business.
We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of commercial