information relating to environmental contingencies, see Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
We may be adversely affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change.
Increasing stakeholder environmental, social and governance (ESG) expectations, physical and transition risks associated with climate change, emerging ESG regulation, contractual requirements, and policy requirements may pose risk to our market outlook, brand and reputation, financial outlook, cost of capital, global supply chain and production continuity, which may impact our ability to achieve long-term business objectives. Changes in environmental and climate change laws or regulations could lead to additional operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon us or our products, require new or additional investments in production systems or product designs, result in additional carbon offset investments or otherwise negatively impact our business and/or competitive position. Increasingly stringent aircraft performance standards and requirements including but not limited to manufacturing and product air pollutant emissions, potential carbon pricing mechanisms, and sustainability disclosure requirements in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may result in increased costs or reputational risks and could limit our ability to manufacture and/or market certain of our products at acceptable costs, or at all. For example, certain jurisdictions including the State of California and the European Union have enacted legislation which require more stringent greenhouse gas emissions and climate risk reporting. Physical impacts of climate change, increasing global chemical restrictions and bans, and water and
16
Table of Contents
waste requirements may drive increased costs to us and our suppliers and impact our production continuity and data facilities.
From time to time, in alignment with our sustainability priorities, we establish and publicly announce goals and commitments to improve our environmental performance, within our products and/or operations. If we fail to achieve or inadequately report our progress toward achieving such goals and commitments, the resulting negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation and/or our access to capital.
Risks Related to Financing and Liquidity
We may be unable to effectively manage our liquidity, which could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations.
We depend, in part, on our ability to successfully access the capital and financial markets to fund our operations and contractual commitments. Net cash used by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 was $12.1 billion and we expect negative operating cash flows to continue in future quarters as we work to ramp up commercial airplanes production. As of December 31, 2024, our debt totaled $53.9 billion, of which approximately $13.6 billion of principal payments on outstanding debt are