extend through 2034. Purchase order commitments associated with industrial participation agreements are included in purchase obligations. To be eligible for such a purchase order commitment from us, a non-U.S. supplier must have sufficient capability to meet our requirements and must be competitive in cost, quality and schedule.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We are a party to certain off-balance sheet arrangements including certain guarantees. For discussion of these arrangements, see Note 15 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
45
Table of Contents
Commercial Commitments
The following table summarizes our commercial commitments outstanding as of December 31, 2024.
Commercial aircraft financing commitments include commitments to provide financing related to aircraft on order, under option for deliveries or proposed as part of sales campaigns or refinancing with respect to delivered aircraft, based on estimated earliest potential funding dates. Customer financing commitments totaled $17.1 billion and $17.0 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023. We anticipate that we will not be required to fund a significant portion of our financing commitments as we continue to work with third party financiers to provide alternative financing to customers. Historically, we have not been required to fund significant amounts of outstanding commitments. However, there can be no assurances that we will not be required to fund greater amounts than historically required. See Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Contingent Obligations
We have significant contingent obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business, which include the following:
Legal
Various legal proceedings, claims and investigations are pending against us. Legal contingencies are discussed in Note 22 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Environmental Remediation
We are involved with various environmental remediation activities and have recorded a liability of $834 million at December 31, 2024. For additional information, see Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Non-GAAP Measures
Core Operating Earnings/(Loss), Core Operating Margins and Core Earnings/(Loss) Per Share
Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP which we supplement with certain non-GAAP financial information. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures, and other companies may define such measures differently. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. Core operating earnings/(loss), Core operating margins and Core earnings/(loss) per share exclude the FAS/CAS service cost adjustment. The FAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the