including from emerging technologies, such as advanced forms of automation and artificial intelligence. As cyber threats increase in volume and sophistication, the risk to the security of these systems and networks – and to the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the data they house – continues to evolve, requiring constant vigilance and concerted, company-wide risk management efforts.
A cyber-related attack or security breach, whether experienced directly or through our supply chain or third party-service providers, could, among other serious consequences, result in loss of intellectual property; allow unauthorized access to or cause the publication of various categories of sensitive, proprietary or customer data; cause disruption or degradation of our business operations; compromise our products or services; and/or result in reputational harm. There is no guarantee that our controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems or contractual arrangements will be sufficient to prevent or mitigate the risk of cyber-related attack or incident, or allow us to detect, report or respond adequately in a timely manner.
We have experienced, and may in the future experience, whether directly or through our supply chain, third-party service providers or other channels, cyber-related incidents. While prior cyber-related attacks and incidents (including those at our wholly-owned subsidiaries Boeing Distribution, Inc. in 2023 and Jeppesen, Inc. in 2022) have not materially affected our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition, there is no guarantee that a future cyber-related attack or incident would not result in significant operational, regulatory, or financial impacts that could materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
In addition, we manage information and information technology systems for certain customers and suppliers. Many of these customers and suppliers face similar security threats. If we were unable to protect against the unauthorized access, release or corruption of our customers’ or suppliers’ confidential, classified or personally identifiable information, we could suffer a loss of business, face regulatory actions or face financial or other losses that could materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
Business disruptions could seriously affect our future sales and financial condition or increase our costs and expenses.
Our business may be impacted by disruptions including threats to physical security or our information technology systems, extreme weather (including effects of climate change) or other acts of nature, and pandemics or other public health crises. Any of these disruptions could affect our internal operations or our suppliers’ operations and delay delivery of products and services to our customers. Any significant production delays, or any destruction, manipulation or improper use of Boeing’s or our