typically controls the work in process as evidenced either by contractual termination clauses or by our rights to payment of the transaction price associated with work performed to date on products or services that do not have an alternative use to the Company.
The accounting for long-term contracts involves a judgmental process of estimating total revenues, costs and profit for each performance obligation. Cost of sales is recognized as incurred. The amount reported as revenues is determined by adding a proportionate amount of the estimated profit to the amount reported as cost of sales. Recognizing revenue as costs are incurred provides an objective measure of progress on the long-term contract and thereby best depicts the extent of transfer of control to the customer.
For long-term contracts for which revenue is recognized over time, changes in estimated revenues, cost of sales and the related effect on operating income are recognized using a cumulative catch-up adjustment which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on a long-term contract’s percentage-of-completion. When the current estimates of total revenues and costs at completion for a long-term contract indicate a loss, a provision for the entire reach-forward loss on the long-term contract is recognized.
The table below reflects the impact of net cumulative catch-up adjustments for changes in estimated revenues and costs at completion across all long-term contracts including the impact to Loss from operations from estimated losses on unexercised options for the years ended December 31:
61
Table of
Contents
Significant adjustments during the three years ended December 31, 2024 included losses on KC-46A Tanker, T-7A Red Hawk, Commercial Crew, VC-25B and MQ-25 programs.
Due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process, changes in underlying operational assumptions, inability to implement planned risk mitigation plans, failure to achieve productivity targets, supplier shortages, quality issues and/or pricing issues, inflationary trends, or other circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods.
Payments under long-term contracts may be received before or after revenue is recognized. The U.S. government customer typically withholds payment of a small portion of the contract price until contract completion. Therefore, long-term contracts typically generate Unbilled receivables (contract assets) but may generate Advances and progress billings (contract liabilities). Long-term contract Unbilled receivables and Advances and progress billings are not considered a significant financing component because they are intended to protect either the customer or the Company in the event that some or all of the obligations under the contract are not completed.
Commercial spare parts contracts
Certain contracts at our BGS segment include sales of commercial spare parts. For each contract,