Core operating margins and Core loss per share with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures of Earnings/(loss) from operations, Operating margins and Diluted loss per share.
(1)
FAS/CAS service cost adjustment represents the difference between the FAS pension and postretirement service costs calculated under GAAP and costs allocated to the business segments. This adjustment is excluded from Core operating earnings/(loss) (non-GAAP).
(2)
Non-operating pension and postretirement income represents the components of net periodic benefit costs/(income) other than service cost/(income). This income is included in Other income, net and is excluded from Core operating earnings/(loss) (non-GAAP).
(3)
The income tax impact is calculated using the U.S. corporate statutory tax rate.
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
There have been no significant changes to our market risk since December 31, 2024.
48
Table of Contents
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2025 and have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
(b)
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the first quarter of 2025 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.
49
Table of Contents
Part II. Other Information
Item 1. Legal Proceedings
Currently, we are involved in a number of legal proceedings. For a discussion of contingencies related to legal proceedings, see Note 17 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which is hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
The following risks update the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Please refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, for other risks related to our business.
We derive a significant portion of our revenues from non-U.S. sales and are subject to risks of doing business in other countries, including those related to tariffs, trade restrictions and government actions.
In 2024, non-U.S. customers, which include foreign military sales, accounted for approximately 46% of our