comprehensive safety and quality plan to the FAA to address the issues identified. As part of our plan to improve quality and safety and to address the issues identified, we slowed production rates and delayed planned production rate increases to reduce traveled work in our factory, as well as at our suppliers. We also began taking additional actions to improve safety and quality, which include investing in workforce training, simplifying plans and processes, eliminating defects, and enhancing our safety and quality culture.
The Alaska Airlines accident and our resulting actions, including slowing production, to improve compliance with our manufacturing quality control requirements significantly impacted our financial position, results of operations and cash flows during 2024.
On November 4, 2024, the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers District 751 (IAM 751) voted to ratify a new contract, thereby ending the work stoppage initiated on September 13, 2024, which paused production of certain commercial aircraft models (737, 767, 777 and 777X aircraft) as well as production of commercial derivative aircraft for our Defense, Space & Security business (KC-46A Tanker and P-8A Poseidon). Production for all programs resumed in December 2024.
The IAM 751 work stoppage significantly reduced aircraft deliveries in the second half of 2024. The new contract with IAM 751 and pay enhancements for certain non-union employees is adversely impacting our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
24
Table of Contents
Business Environment and Trends
In 2024, global air traffic continued to expand beyond 2019 levels with domestic travel continuing to be the most robust and the single-aisle market following closely. International travel also surpassed pre-pandemic levels during 2024 and the wide-body market continues to improve with the international travel recovery. The transition in the international commercial market from recovery to normal market conditions is continuing to progress as China international travel remains below 2019 levels. We are experiencing strong demand from our airline customers globally.
We and our suppliers are experiencing supply chain disruptions as a result of production quality issues, global supply chain constraints, and labor instability. We and our suppliers are also experiencing inflationary pressures. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain. These factors have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
Airline financial performance, which influences demand for new capacity, has benefited from the resilient demand for travel. The International Air Transport Association (IATA) is estimating 2024 industry-wide net profits of $31.5 billion, up from its forecast of $25.7 billion a year ago, primarily driven by North America, Europe and the Middle East. For 2025, IATA is forecasting $36.6 billion in