behavior over the remaining life of the commitment. For loans collateralized with commercial real estate and for which the underlying asset is the primary source of repayment, the loss forecasting models consider key loan and customer attributes such as LTV ratio, net operating income and debt service coverage, and captures variations in behavior according to property type and region. The outlook on the unemployment rate, gross domestic product, and forecasted real estate prices are utilized to determine indicators such as rent levels and vacancy rates, which impact the ECL estimate. For all other commercial loans and leases, the loss forecasting model determines the probabilities of transition to different credit risk ratings or default at each point over the life of the asset based on the borrower’s current credit risk rating, industry sector, size of the exposure and the geographic market. The severity of loss is determined based on the type of collateral securing the exposure, the size of the exposure, the borrower’s industry sector, any guarantors and the geographic market. Assumptions of expected loss are conditioned to the economic outlook, and the model considers key economic variables such as unemployment rate, gross domestic product, corporate bond spreads, real estate and other asset prices and equity market returns.
In addition to the allowance for loan and lease losses, the Corporation also estimates ECL related to unfunded lending commitments such as letters of credit, financial guarantees, unfunded bankers acceptances and binding loan commitments, excluding commitments accounted for under the fair value option. Reserves are estimated for the unfunded exposure using the same models and methodologies as the funded exposure
and are reported as reserves for unfunded lending commitments.
Nonperforming Loans and Leases, Charge-offs and
Delinquencies
Nonperforming loans and leases generally include loans and leases that have been placed on nonaccrual status. Loans accounted for under the fair value option and LHFS are not reported as nonperforming. When a nonaccrual loan is deemed uncollectible, it is charged off against the allowance for credit losses. If the charged-off amount is later recovered, the amount is reversed through the allowance for credit losses at the recovery date. Charge-offs are reported net of recoveries (net charge-offs). If recoveries for the period are greater than charge- offs, net charge-offs are reported as a negative amount.
In accordance with the Corporation’s policies, consumer real estate-secured loans, including residential mortgages and home equity loans, are generally placed on nonaccrual status and classified as nonperforming at
90
days past due unless repayment of the loan is insured by the FHA or through individually insured long-term standby agreements with Fannie Mae (FNMA) or Freddie Mac (FHLMC) (the fully-insured portfolio). Residential mortgage loans in the fully-insured portfolio are not placed on