emissions in our financing activities, operations and supply chain before 2050, is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control, such as technological advances, clearly defined roadmaps for industry sectors, public policies and better emissions data reporting, and ongoing engagement with clients, suppliers, investors, government officials and other stakeholders. Due to the evolving nature of climate-related risks, which are expected to increase over time, it is difficult to predict, identify, monitor and effectively mitigate climate-related risks and uncertainties.
Furthermore, there are and will continue to be challenges related to the availability, quality and disclosure of climate-related data, including data obtained from third parties, which may result in legal, compliance and/or reputational harm.
Our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified employees is critical to our success, business prospects and competitive position.
Our performance and competitive position is heavily dependent on the talents, development and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Competition for qualified personnel is intense from within and outside the financial services industry. Our competitors include global institutions and institutions subject to different compensation and hiring regulations than those imposed on us. Also, our ability to attract, develop and retain employees could be impacted by our reputation, professional and development opportunities, changes in regulation or enforcement practices, changes in workforce concerns, expectations, practices and preferences (including remote work), and increasing labor shortages and competition for labor, which could increase labor costs.
We must provide market-level compensation to attract and retain qualified personnel. As a large financial and banking institution, we are and may become subject to additional limitations on compensation practices by the Federal Reserve, the OCC, the FDIC and other global regulators, which may not affect our competitors. Also, because a substantial portion of compensation paid to many of our employees is equity-based awards based on the value of our common stock, declines in our profitability or outlook could adversely affect the ability to attract and retain employees. If we are unable to continue to attract, develop and retain qualified individuals, our business prospects and competitive position could be adversely affected.
Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments
None
Item 1C.  Cybersecurity
See Compliance and Operational Risk Management in the MD&A beginning on page 80, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 2.  Properties
As of December 31, 2024, certain principal offices and other materially important properties consisted of the following:
(1)
For leased properties, property square feet represents the square footage occupied by the Corporation.
(2)
The Corporation has a 49.9 percent joint venture interest in this property.
We own