within the established limits.
The formal processes used to manage risk represent a part of our overall risk management process. We instill a strong and comprehensive culture of managing risk well through communications, training, policies, procedures and organizational roles and responsibilities. Establishing a culture reflective of our purpose to help make our customers’ financial lives better and delivering on Responsible Growth is also critical to effective risk management. We are committed to the highest principles of ethical and professional conduct. Conduct risk is the risk of improper actions, behaviors or practices by the Corporation, its employees or representatives that are illegal, unethical and/or contrary to our core values that could result in harm to the Corporation, our shareholders or our customers, damage the integrity of the financial markets, or negatively impact our reputation. We have established protocols and structures so that conduct risk is governed and reported across the Corporation appropriately. All employees are held accountable for adhering to the Code of Conduct, operating within our risk appetite and managing risk in their daily business activities. In addition, our performance management and compensation practices encourage responsible risk-taking that is consistent with our Risk Framework and risk appetite.
Corporation-wide Stress Testing
Integral to our Capital Planning, Financial Planning and Strategic Planning processes, we conduct capital scenario management and stress forecasting on a regular basis to better understand balance sheet, earnings and capital sensitivities to a wide range of economic and business scenarios, including economic and market conditions that are more severe than anticipated. These stress forecasts provide an understanding of the potential
impacts from our risk profile on the balance sheet, earnings and capital, and serve as a key component of our capital and risk management practices. The intent of stress testing is to develop a comprehensive understanding of potential impacts of on- and off-balance sheet risks at the Corporation and certain subsidiaries and how they impact financial resiliency, which provides confidence to management, regulators and our investors.
Contingency Planning
We have developed and maintain comprehensive contingency plans that are designed to prepare us in advance to respond in the event of potential adverse economic, operational, financial or market stress conditions. These contingency plans include our Financial Contingency and Recovery Plan, which provides monitoring, escalation, actions and routines designed to enable us to increase capital and/or liquidity, access funding sources and reduce risk through consideration of potential options that include asset sales, business sales, capital or debt issuances, and other risk reducing strategies at various levels of capital or liquidity depletion during a period of stress. We also maintain a Resolution Plan