income. For information on capital allocated to the business segments, see Business Segment Operations on page 35.
Average loans increased $4.4 billion to $223.9 billion, primarily driven by custom lending and residential mortgage loans. Average deposits decreased $10.8 billion to $287.5 billion primarily driven by clients moving deposits to higher yielding investment cash alternatives, including offerings on our investment and brokerage platforms.
Merrill Wealth Management revenue of $19.1 billion increased nine percent primarily driven by higher asset management fees due to the impact of higher average equity market valuations and positive AUM flows, as well as higher brokerage fees due to increased transactional volume.
Bank of America Private Bank revenue of $3.9 billion increased six percent primarily driven by higher asset management fees due to the impact of higher average equity market valuations and client flows.
(1)
Includes margin receivables, which are classified in customer and other receivables on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Client Balances
Client balances managed under advisory and/or discretion of
GWIM
are AUM and are typically held in diversified portfolios. Fees earned on AUM are calculated as a percentage of clients’ AUM balances. The asset management fees charged to clients per year depend on various factors but are commonly driven by the breadth of the client’s relationship. The net client AUM flows
represent the net change in clients’ AUM balances over a specified period of time, excluding market appreciation/depreciation and other adjustments.
Client balances increased $462.7 billion, or 12 percent, to $4.3 trillion at December 31, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023. The increase in client balances was primarily due to the impact of higher market valuations and positive net client flows.
Global Banking
n/m = not meaningful
Global Banking
, which includes Global Corporate Banking, Global Commercial Banking, Business Banking and Global Investment Banking, provides a wide range of lending-related products and services, integrated working capital management and treasury solutions, and underwriting and advisory services through our network of offices and client relationship teams. Our lending products and services include commercial loans, leases, commitment facilities, trade finance, commercial real estate lending and asset-based lending. Our treasury solutions business includes treasury management, foreign exchange, short-term investing options and merchant services. We also provide investment banking services to our clients such as debt and equity underwriting and distribution, and merger-related and other advisory services. Underwriting debt and equity issuances, fixed-income and equity research, and certain market-based activities are executed through our global broker-dealer affiliates, which are our primary dealers in several countries. Within
Global Banking
, Global Corporate Banking clients generally include large