debt maturities and redemptions in the aggregate of $
42.7
billion consisting of $
25.3
billion for Bank of America Corporation, $
10.5
billion for Bank of America, N.A. and $
6.9
billion of other debt.
Bank of America Corporation and Bank of America, N.A. maintain various U.S. and non-U.S. debt programs to offer both senior and subordinated notes. The notes may be denominated in U.S. dollars or foreign currencies. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the amount of foreign currency-denominated debt translated into U.S. dollars included in total long-term debt was $
43.8
billion  and  $
49.8
billion. Foreign currency contracts may
be used to convert certain foreign currency-denominated debt into U.S. dollars.
The weighted-average effective interest rates for total long-term debt (excluding senior structured notes), total fixed-rate debt and total floating-rate debt were
3.80
percent,
3.71
percent and
4.45
percent, respectively, at December 31, 2024, and
3.70
percent,
3.55
percent and
5.21
percent, respectively, at December 31, 2023. The Corporation’s ALM activities maintain an overall interest rate risk management strategy that incorporates the use of interest rate contracts to manage fluctuations in earnings caused by interest rate volatility. The Corporation’s goal is to manage interest rate sensitivity so that movements in interest rates do not have a significantly adverse effect on earnings and capital. The weighted-average rates are the contractual interest rates on the debt and do not reflect the impacts of derivative transactions.
The following table shows the carrying value for aggregate annual contractual maturities of long-term debt as of December 31, 2024. Included in the table are certain structured notes issued by the Corporation that contain provisions whereby the borrowings are redeemable at the option of the holder (put options) at specified dates prior to maturity. Other structured notes have coupon or repayment terms linked to the performance of debt or equity securities, indices, currencies or
commodities, and the maturity may be accelerated based on the value of a referenced index or security. In both cases, the Corporation   or   a  subsidiary  may  be  required  to  settle  the
obligation for cash or other securities prior to the contractual maturity date. These borrowings are reflected in the table as maturing at their contractual maturity date.
(1)
Represents liabilities of consolidated VIEs included in total long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
NOTE 12
Commitments and Contingencies
In the normal course of business, the Corporation enters into a number of off-balance sheet commitments. These commitments expose the Corporation to varying degrees of credit and market risk and are subject to the same credit and market risk limitation reviews as those instruments recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Credit Extension Commitments
The Corporation enters into commitments to extend credit such as loan commitments,