in addition to borrowers affected by natural disasters.
Forbearance and Other Payment Plans:
Forbearance plans generally consist of the Corporation suspending the borrower’s payments for a defined period, with those payments then due over a defined period of time or at the conclusion of the forbearance period. The aging status of a loan is generally frozen when it enters into a forbearance plan. If a borrower is unable to fulfill their obligations under the forbearance plans, they may be offered a trial offer or permanent modification.
Trial Offer and Permanent Modifications
: Trial offer for modification plans generally consist of the Corporation offering a borrower modified loan terms that reduce their contractual payments temporarily over a
three
-to-
four-month
trial period. If the customer successfully makes the modified payments during the trial period and formally accepts the modified terms, the modified loan terms become permanent. Some borrowers may enter into permanent modifications without a trial period. In a permanent modification, the borrower’s payment terms are typically modified in more than one manner, but generally include a term extension and an interest rate reduction. At times, the permanent modification may also include principal forgiveness and/or a deferral of past due principal and interest amounts to the end of the loan term. The combinations utilized are based on modifying the terms that give the borrower an improved ability to meet the contractual obligations. The term extensions granted for residential mortgage and home equity permanent modifications vary widely and can be up to
30
years, but most are in the range of
1
to
20
years. Principal forgiveness and payment deferrals were insignificant during 2024 and 2023.
The table below provides the ending amortized cost of the Corporation’s modified consumer real estate loans at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
The table below presents the financial effect of modified consumer real estate loans
.
n/a = not applicable
For consumer real estate borrowers in financial difficulty that received a forbearance, trial or permanent modification, there were no commitments to lend additional funds at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
The Corporation tracks the performance of modified loans to assess effectiveness of modification programs. During 2024 and 2023, defaults of residential and home equity loans that had been modified within 12 months
were $
128
million and
$
287
million.
The table below provides aging information as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 for consumer real estate loans that were modified over the last 12 months.
Consumer real estate foreclosed properties totaled $
60
million and $
83
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023. The carrying value of consumer real estate loans, including fully-insured loans, for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process at December 31, 2024 and 2023, was $
464
million and $
633
million. During 2024 and 2023, the Corporation reclassified $