portion of these commitments will expire within the next
12
months.
At both December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation had a commitment to originate or purchase up to $
4.0
billion, on a rolling 12-month basis, of auto loans and leases from a strategic partner. This commitment extends through November 2026 and can be terminated with
12
months prior notice.
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation had unfunded equity investment commitments of $
787
million and $
477
million.
As a Federal Reserve member bank, the Corporation is required to subscribe to a certain amount of shares issued by its Federal Reserve district bank, which pays cumulative dividends at a prescribed rate. At both December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation had paid $
5.4
billion for half of its subscribed shares, with the remaining half subject to call by the Federal Reserve district bank board, which the Corporation believes is remote.
Other Guarantees
Bank-owned Life Insurance Book Value Protection
The Corporation sells products that offer book value protection to insurance carriers who offer group life insurance policies to corporations, primarily banks. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the notional amount of these guarantees totaled $
3.3
billion and $
3.8
billion. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation’s maximum exposure related to these guarantees totaled $
506
million and $
577
million, with estimated maturity dates between 2034 and 2037.
Indemnifications
In the ordinary course of business, the Corporation enters into various agreements that contain indemnifications, such as tax indemnifications, whereupon payment may become due if certain external events occur, such as a change in tax law. The indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms and were entered into in the normal course of business based on an assessment that the risk of loss would be remote. These agreements typically contain an early termination clause that permits the Corporation to exit the agreement upon these events. The maximum potential future payment under indemnification agreements is difficult to assess for several reasons, including the occurrence of an external event, the inability to predict future changes in tax and other laws, the difficulty in determining how such laws would apply to parties in contracts, the absence of exposure limits contained in standard contract language and the timing of any early termination clauses. Historically, any payments made under these guarantees have been de minimis. The Corporation has assessed the probability of making such payments in the future as remote.
Merchant Services
The Corporation in its role as merchant acquirer or as a sponsor of other merchant acquirers may be held liable for any reversed charges  that  cannot  be  collected  from the merchants due to, among other things, merchant fraud or insolvency. If charges are properly reversed after a purchase and cannot be collected from either the merchants or merchant