exceed
insurance limits are uninsured. At December 31, 2024, the Corporation’s deposits totaled $1.97 trillion, of which total estimated uninsured U.S. and non-U.S. deposits were $646.2 billion and $124.9 billion. At December 31, 2023, the Corporation’s deposits totaled $1.92 trillion, of which total estimated uninsured U.S. and non-U.S. deposits were $606.8 billion and $116.6 billion. Deposit balances exclude $16.9 billion and $14.8 billion of collateral received on certain derivative contracts that are netted against the derivative asset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2024 and 2023. Estimated uninsured deposits presented in this section reflect amounts disclosed in our regulatory reports, adjusted to exclude related accrued interest and intercompany deposit balances.
Table 17 presents information about the Corporation’s total estimated uninsured time deposits. For more information on our liquidity sources, see Global Liquidity Sources and Other Unencumbered Assets, and for more information on deposits, see Diversified Funding Sources in this section. For more information on contractual time deposit maturities, see
Note 9 – Deposits
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
(1)
Amounts are estimated based on the regulatory methodologies defined by each local jurisdiction.
Contingency Planning
We maintain contingency funding plans that outline our potential responses to liquidity stress events at various levels of severity. These policies and plans are based on stress scenarios and include potential funding strategies and communication and notification procedures that we would implement in the event we experienced stressed liquidity conditions. We periodically review and test the contingency funding plans to validate efficacy and assess readiness.
Our U.S. bank subsidiaries can access contingency funding through the Federal Reserve Discount Window. Certain non-U.S. subsidiaries have access to central bank facilities in the jurisdictions in which they operate. While we do not rely on these sources in our liquidity modeling, we maintain the policies, procedures and governance processes that would enable us to access these sources if necessary.
Credit Ratings
Our borrowing costs and ability to raise funds are impacted by our credit ratings. In addition, credit ratings may be important to customers or counterparties when we compete in certain markets  and  when  we seek  to engage in certain transactions,
including over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives. Thus, it is our objective to maintain high-quality credit ratings, and management maintains an active dialogue with the major rating agencies.
Credit ratings and outlooks are opinions expressed by rating agencies on our creditworthiness and that of our obligations or securities, including long-term debt, short-term borrowings, preferred stock and other securities, including asset securitizations. Our credit ratings are subject to ongoing review by the rating agencies, and they consider