California, N.A.
The amount of dividends that a subsidiary bank may declare in a calendar year without OCC approval is the subsidiary bank’s net profits for that year combined with its retained net profits for the preceding
two years
. Retained net profits, as defined by the OCC, consist of net income less dividends declared during the period. In 2025, BANA can declare and pay dividends of approximately $
13.0
billion to the Corporation plus an additional amount equal to its retained net profits for 2025 up to the date of any such dividend declaration.
NOTE 17
Employee Benefit Plans
Pension and Postretirement Plans
The Corporation sponsors a qualified noncontributory trusteed pension plan (Qualified Pension Plan), a number of noncontributory nonqualified pension plans and postretirement health and life plans that cover eligible employees. Non-U.S. pension plans sponsored by the Corporation vary based on the country and local practices.
The Qualified Pension Plan has a balance guarantee feature for account balances with participant-selected investments, applied at the time a benefit payment is made from the plan that effectively provides principal protection for participant balances transferred and certain compensation credits. The Corporation is responsible for funding any shortfall on the guarantee feature.
Benefits earned under the Qualified Pension Plan have been frozen. Thereafter, the cash balance accounts continue to earn investment credits or interest credits in accordance with the terms of the plan document.
The Corporation has an annuity contract that guarantees the payment of benefits vested under a terminated U.S. pension plan (Other Pension Plan). The Corporation, under a supplemental agreement, may be responsible for or benefit from actual experience and investment performance of the annuity assets. The Corporation made
no
contribution under this agreement in 2024 or 2023. Contributions may be required in the future under this agreement.
The Corporation’s noncontributory, nonqualified pension plans are unfunded and provide supplemental defined pension benefits to certain eligible employees.
In addition to retirement pension benefits, certain benefits-eligible employees may become eligible to continue participation as retirees in health care and/or life insurance plans sponsored by the Corporation. These plans are referred to as the Postretirement Health and Life Plans.
The Pension and Postretirement Plans table summarizes the changes in the fair value of plan assets, changes in the projected benefit obligation (PBO), the funded status of both the accumulated benefit obligation (ABO) and the PBO, and the weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations for the pension plans and postretirement plans at December 31, 2024 and 2023. The estimate of the Corporation’s PBO associated with these plans considers various actuarial assumptions, including assumptions for mortality rates and discount rates. The discount rate