with over 200 years of collective
experience working in the cybersecurity field, at the Corporation, in government, and other companies in various industries. Additionally, certain members of the GIS leadership team hold leadership roles in sector-specific information and infrastructure security organizations, including the Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center and the Financial Services Sector Coordinating Council. Employees across the Corporation also play a role in protecting the Corporation from cybersecurity threats and receive periodic training and education on cybersecurity-related topics.
Reputational Risk Management
Reputational risk is the risk that negative perception of the Corporation may adversely impact profitability or operations. Reputational risk may result from many of the Corporation’s activities, including those related to the management of strategic, operational, compliance, liquidity, market (price and interest rate) and credit risks.
The Corporation manages reputational risk through established policies and controls embedded throughout its business and risk management processes. We proactively monitor and identify potential reputational risk events and have processes established to mitigate reputational risks in a timely manner. If reputational risk events occur, we focus on remediating the underlying issue and taking action to minimize damage to the Corporation’s reputation. The Corporation has processes in place to respond to events that give rise to reputational risk, including educating, using policy influencers and implementing communication strategies, as applicable, to mitigate the impact. The Corporation’s organization and governance structure provides oversight of reputational risks through management and Board or Board committees. Each FLU has a MRC that is responsible for the oversight of reputational risk, including approval for business activities that present elevated levels of reputational risks. Additionally, reputational risk reporting is provided to senior management and the Board regularly.
Climate Risk Management
Climate risk is divided into two major categories, both of which span the seven key risk types discussed in Managing Risk on page 45: (1) Physical Risk: risks related to the physical impacts of climate change, driven by extreme weather events such as hurricanes and floods, as well as chronic longer-term shifts such as rising average global temperatures and sea levels, and (2) Transition Risk: risks related to the transition to a low-carbon economy, which may entail extensive policy, legal, technology and market changes.
Physical risks of climate change, such as more frequent and severe extreme weather events, can increase the Corporation’s risks, including credit risk by diminishing borrowers’ repayment capacity or collateral values, and operational risk by negatively impacting the Corporation’s facilities, employees, or third parties. Transition risks of climate change may