the risk, capital or liquidity positions as deemed appropriate to balance and optimize achieving the targeted risk appetite, shareholder returns and maintaining the targeted financial strength. Proprietary models are used to measure the capital requirements for credit, country, market, operational and strategic risks. The allocated capital assigned to each business is based on its unique risk profile. With oversight by the Board, executive management assesses the risk-adjusted returns of each business in approving strategic and financial operating plans. The businesses use allocated capital to define business strategies, and price products and transactions.
Capital Management
The Corporation manages its capital position so that its capital is more than adequate to support its business activities and aligns with risk, risk appetite and strategic planning. Additionally, we seek to maintain safety and soundness at all times, even under adverse scenarios, take advantage of organic growth opportunities, meet obligations to creditors and counterparties, maintain ready access to financial markets, continue to serve as a credit intermediary, remain a source of strength for our subsidiaries, and satisfy current and future regulatory capital requirements. Capital management is integrated into our risk and governance processes, as capital is a key consideration in the development of our strategic plan, risk appetite and risk limits.
We conduct an Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) on a periodic basis. The ICAAP is a forward-looking assessment of our projected capital needs and resources, incorporating earnings, balance sheet and risk forecasts under baseline and adverse economic and market conditions. We utilize periodic stress tests to assess the potential impacts to our balance sheet, earnings, regulatory capital and liquidity under a variety of stress scenarios. We perform qualitative risk assessments to identify and assess material risks not fully captured in our forecasts or stress tests. We assess the potential capital impacts of proposed changes to regulatory capital requirements. Management assesses ICAAP results and provides documented quarterly assessments of the adequacy of our capital guidelines and capital position to the Board or its committees.
We periodically review capital allocated to our businesses and allocate capital annually during the strategic and capital planning processes. For more information, see Business Segment Operations on page 35.
CCAR and Capital Planning
The Federal Reserve requires BHCs to submit a capital plan and planned capital actions on an annual basis, consistent with the rules governing capital planning and the stress capital buffer (SCB) requirement, which include supervisory stress testing by the Federal Reserve. Based on 2024 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) stress test results, our SCB is 3.2 percent effective from October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025.
On July 24, 2024,