align liquidity-related incentives and risks. These liquidity risk management practices have allowed us to effectively manage market fluctuations from the rising interest rate environment, inflationary pressures and changes in the macroeconomic environment.
We define liquidity as readily available assets, limited to cash and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities that we can use to meet our contractual and contingent financial obligations as they arise. We manage our liquidity position through line of business and ALM activities, as well as through our legal entity funding strategy, on both a forward and current (including intraday) basis under both expected and stressed conditions. We believe that a centralized approach to funding and liquidity management enhances our ability to monitor liquidity requirements, maximizes access to funding sources, minimizes borrowing costs and facilitates timely responses to liquidity events.
We provide centralized funding and liquidity management through a variety of activities, including monitoring of established limits, assessing exposures under both normal and stressed conditions and reviewing liquidity risk management processes and controls. Global Risk Management (GRM) provides oversight of liquidity management across the Corporation, including front-line units and legal entities. GRM oversees the liquidity risk management governance structure, establishes liquidity risk policies, and provides independent review and challenge of the Corporation's liquidity risk management processes.
For more information on the Corporation’s liquidity risks, see the Liquidity section within Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. For more information regarding global funding and liquidity risk management, as well as liquidity sources, liquidity arrangements, contingency planning and credit ratings discussed below, see Liquidity Risk in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
NB Holdings Corporation
Bank of America Corporation, as the parent company (the Parent), which is a separate and distinct legal entity from our bank and nonbank subsidiaries, has an intercompany arrangement with our wholly-owned holding company subsidiary, NB Holdings Corporation (NB Holdings). We have transferred, and agreed to transfer, additional Parent assets not required to satisfy anticipated near-term expenditures to NB Holdings. The Parent is expected to continue to have access to the same flow of dividends, interest and other amounts of cash necessary to service its debt, pay dividends and perform other obligations as it would have had it not entered into these arrangements and transferred any assets. These arrangements support our preferred single point of entry resolution strategy, under which only the Parent would be resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.
Global Liquidity Sources and Other Unencumbered Assets
We maintain liquidity available to the Corporation, including the