Information Security
We are subject to many U.S. federal, state and international laws and regulations governing requirements for maintaining policies and procedures regarding the collection, disclosure, use and protection of the personal information of our customers and employees. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires us to periodically disclose Bank of America’s privacy policies and practices relating to the disclosure of customer information and enables retail customers to opt out of our ability to share information with unaffiliated third parties, under certain circumstances. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and other laws also require us to implement a comprehensive information security program that includes administrative, technical and physical safeguards to provide the security and confidentiality of customer records and information. Security and privacy policies and procedures for the protection of personal and confidential information are in effect across all businesses and geographic locations.
Other laws and regulations, at the international, federal and state  level,  impact  our ability to share certain information with
affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/or non-marketing purposes, or contact customers with marketing offers and establish certain rights of consumers in connection with their personal information. For example, California’s Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), provides consumers with the
right to know what personal data is being collected, know whether their personal data is sold or disclosed and to whom and opt out of the sale of their personal data, among other rights. In addition
, in the EU and other countries around the world, similar laws, like the General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR),
afford those countries’ residents with certain rights related to their information and may impose additional obligations on financial institutions. These laws’ impact on the Corporation was assessed and addressed through comprehensive compliance implementation programs. These existing and evolving legal requirements in the U.S. and abroad, as well as court proceedings and changing guidance from regulatory bodies, including the validity of cross-border data transfer mechanisms from the EU and other jurisdictions, continue to lend uncertainty to privacy compliance globally.
Additionally, the Corporation is subject to evolving information security (including cybersecurity) LRRs enacted by U.S. federal and state governments and non-U.S. jurisdictions, including requirements to develop cybersecurity programs, policies and frameworks, as well as provide disclosure and/or notifications of certain cybersecurity incidents and data breaches.
Item 1A.  Risk Factors
The discussion below addresses our material risk factors of which we are aware. Any risk factor, either by itself or together with other risk factors, could materially and adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. References to