levels or high tariff rates, could result in additional currency volatility and recessionary conditions in a number of non-U.S. markets.
We are also subject to geopolitical risks, including economic sanctions, acts or threats of international or domestic terrorism, including responses by the U.S. or other governments thereto, corporate espionage, increased state-sponsored cyberattacks or campaigns, civil unrest and/or military conflicts, including the escalation of tensions between China and Taiwan, which could adversely affect business, market trade and general economic conditions abroad and in the U.S. The Russia/Ukraine conflict and the conflicts in the Middle East have magnified such risks and resulted in regional instability, and adverse developments in or expansion of these conflicts could negatively impact commodity and other financial markets, as well as economic conditions. Widening regional conflicts resulting in the involvement of neighboring countries and/or North Atlantic Treaty Organization member countries and/or military conflicts in other areas of the world could result in additional economic disruptions, financial market volatility, higher inflation and changes to asset valuations, which could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our results of operations.
Business Operations
A failure in or breach of our operations or information systems, or those of third parties or the financial services industry, could cause disruptions, adversely impact our businesses, results of operations and financial condition, and cause legal or reputational harm.
Operational risk exposure exists throughout our organization, including risks arising from our operations and information systems, which comprise the hardware, software, infrastructure, backup systems and other technology that we own or use to collect, process, maintain, use, share, transmit or dispose of information, including personal and/or confidential employee, client and third-party information, which are integral to the performance of our businesses. Our extensive interactions with, and reliance on, third parties and the financial services industry, including the processing and reporting of a large number of complex transactions at increasing speeds in many currencies and jurisdictions create additional operational risk to us.
Our operations and information systems and components thereof, and those of our third parties, have been, and in the
future will likely be, ineffective or fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that may be wholly or partially beyond our or such third party’s control. Such events have adversely affected, and in the future could adversely affect, physical site access of our operations, the safeguarding of information and our ability to process transactions, provide services to our clients and perform other operations, including reporting and decision-making. Short-term or prolonged