regulated entities also hold unencumbered investment-grade securities and equities that we believe could be used to generate additional liquidity.
Table 13 presents the composition of average GLS for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and
December 31, 2024
.
Our GLS are substantially the same in composition to what qualifies as High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) under the final U.S. Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) rules. However, HQLA for purposes of calculating LCR is not reported at market value, but at a lower value that incorporates regulatory deductions and the exclusion of excess liquidity held at certain subsidiaries. The LCR is calculated as the amount of a financial institution’s unencumbered HQLA relative to the estimated net cash outflows the institution could encounter over a 30-day period of significant liquidity stress, expressed as a percentage. Our average consolidated HQLA, on a net basis, was $629 billion and $623 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and
December 31, 2024
. For the same periods, the average consolidated LCR was 112 percent and 113 percent. Our LCR fluctuates due to normal business flows from customer activity.
Liquidity Stress Analysis
We utilize liquidity stress analysis to assist us in determining the appropriate amounts of liquidity to maintain at the Parent and our subsidiaries to meet contractual and contingent cash outflows under a range of scenarios. For more information on liquidity stress analysis, see Liquidity Risk – Liquidity Stress Analysis in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Net Stable Funding Ratio
The Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) is a liquidity requirement for large banks to maintain a minimum level of stable funding over a one-year period. The requirement is intended to support the ability of banks to lend to households and businesses in both normal and adverse economic conditions and is complementary to the LCR, which focuses on short-term liquidity risks. The U.S. NSFR applies to the Corporation on a consolidated basis and to our insured depository institutions. At March 31, 2025,  the  Corporation  and  its  insured  depository
institutions were in compliance with the U.S. NSFR. For more information, see the Pillar 3 U.S. NSFR Disclosure report for the quarters ended December 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024
on the Corporation’s website, the contents of which are not incorporated by  reference  into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Diversified Funding Sources
We fund our assets primarily with a mix of deposits, and secured and unsecured liabilities through a centralized, globally coordinated funding approach diversified across products, programs, markets, currencies and investor groups. We fund a substantial portion of our lending activities through our deposits, which were $1.99 trillion and $1.97 trillion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. Our trading activities in other regulated entities are primarily funded on a secured basis through