global corporations, financial institutions and leasing clients. Global Commercial Banking clients generally include middle-market companies, commercial real estate firms and  not-for-profit  companies.  Business Banking clients include
mid-sized U.S.-based businesses requiring customized and integrated financial advice and solutions.
Net income for
Global Banking
decreased $2.1 billion to $8.1 billion driven by higher provision for credit losses, lower revenue and higher noninterest expense.
Net interest income decreased $1.4 billion to $13.2 billion primarily due to higher deposit costs and lower average loan balances, partially offset by the benefit of higher average deposit balances.
Noninterest income increased $572 million to $10.7 billion due to higher investment banking fees and treasury service charges, partially offset by lower leasing-related revenue.
The provision for credit losses increased $1.5 billion to $883 million primarily driven by the commercial real estate office portfolio compared to a benefit in the prior year due to certain improved macroeconomic conditions.
Noninterest expense increased $509 million to $11.9 billion primarily due to continued investments in the business, including people, technology and operations.
The return on average allocated capital was 17 percent, down from 21 percent, due to lower net income. For information on capital allocated to the business segments, see Business Segment Operations on page 35.
Global Corporate, Global Commercial and Business Banking
Global Corporate, Global Commercial and Business Banking each include Business Lending and Global Transaction Services activities. Business Lending includes various lending-related products and services, and related hedging activities, including commercial loans, leases, commitment facilities, trade finance,
real estate lending and asset-based lending. Global Transaction Services includes deposits, treasury management, credit card, foreign exchange and short-term investment products. The following table and discussion present a summary of the results, which exclude certain investment banking and other activities in
Global Banking
.
Business lending revenue decreased $476 million in 2024 compared to 2023 primarily driven by lower net interest income and lower leasing-related revenue, partially offset by higher tax credit activity in affordable housing.
Global Transaction Services revenue decreased $911 million in 2024 compared to 2023 primarily driven by higher deposit costs, partially offset by the benefit of higher average deposit balances and treasury service charges.
Average loans and leases of $373.1 billion decreased one percent in 2024 compared to 2023 due to lower client demand. Average deposits of $545.8 billion increased eight percent in 2024 compared to 2023 due to growth in both domestic and international balances.
Global Investment Banking
Client teams and product specialists underwrite and distribute debt, equity and loan products, and