review, measure and manage concentrations of credit exposure by industry, product, geography, customer relationship and loan size. We also review, measure and manage commercial real estate loans by geographic location and property type. In addition, within our non-U.S. portfolio, we evaluate exposures by region and by country. Tables 29, 31 and 34 summarize our concentrations. We also utilize syndications of exposure to third parties, loan sales, hedging and other risk mitigation techniques to manage the size and risk profile of the commercial credit portfolio. For more information on our industry concentrations, see Table 31 and Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Industry Concentrations on page 33.
For more information on our accounting policies regarding delinquencies, nonperforming status and net charge-offs, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and
Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Commercial Credit Portfolio
Outstanding commercial loans and leases increased $11.8 billion during the three months ended March 31, 2025 due to growth in U.S. and non-U.S. commercial, primarily in
Global Markets and Global Banking.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, commercial credit quality deteriorated as reservable criticized utilized exposure increased primarily driven by commercial real estate due to the sustained high interest rate environment. Nonperforming commercial loans increased $142 million during the three months ended March 31, 2025, primarily in non-U.S. commercial and commercial real estate. Commercial net charge-offs decreased $137 million compared
to the same period in 2024 primarily due to lower charge-offs in the commercial real estate office portfolio.
With the exception of the office property type, which is further discussed in the Commercial Real Estate section herein, credit quality of commercial borrowers has remained relatively stable since December 31, 2024; however, we are closely monitoring emerging trends, including ongoing negotiations regarding international trade policies, as well as borrower performance in the current environment. Recent demand for office space continues to be stagnant, and future demand for office space continues to be uncertain as companies evaluate space needs with employment models that utilize a mix of remote and conventional office use.
The commercial allowance for loan and lease losses of $4.7 billion remained relatively unchanged during the three months ended March 31, 2025. For more information, see Allowance for Credit Losses on page 36.
Total commercial utilized credit exposure increased $1.3 billion during the three months ended March 31, 2025 to $740.8 billion driven by higher loans and leases partially offset by decreases in derivative assets and loans held-for-sale. The utilization rate