reputation, increase our servicing costs or losses due to potential indemnification obligations, result in litigation or regulatory action or adversely impact our results of operations. Also, foreclosures may result in costs, litigation or losses due to irregularities in the underlying documentation, or if the validity of a foreclosure action is challenged by a borrower or overturned by a court because of errors or deficiencies in the foreclosure process. We may also incur costs or losses relating to delays or alleged deficiencies in processing documents necessary to comply with state law governing foreclosure.
Changes in the structure of and relationship among the GSEs could adversely impact our business.
We rely on the GSEs to guarantee or purchase certain mortgage loans that meet their conforming loan requirements. During 2024, we sold approximately $1.5 billion of loans to GSEs, primarily Freddie Mac (FHLMC). FHLMC and Fannie Mae are currently in conservatorship, with the Federal Housing Finance Agency acting as conservator. While there have been
periodic proposals to remove or exit the GSEs from conservatorship and eliminate the perceived “implicit guarantee” associated with the GSEs, none have been successful. We cannot predict the future prospects of the GSEs, including the timing of any recapitalization or release from conservatorship, or any legislative or rulemaking proposals regarding the GSEs’ status in the housing market. If the GSEs take a reduced role in the marketplace, including by limiting the mortgage products they offer, we could be required to seek alternative funding sources, retain additional loans on our balance sheet, secure funding through the Federal Home Loan Bank system, or securitize the loans through Private Label Securitization, which could increase our cost of funds related to the origination of new mortgage loans, increase credit risk and/or impact our capacity to originate new mortgage loans. These developments could adversely affect our securities portfolios, capital levels, liquidity and results of operations.
Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risk and reducing the potential for losses.
Our risk management framework is designed to minimize our risk and loss. We seek to effectively and consistently identify, measure, monitor, report and control the risk types to which we are subject, including the seven key risk types we face. Risks also may span across multiple key risk types, including cybersecurity risk, climate risk, legal risk and concentration risk. While we employ a broad and diversified set of controls and risk mitigation techniques, including modeling and forecasting, hedging strategies and techniques seeking to balance our ability to profit from trading positions with our exposure to potential losses, we are inherently limited by our ability to identify and measure all risks, including emerging and unknown risks, anticipate the timing and impact of risks, apply effective