benefits and/or the requirement to make adjustments to amounts recorded, which could be material.
Also, we have U.K. net deferred tax assets (DTA) which consist primarily of net operating losses that are expected to be realized in a U.K. subsidiary over an extended number of years. Adverse developments with respect to tax laws or to other material factors, such as prolonged worsening of international capital markets or changes in the ability of our U.K. subsidiary to conduct business in the markets outside the U.K., could lead our management to reassess and/or change its current conclusion that no valuation allowance is necessary with respect to our U.K. net DTA.
Reputation
Damage to our reputation could harm our businesses, including our competitive position and business prospects.
Our ability to attract and retain clients, investors and employees is impacted by our reputation. Harm to our reputation can arise from various sources, including actual or perceived activities of our officers, directors, employees, other representatives, clients and third parties, including counterparties, such as fraud, misconduct and unethical behavior, adequacy of our ability to detect, prevent and/or respond to fraud perpetrated against our clients, and the handling of related disputes regarding the use of our products
and services, including electronic payments, effectiveness of our internal controls, the fees charged to our clients, including overdraft and non-sufficient funds fees, compensation practices, lending practices, suitability or reasonableness of particular trading or investment strategies, the services offered to our clients, the reliability of our research and models and prohibiting clients from engaging in certain transactions.
Our reputation may also be harmed by actual or perceived failure to deliver the products, standards of service and quality expected by our clients and the community, including the overstatement or mislabeling of the environmental benefits of our products, services or transactions, the failure to protect our clients and/or recognize and address client complaints, compliance failures, technology changes, the implementation, management and use of emerging technologies, including AI, the failure to maintain effective data management, cybersecurity incidents and information and security breaches affecting us and our employees, clients and
third parties,
which have occurred and which we expect to continue to occur with increased frequency and severity, prolonged or repeated system outages, our privacy policies, the unintended disclosure of or failure to safeguard personal, proprietary or confidential information, the breach of our fiduciary obligations, employment practices and the handling of widespread health emergencies or pandemics. Our reputation may also be harmed by litigation and/or regulatory matters and their outcomes, and/or criticism or challenges by third parties, relating to the topics discussed above or otherwise.