Additionally, the Corporation may choose to discontinue a hedge relationship at any time.
Fair value hedges are used to protect against changes in the fair value of the Corporation’s assets and liabilities that are attributable to interest rate or foreign exchange volatility. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as fair value hedges are recorded in earnings, together and in the same income statement line item with changes in the fair value of the related hedged item. If a derivative instrument in a fair value hedge is terminated or the hedge designation removed, the previous adjustments to the carrying value of the hedged asset or liability are subsequently accounted for in the same manner as other components of the carrying value of that asset or liability. For interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, such adjustments are amortized to earnings over the remaining life of the respective asset or liability.
Cash flow hedges are used primarily to minimize the variability in cash flows of assets and liabilities or forecasted transactions caused by interest rate or foreign exchange rate fluctuations. The Corporation also uses cash flow hedges to hedge the price risk associated with deferred compensation. Changes in the fair value of derivatives used in cash flow
hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (OCI) and are reclassified into the line item in the income statement in which the hedged item is recorded in the same period the hedged item affects earnings. Components of a derivative that are excluded in assessing hedge effectiveness are recorded in the same income statement line item as the hedged item.
Net investment hedges are used to manage the foreign exchange rate sensitivity arising from a net investment in a foreign operation. Changes in the spot prices of derivatives that are designated as net investment hedges of foreign operations are recorded as a component of accumulated OCI. The remaining components of these derivatives are excluded in assessing hedge effectiveness and are recorded in market making and similar activities.
Securities
Debt securities are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at their trade date. Their classification is dependent on the purpose for which the securities were acquired. Debt securities purchased for use in the Corporation’s trading activities are reported in trading account assets at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in market making and similar activities. Substantially all other debt securities purchased are used in the Corporation’s asset and liability management (ALM) activities and are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as either debt securities carried at fair value or as held-to-maturity (HTM) debt securities. Debt securities carried at fair value are either available-for-sale (AFS) securities with unrealized gains and losses net-of-tax included in accumulated OCI or carried at fair value with unrealized gains and