preferred stock, paying a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared.
(8)
Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,200th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared.
(9)
Subject to
3.00
% minimum rate per annum.
n/a = not applicable
NOTE 14
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
The table below presents the changes in accumulated OCI after-tax for 2024, 2023 and 2022.
The table below presents the net change in fair value recorded in accumulated OCI, net realized gains and losses reclassified into earnings and other changes for each component of OCI pre- and after-tax for 2024, 2023 and 2022.
(1)
Reclassifications of pretax debt securities, DVA and foreign currency (gains) losses are recorded in other income in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
(2)
Reclassifications of pretax employee benefit plan costs are recorded in other general operating expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
NOTE 15
Earnings Per Common Share
The calculation of EPS and diluted EPS for 2024, 2023 and 2022 is presented below. For more information on the calculation of EPS, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.
(1)
Includes incremental dilutive shares from preferred stock, restricted stock units, restricted stock and warrants.
For 2024, 2023 and 2022,
62
million average dilutive potential common shares associated with the Series L preferred stock were not included in the diluted share count because the result would have been antidilutive under the “if-converted” method
.
NOTE 16
Regulatory Requirements and
Restrictions
The Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC (collectively, U.S. banking regulators) jointly establish regulatory capital adequacy rules, including Basel 3, for U.S. banking organizations. As a financial holding company, the Corporation is subject to capital adequacy rules issued by the Federal Reserve. The Corporation’s banking entity affiliates are subject to capital adequacy rules issued by the OCC.
The Corporation and its primary banking entity affiliate, BANA, are Advanced approaches institutions under Basel 3. As Advanced approaches institutions, the Corporation and its
banking entity affiliates are required to report regulatory risk-based capital ratios and risk-weighted assets under both the Standardized and Advanced approaches. The approach that yields the lower ratio is used to assess capital adequacy, including under the Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) framework.
The Corporation is required to maintain a minimum supplementary leverage ratio (SLR) of 3.0 percent plus a leverage buffer of 2.0 percent in order to avoid certain restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. The Corporation’s insured depository institution subsidiaries are required to maintain a minimum 6.0 percent SLR to be considered well capitalized under the PCA framework.
The following table presents capital ratios and