made, see
Note 21 – Fair Value Option
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The following tables provide
information about the fair value carrying amount and the contractual principal outstanding of assets and liabilities accounted for under the fair value option at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, and information about where changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities accounted for under the fair value option are included in the Consolidated Statement of Income for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
(1)
A significant portion of the loans reported as trading account assets and LHFS are distressed loans that were purchased at a deep discount to par, and the remainder are loans with a fair value near contractual principal outstanding.
n/a = not applicable
(1)
The gains (losses) in market making and similar activities are primarily offset by (losses) gains on trading liabilities that hedge these assets.
(2)
Includes the value of IRLCs on funded loans, including those sold during the period.
(3)
The net gains (losses) in market making and similar activities relate to the embedded derivatives in structured liabilities and are typically offset by (losses) gains on derivatives and securities that hedge these liabilities. For the cumulative impact of changes in the Corporation’s own credit spreads and the amount recognized in accumulated OCI, see
Note 12 – Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
. For more information on how the Corporation’s own credit spread is determined, see
Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K
.
(4)
Includes gains (losses) on other assets, long-term deposits and federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase.
NOTE 16
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The following disclosures include financial instruments that are not carried at fair value or only a portion of the ending balance is carried at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Certain loans, deposits, long-term debt, unfunded lending commitments and other financial instruments are accounted for under the fair value option. For more information, see
Note 21 – Fair Value Option
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The carrying values and fair values by fair value hierarchy of certain financial instruments where only a portion of the ending balance was carried at fair value at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 are presented in the table below.
(1)
Includes demand deposits of $
896.0
billion and $
892.9
billion with
no
stated maturities at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
(2)
The carrying value of commercial unfunded lending commitments is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Corporation does not estimate