Act.
☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.
☑
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.
☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b)
.
☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes
☐
No
☑
As of June 30, 2024, the aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock (Common Stock) held by non-affiliates was approximately $
309,201,944,388
. At February 24, 2025, there were
7,604,677,274
shares of Common Stock outstanding.
Documents incorporated by reference:
Portions of the definitive proxy statement relating to the registrant’s 2025 annual meeting of shareholders are incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K in response to Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III.
Table of Contents
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Part I
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Item 1.  Business
Bank of America Corporation is a Delaware corporation, a bank holding company (BHC) and a financial holding company. When used in this report, “Bank of America,” “the Corporation,” “we,” “us” and “our” may refer to Bank of America Corporation individually, Bank of America Corporation and its subsidiaries, or certain of Bank of America Corporation’s subsidiaries or affiliates. As part of our efforts to streamline the Corporation’s organizational structure and reduce complexity and costs, the Corporation has reduced and intends to continue to reduce the number of its corporate subsidiaries, including through intercompany mergers.
Bank of America is one of the world’s largest financial institutions, serving individual consumers, small- and middle-market businesses, institutional investors, large corporations and governments with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. Our principal executive offices are located in the Bank of America Corporate Center, 100 North Tryon Street, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255.
Bank of America’s website is www.bankofamerica.com, and the Investor Relations portion of our website is https://investor.bankofamerica.com. We use our website to distribute company information, including as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations