arrangements. For more information on lease accounting, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles
and
Note 8 – Leases
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. For more information on lease financing receivables, see
Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses.
Lessor Arrangements
The Corporation’s lessor arrangements primarily consist of operating, sales-type and direct financing leases for equipment. Lease agreements may include options to renew and for the lessee to purchase the leased equipment at the end of the lease term.
The table below presents the net investment in sales-type and direct financing leases at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
(1)
In certain cases, the Corporation obtains third-party residual value insurance to reduce its residual asset risk. The carrying value of residual assets with third-party residual value insurance for at least a portion of the asset value was $
8.3
billion and $
8.0
billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
The table below presents lease income for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Lessee Arrangements
The Corporation's lessee arrangements predominantly consist of operating leases for premises and equipment; the Corporation's financing leases are not significant.
The table below provides information on the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
NOTE 9
Securities Financing Agreements, Collateral and Restricted Cash
The Corporation enters into securities financing agreements which include securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase. These financing agreements (also referred to as “matched-book transactions”) are to accommodate customers, obtain securities to cover short positions and finance inventory positions. The Corporation elects to account for certain securities financing agreements under the fair value option. For more information on the fair value option, see
Note 15 – Fair Value Option
.
Offsetting of Securities Financing Agreements
The Securities Financing Agreements table presents securities financing agreements included on the Consolidated Balance
Sheet in federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell, and in federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. Balances are presented on a gross basis, prior to the application of counterparty netting. Gross assets and liabilities are adjusted on an aggregate basis to take into consideration the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements. For more information on the offsetting of derivatives, see
Note 3 – Derivatives.
For more information on the securities financing agreements and the offsetting of securities financing transactions, see
Note 10 – Securities Financing Agreements, Short-