our debt instruments to provide liquidity for investors.
At December 31, 2024, Bank of America Corporation's senior notes of
$180.3 billion
included
$167.5 billion
of outstanding notes, substantially all of which are both TLAC eligible and callable at least one year before their stated maturities. Of these senior notes,
$22.1 billion
will be callable and become TLAC ineligible during
2025
, and
$21.6 billion
,
$24.9 billion
,
$19.5 billion
and
$8.0 billion
will do so during each of
2026
through
2029
, respectively, and
$71.4 billion
thereafter.
We issue long-term unsecured debt in a variety of maturities and currencies to achieve cost-efficient funding and to maintain an appropriate maturity profile. While the cost and availability of unsecured funding may be negatively impacted by general market conditions or by matters specific to the financial services industry or the Corporation, we seek to mitigate refinancing risk by actively managing the amount of our borrowings that we anticipate will mature within any month or quarter. We may issue unsecured debt in the form of structured notes for client purposes, certain of which qualify as TLAC-eligible debt. During
2024, we issued
$28.2 billion
of structured notes, which are debt obligations that pay investors returns linked to other debt or equity securities, indices, currencies or commodities. We typically hedge the returns we are obligated to pay on these liabilities with derivatives and/or investments in the underlying instruments, so that from a funding perspective, the cost is similar to our other unsecured long-term debt. We could be required to settle certain structured note obligations for cash or other securities prior to maturity under certain circumstances, which we consider for liquidity planning purposes. We believe, however, that a portion of such borrowings will remain outstanding beyond the earliest put or redemption date.
Substantially all of our senior and subordinated debt obligations contain no provisions that could trigger a requirement for an early repayment, require additional collateral support, result in changes to terms, accelerate maturity or create additional financial obligations upon an adverse change in our credit ratings, financial ratios, earnings, cash flows or stock price. For more information on long-term debt funding, including issuances and maturities and redemptions, see
Note 11 – Long-term Debt
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
We use derivative transactions to manage the duration, interest rate and currency risks of our borrowings, considering the characteristics of the assets they are funding. For more information on our ALM activities, see Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book on page 78.
Uninsured Deposits
The FDIC insures the Corporation’s U.S. deposits up to $250,000 per depositor, per insured bank for each account ownership category, and various country-specific funds insure non-U.S. deposits up to specified limits. Deposits that