GWIM's
credit card portfolio.
(2)
Calculated as the effective annual percentage rate divided by average loans.
(3)
Calculated as the difference between total revenue, net of interest expense, and net credit losses divided by average loans.
Total risk-adjusted margin decreased 85 bps primarily driven by higher net credit losses, partially offset by higher net interest margin and higher net fee income. Total credit card purchase volumes increased $5.7 billion to $368.9 billion, and debit card purchase volumes increased $29.9 billion to $557.0 billion, reflecting higher levels of consumer spending.
(1)
The loan production amounts represent the unpaid principal balance of loans and, in the case of home equity, the principal amount of the total line of credit.
(2)
In addition to loan production in
Consumer Banking
, there is also first mortgage and home equity loan production in
GWIM.
First mortgage loan originations for
Consumer Banking
and the total Corporation increased
$1.1 billion
and
$1.7 billion
primarily driven by higher demand.
Home equity production in
Consumer Banking
and the total Corporation decreased $878 million and $930 million primarily driven by lower demand.
Global Wealth & Investment Management
GWIM
consists of two primary businesses: Merrill Wealth Management and
Bank of America Private Bank.
Merrill Wealth Management’s advisory business provides a high-touch client experience through a network of financial advisors focused on clients with over $250,000 in total investable assets. Merrill Wealth Management provides tailored solutions to meet clients’ needs through a full set of investment management, brokerage, banking and retirement products.
Bank of America Private Bank, together with Merrill Wealth Management’s Private Wealth Management business, provides comprehensive wealth management solutions targeted to high net worth and ultra high net worth clients, as well as customized solutions to meet clients’ wealth structuring, investment management, trust and banking needs, including specialty asset management services.
Net income for
GWIM
increased $316 million to $4.3 billion primarily due to higher revenue, partially offset by higher noninterest expense. The operating margin was 25 percent, unchanged from the same period a year ago.
Net interest income decreased $178 million to $7.0 billion primarily driven by lower average deposit balances.
Noninterest income, which primarily includes investment and brokerage services income, increased $2.0 billion to $16.0 billion. The increase was primarily driven by higher asset management fees due to higher average equity market
valuations and positive AUM flows, as well as higher brokerage fees due to increased transactional volume, partially offset by the impact of lower AUM pricing.
Noninterest expense increased $1.4 billion to $17.2 billion primarily due to higher revenue-related incentives.
The return on average allocated capital was 23 percent, up from 21 percent, due to higher net