providers, as well as effectively operating the Corporation’s processes. Our business continuity policies and procedures are designed to maintain the availability of business functions and enable impacted units within the Corporation and its third-party service providers to achieve strategic objectives in the event of a cybersecurity incident. In accordance with the Corporation’s cyber incident response framework, GIS, including its incident response team, tracks, documents, responds to and analyzes cybersecurity threats and cybersecurity incidents, including those experienced by the Corporation’s third-party service providers that may impact the Corporation. Additionally, the Corporation has a process for assembling multi-stakeholder executive response teams to monitor and coordinate cross-functional responses to certain cybersecurity incidents.
As part of the GIS Program, the Corporation leverages both internal and external assessments and industry partnerships.
The Corporation engages third-party assessors, consultants, auditors and other third-party professionals to evaluate and test its cybersecurity program and provide guidance on operating and improving the GIS Program, including the design and operational effectiveness of the security and resiliency of our information systems.
The Corporation focuses on and has processes to oversee cybersecurity risk associated with its third-party service providers. As part of its cybersecurity risk management processes, the Corporation maintains an enterprise-wide program that defines standards for the planning, sourcing, management, and oversight of third-party relationships and third-party access to its information system, facilities, and/or confidential or proprietary data. The Corporation has established security requirements applicable to third-party service providers, and where permitted by contract, cybersecurity diligence is conducted to assess the alignment of third-party service providers’ cybersecurity programs with the Corporation’s cybersecurity requirements.
While we and our third parties have experienced cybersecurity incidents, as well as adverse impacts from such incidents, we have not experienced material losses or other material consequences relating to cybersecurity incidents experienced by us or our third parties. However, we expect to
continue to experience cybersecurity incidents resulting in adverse impacts with increased frequency and severity due to the evolving threat environment including the increasing use of AI, such as generative AI and machine learning, for cybersecurity threat and cyberattack purposes, and there can be no assurance that future cybersecurity incidents, including incidents experienced by our third parties, will not have a material adverse impact on the Corporation, including its business strategy, results of operations and/or financial condition.
Governance
Through established governance structures, the Corporation has policies and procedures to help