portion of the total allowance for credit losses, incorporate those risks that are not fully captured in the modeled reserves. For example, as of March 31, 2025, the risks captured in the qualitative adjustments have the equivalent impact of a 100 basis point level shift in the Corporation’s weighted-average unemployment rate. There were no significant changes to the qualitative reserves at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
The allowance for credit losses increased $
30
million from December 31, 2024 to $
14.4
billion at March 31, 2025. The change in the allowance for credit losses was comprised of a net increase of $
16
million in the allowance for loan and lease losses and an increase of $
14
million in the reserve for unfunded lending commitments. The increase in the allowance for credit losses was attributed to increases in the commercial portfolio of $
48
million and the consumer real estate portfolio of $
47
million, partially offset by a decrease in the credit card and other consumer portfolios of $
65
million. The provision for credit losses increased $
161
million to $
1.5
billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. The provision for credit losses for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was primarily driven by credit card loans.
Outstanding loans and leases excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option increased $
13.7
billion during the three months ended March 31, 2025 driven by commercial, which increased $
10.6
billion due to broad-based growth, and consumer driven by a $
7.0
billion increase in residential mortgage primarily due to a loan portfolio acquisition, partially offset by a $
3.8
billion seasonal decline in credit card.
The changes in the allowance for credit losses, including net charge-offs and provision for loan and lease losses, are detailed in the table below.
NOTE 6
Securitizations and Other Variable Interest Entities
The Corporation utilizes VIEs in the ordinary course of business to support its own and its customers’ financing and investing needs. The Corporation routinely securitizes loans and debt securities using VIEs as a source of funding for the Corporation and as a means of transferring the economic risk of the loans or debt securities to third parties. The assets are transferred into a trust or other securitization vehicle such that the assets are legally isolated from the creditors of the Corporation and are not available to satisfy its obligations. These assets can only be used to settle obligations of the trust or other securitization vehicle. The Corporation also administers, structures or invests in other VIEs including CDOs, investment vehicles and other entities. For more information on the Corporation’s use of VIEs, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles
and
Note 6 – Securitizations and Other Variable Interest Entities
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K
.
The