have a material adverse impact on us, including our businesses, results of operations and financial condition.
Future cybersecurity incidents, information or security breaches or technology failures suffered by us or our third parties could result in disruption to our day-to-day business activities and an inability to effect transactions, execute trades, service our clients, safeguard information, manage our exposure to risk, expand our businesses, detect and prevent fraudulent or unauthorized transactions, including transactions impacting our clients, maintain information systems access and business operations and client services, in the U.S. and/or globally. Also, we could experience the loss of clients and business opportunities, the withdrawal of client deposits, the misappropriation, alteration or destruction of our or our third parties’ intellectual property or confidential information, the unauthorized access to or temporary or permanent loss or theft of information, including of our employees and clients, significant lost revenue, increased risk of fraudulent transactions, losses and claims brought by third parties, violations of applicable privacy, cybersecurity and other LRRs, litigation exposure, economic sanctions, enforcement actions, government fines, penalties or intervention and other negative consequences. Although we maintain cyber insurance, there can be no assurance that liabilities or losses we may incur will be covered under such policies or that the amount of insurance will be adequate. In the case of any cybersecurity incident, information or security breach or technology failure arising from third-party systems impacting us, any third-party indemnification may not be applicable or sufficient to address the impact of such cybersecurity incidents, information or security breaches or technology failures, including monetary losses of the Corporation. The occurrence of any of the events described above could adversely impact our businesses, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, and cause reputational harm, whether such events are actual or perceived.
Failure to satisfy our obligations as servicer for residential mortgage securitizations, loans owned by other entities and other related losses could adversely impact our reputation, servicing costs or results of operations.
We service mortgage loans on behalf of third-party securitization vehicles and other investors. If a material breach of our obligations as servicer or master servicer is committed, we may be subject to termination if the breach is not cured timely following notice, which could cause us to lose servicing income. We may also have liability for any failure by us or a third party, as a servicer or master servicer to adhere to or perform the required servicing obligation in accordance with the terms of the servicing agreements that result in impairment or loss to the loans’ owner. If any such breach was found to have occurred, it may harm our