lending) and 49 percent was included in
GWIM
(principally securities-based lending loans). Outstandings
in the direct/indirect portfolio increased $3.7 billion in 2024 to $107.1 billion driven by increases in securities-based lending and consumer auto.
Table 26 presents certain state concentrations for the direct/indirect consumer loan portfolio.
Other Consumer
Other consumer primarily consists of deposit overdraft balances. Net charge-offs decreased $185 million to $295 million in 2024 compared to 2023, primarily driven by lower overdraft losses from fraud activity.
Nonperforming Consumer Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity
Table 27 presents nonperforming consumer loans, leases and foreclosed properties activity during 2024 and 2023. During 2024, nonperforming consumer loans of $2.6 billion remained relatively unchanged.
At December 31, 2024, $459 million, or 17 percent, of nonperforming loans were 180 days or more past due and had been written down to their estimated property value less costs to sell. In addition, at December 31, 2024, $1.5 billion, or 58 percent, of nonperforming consumer loans were current and classified as nonperforming loans in accordance with applicable policies.
Foreclosed properties decreased $14 million in 2024 to $89 million.
(1)
Consumer loans may be returned to performing status when all principal and interest is current and full repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest is expected, or when the loan otherwise becomes well-secured and is in the process of collection.
(2)
Includes repossessed non-real estate assets of $29 million and $20 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(3)
Outstanding consumer loans and leases exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option.
Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management
Credit risk management for the commercial portfolio begins with an assessment of the credit risk profile of the borrower or counterparty based on an analysis of its financial position. As part of the overall credit risk assessment, our commercial credit exposures are assigned a risk rating and are subject to approval based on defined credit approval standards. Subsequent to loan origination, risk ratings are monitored on an ongoing basis, and if necessary, adjusted to reflect changes in the financial condition, cash flow, risk profile or outlook of a borrower or counterparty. In making credit decisions, we consider risk rating, collateral, country, industry and single-name concentration limits while also balancing these considerations with the total borrower or counterparty relationship. We use a variety of tools to continuously monitor the ability of a borrower or counterparty to perform under its obligations. We use risk rating aggregations to measure and evaluate concentrations within portfolios. In addition, risk ratings are a factor in determining the level of allocated capital and the allowance for credit losses.
As part of our ongoing risk mitigation initiatives, we