accounted for under the fair value option. Amounts include net unrealized gains of $
25
million and $
11
million related to financial instruments still held at March 31, 2025 and 2024.
(4)
Net derivative assets (liabilities) include derivative assets of $
3.5
billion and $
3.8
billion and derivative liabilities of $
5.0
billion and $
6.5
billion at March 31, 2025 and 2024.
(5)
Amounts represent instruments that are accounted for under the fair value option.
(6)
Issuances represent loan originations and MSRs recognized following securitizations or whole-loan sales.
(7)
Settlements primarily represent the net change in fair value of the MSR asset due to the recognition of modeled cash flows and the passage of time.
The following tables present information about significant unobservable inputs related to the Corporation’s material categories of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
(1)
For loans and securities, structured liabilities and net derivative assets (liabilities), the weighted average is calculated based upon the absolute fair value of the instruments.
(2)
The categories are aggregated based upon product type, which differs from financial statement classification. The following is a reconciliation to the line items in the table on page 83: Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other of $
1.9
billion, Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt of $
242
million, Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS of $
987
million, AFS debt securities of $
1.0
billion, Other debt securities carried at fair value - Non-agency residential of $
51
million, Other assets, including MSRs, of $
2.0
billion, Loans and leases of $
125
million and LHFS of $
123
million.
(3)
Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation and Black-Scholes.
(4)
Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation, Black-Scholes and other methods that model the joint dynamics of interest, inflation and foreign exchange rates.
(5)
The weighted-average life is a product of changes in market rates of interest, prepayment rates and other model and cash flow assumptions.
CPR = Constant Prepayment Rate
CDR = Constant Default Rate
MMBtu = Million British thermal units
IR = Interest Rate
FX = Foreign Exchange
n/a = not applicable
(1)
For loans and securities, structured liabilities and net derivative assets (liabilities), the weighted average is calculated based upon the absolute fair value of the instruments.
(2)
The categories are aggregated based upon product type, which differs from financial statement classification. The following is a reconciliation to the line items in the table on page 84: Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other of $
1.8
billion, Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt of $
344
million, Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS of $
978
million, AFS debt securities of $
611
million, Other debt securities carried at