U.S. and abroad, which could result in additional costs of compliance, litigation, regulatory fines and enforcement actions. There remains complexity and uncertainty, including potential suspension or prohibition, regarding data transfer because of concerns over compliance with LRRs for cross-border flows and transfers of personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) to the U.S. and other jurisdictions outside of the EEA, resulting from judicial and regulatory guidance. Other jurisdictions, including China and India, have commenced consultation efforts or enacted new legislation or regulations to establish standards for personal data transfers. If cross-border personal data transfers are suspended or restricted or we are required to implement distinct processes for each jurisdiction’s standards, this could result in operational disruptions to our businesses, additional costs, increased enforcement activity, new contract negotiations with third parties, and/or modification of such data management.
As part of their enforcement authority, our regulators and other government authorities have the authority to, among other things, conduct investigations and assess significant civil or criminal monetary fines, penalties or restitution, issue cease and desist orders, suspend or withdraw licenses and authorizations, initiate injunctive action, apply regulatory sanctions or cause us to enter into consent orders. The amounts paid by us and other financial institutions to settle proceedings or investigations have, in some instances, been substantial and may increase. In some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas or other extraordinary terms as part of such resolutions, which could have significant consequences, including reputational harm, loss of clients, restrictions on the ability to access capital markets, and the inability to operate certain businesses or offer certain products. Our responses to regulators and other government authorities have been and may continue to be time-consuming and expensive and divert management attention from our business. The outcome of any matter, which may last years, may be difficult to predict or estimate.
The terms of settlements, orders and agreements that we have entered into with government entities and regulatory authorities have also imposed, or could impose, significant operational and compliance costs on us with respect to enhancements to our procedures and controls, losses with respect to fraudulent transactions perpetrated against our clients, expansion of our risk and control functions within our lines of business, investment in technology and the hiring of significant numbers of additional risk, control and compliance personnel. For example, in December 2024, the OCC issued a Consent Order against BANA relating to certain aspects of BANA’s BSA, anti-money laundering and economic sanctions compliance programs, and we continue to respond to requests for information about similar