assumptions are derived from a cash flow matching technique that utilizes rates that are based on Aa-rated corporate bonds with cash flows that match estimated benefit payments of each of the plans. The increases in the weighted-average discount rates in 2024 resulted in a decrease to the PBO of $
767
million at December 31, 2024. The decreases in the weighted-average discount rates in 2023 resulted in an increase to the PBO of approximately $
511
million at December 31, 2023. Significant gains and losses related to changes in the PBO for 2024 and 2023 primarily resulted from changes in the discount rate.
(1)
The measurement date for all of the above plans was December 31 of each year reported.
n/a = not applicable
The Corporation’s estimate of its contributions to be made to the Non-U.S. Pension Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans, and Postretirement Health and Life Plans in 2025 is $
13
million, $
90
million and $
29
million, respectively. The Corporation does
not
expect to make a contribution to the Qualified Pension Plan in 2025. It is the policy of the Corporation to fund no less than the minimum funding amount
required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA).
Pension Plans with ABO and PBO in excess of plan assets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 are presented in the table below. For these plans, funding strategies vary due to legal requirements and local practices.
n/a = not applicable
The asset valuation method used to calculate the expected return on plan assets component of net periodic benefit cost for the Qualified Pension Plan recognizes
60
percent of the prior year’s market gains or losses at the next measurement date with the remaining
40
percent spread equally over the subsequent four years.
Gains and losses for all benefit plans except postretirement health care are recognized in accordance with the standard amortization provisions of the applicable accounting guidance. Net periodic postretirement health and life expense was determined using the “projected unit credit” actuarial method. For the U.S. Postretirement Health Plans,
50
percent of the unrecognized gain or loss at the beginning of the year (or at subsequent remeasurement) is recognized on a level basis during the year.
Assumed health care cost trend rates affect the postretirement benefit obligation and benefit cost reported for the Postretirement Health and Life Plans. The assumed health care cost trend rate used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered by the U.S. Postretirement Health and Life Plans is
6.25
percent for 2025, reducing in steps to
5.00
percent in 2028 and later years.
The Corporation’s net periodic benefit cost (income) recognized for the plans is sensitive to the discount rate and expected return on plan assets. For the Qualified Pension Plan, Non-U.S. Pension Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans, and Postretirement Health and Life Plans, a 25 bps decline in discount rates and expected return on assets