conditions, liquidity and other factors. Our other regulated entities may also make markets in our debt instruments to provide liquidity for investors.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we issued $8.9 billion of structured notes, which are debt obligations that pay investors returns linked to other debt or equity securities, indices, currencies or commodities. These structured notes are typically issued to meet client demand, and notes with certain attributes may also be TLAC eligible. We typically hedge the returns we are obligated to pay on these liabilities with derivatives and/or investments in the underlying instruments, so that from a funding perspective, the cost is similar to our other unsecured long-term debt. We could be required to settle certain structured note obligations for cash or other securities prior to maturity under certain circumstances, which we consider for liquidity planning purposes. We believe, however, that a portion of such borrowings will remain outstanding beyond the earliest put or redemption date.
Substantially all of our senior and subordinated debt obligations contain no provisions that could trigger a requirement for an early repayment, require additional collateral support, result in changes to terms, accelerate maturity or create additional financial obligations upon an adverse change in our credit ratings, financial ratios, earnings, cash flows or stock price. For more information on long-term debt funding,
including issuances and maturities and redemptions, see
Note 11 – Long-term Debt
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
We use derivative transactions to manage the duration, interest rate and currency risks of our borrowings, considering the characteristics of the assets they are funding. For more information on our ALM activities, see Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book on page 40.
Credit Ratings
Credit ratings and outlooks are opinions expressed by rating agencies on our creditworthiness and that of our obligations or securities, including long-term debt, short-term borrowings, preferred stock and other securities, including asset securitizations. Table 15 presents the Corporation’s current long-term/short-term senior debt ratings and outlooks expressed by the rating agencies.
The ratings and outlooks from Moody's Investors Service, Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings for the Corporation and  its  subsidiaries  have  not  changed from  those disclosed in the Corporation's 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
For more information on additional collateral and termination payments that could be required in connection with certain over-the-counter derivative contracts and other trading agreements in the event of a credit rating downgrade, see
Note 3 – Derivatives
to the Consolidated Financial Statements herein and Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
NR = not rated
Finance