substantial losses. Financial markets have been and may continue to be sensitive to government budget processes and changes to fiscal policy, as well as any resulting political turmoil.
Our non-U.S. businesses are also subject to extensive regulation by governments, securities exchanges and regulators, central banks and other regulatory bodies. In many countries, the laws and regulations applicable to the financial services and securities industries are less predictable, prone to change and uncertainty, and regularly evolving. Significant resources are spent on determining, understanding and monitoring foreign LRRs, some with less predictable legal and regulatory frameworks, as well as managing our relationships with multiple regulators in various jurisdictions. Our inability to remain in compliance with local laws and manage our relationships with regulators could result in increased expenses, changes to our organizational structure and adversely affect our businesses, reputation and results of operations in that market.
We are also subject to complex and extensive U.S. and non-U.S. LRRs, which subject us to costs and risks relating to bribery and corruption, know-your-customer requirements, anti-money laundering, embargo programs and economic sanctions, which can vary by jurisdiction and require implementation of complex operational capabilities and compliance programs. Non-compliance, including improper implementation, and/or violations could result in an increase in operational and compliance costs, and enforcement actions and civil and criminal penalties against us and individual employees. The
increasing speed and novel ways in which funds circulate could make it more challenging to track the movement of funds and heighten financial crimes risk. Compliance with these evolving regulatory regimes and legal requirements depends on our ability to improve and/or evolve our processes, controls, surveillance, detection and reporting and analytic capabilities and could be adversely impacted by operational failures.
In the U.S., the political uncertainty around the federal government’s debt ceiling, a growing federal budget deficit and government debt levels could create the possibility of U.S. government defaults on its debt and/or further downgrades to its credit ratings, and prolonged government shutdowns, which could weaken the U.S. dollar, cause market volatility, negatively impact the global economy and banking system and adversely affect our financial condition, including our liquidity. Also, changes in fiscal, monetary, regulatory, trade and/or foreign policy, labor shortages, wage pressures, supply chain disruptions and higher inflation, could increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business operations, organizational structure and results of operations. Emerging market currency values and monetary policy settings are particularly sensitive to such changes in U.S. monetary policy. Also, elevated or rising U.S. interest rate