the loans it securitizes. Further, the Corporation may retain beneficial interests in the securitization trusts including senior and subordinate securities and equity tranches issued by the trusts. Except as described in
Note 10 – Commitments and Contingencies
, the Corporation does not provide guarantees or recourse to the securitization trusts other than standard representations and warranties.
The table below summarizes select information related to first-lien mortgage securitizations for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
(1)
The Corporation transfers residential mortgage loans to securitizations sponsored primarily by the GSEs or GNMA in the normal course of business and primarily receives residential mortgage-backed securities in exchange. Substantially all of these securities are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy and are typically sold shortly after receipt.
(2)
A majority of the first-lien residential mortgage loans securitized are initially classified as LHFS and accounted for under the fair value option. Gains recognized on these LHFS prior to securitization, which totaled $
6
million and $
5
million, net of hedges, during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, are not included in the table above.
(3)
The Corporation may have the option to repurchase delinquent loans out of securitization trusts, which reduces the amount of servicing advances it is required to make. The Corporation may also repurchase loans from securitization trusts to perform modifications. Repurchased loans include FHA-insured mortgages collateralizing GNMA securities.
The Corporation recognizes consumer MSRs from the sale or securitization of consumer real estate loans. The unpaid principal balance of loans serviced for investors, including residential mortgage and home equity loans, totaled $
82.7
billion and $
90.5
billion at March 31, 2025
and 2024. Servicing fee and ancillary fee income on serviced loans was $
55
million
and $
62
million during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. Servicing advances on serviced loans, including loans serviced for others and loans held for investment, were $
973
million and $
1.0
billion
at
March 31, 2025
and December 31, 2024. For more information on MSRs, see
Note 14 – Fair Value Measurements
.
Home Equity Loans
The Corporation retains interests, primarily senior securities, in home equity securitization trusts to which it transferred home equity  loans.  In  addition, the Corporation may be obligated to
provide subordinate funding to the trusts during a rapid amortization event. This obligation is included in the maximum loss exposure in the preceding table. The charges that will ultimately be recorded as a result of the rapid amortization events depend on the undrawn portion of the home equity lines of credit, performance of the loans, the amount of subsequent draws and the timing of related cash flows.
Mortgage and Home Equity Securitizations
During the three months ended