upon a two-step model: first, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained based solely on its technical merits in order to be recognized, and second, the benefit is measured as the largest dollar amount of that position that is more likely than not to be sustained upon settlement. The difference between the benefit recognized and the tax benefit claimed on a tax return is referred to as an unrecognized tax benefit. The Corporation records income tax-related interest and penalties, if applicable, within income tax expense.
Revenue Recognition
The following summarizes the Corporation’s revenue recognition accounting policies for certain noninterest income activities.
Card Income
Card income includes annual, late and over-limit fees as well as interchange, cash advances and other miscellaneous items from credit and debit card transactions and from processing card transactions for merchants. Card income is presented net of direct costs. Interchange fees are recognized upon settlement of the credit and debit card payment transactions and are generally determined on a percentage basis for credit cards and fixed rates for debit cards based on the corresponding payment network’s rates. Substantially all card fees are recognized at the transaction date, except for certain time-based fees such as annual fees, which are recognized over 12 months. Fees charged to cardholders and merchants that are estimated to be uncollectible are reserved in the allowance for loan and lease losses. Included in direct cost are rewards
and credit card partner payments. Rewards paid to cardholders are related to points earned by the cardholder that can be redeemed for a broad range of rewards including cash, travel and gift cards. The points to be redeemed are estimated based on past redemption behavior, card product type, account transaction activity and other historical card performance. The liability is reduced as the points are redeemed. The Corporation also makes payments to credit card partners. The payments are based on revenue-sharing agreements that are generally driven by cardholder transactions and partner sales volumes. As part of the revenue-sharing agreements, the credit card partner provides the Corporation exclusive rights to market to the credit card partner’s members or customers on behalf of the Corporation.
Service Charges
Service charges include deposit and lending-related fees. Deposit-related fees consist of fees earned on consumer and commercial deposit activities and are generally recognized when the transactions occur or as the service is performed. Consumer fees are earned on consumer deposit accounts for account maintenance and various transaction-based services, such as ATM transactions, wire transfer activities, check and money order processing and insufficient funds/overdraft transactions. Commercial deposit-related fees are from the Corporation’s Global Transaction Services business and consist of commercial deposit and treasury