have prolonged net deposits outflows, or our borrowing costs increase, our liquidity and competitive position will be negatively affected.
Liquidity is essential to our businesses. We fund our assets primarily with globally sourced deposits in our bank entities, as well as secured and unsecured liabilities transacted in the capital markets. We rely on certain secured funding sources,
such as repo markets, which are typically short-term and credit-sensitive. We also engage in asset securitization transactions, including with the government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs), to help fund a portion of our consumer lending activities. Our liquidity could be adversely affected by any inability to access the capital markets, illiquidity or volatility in the capital markets, the decrease in value of eligible collateral or increased collateral requirements (including as a result of credit concerns for short-term borrowing), changes to our relationships with our funding providers based on real or perceived changes in our risk profile, prolonged federal government shutdowns, or uncertainties regarding the impact of GSE privatization, should it occur.
Also, our liquidity or cost of funds may be negatively impacted by the unwillingness or inability of the Federal Reserve to act as lender of last resort, unexpected simultaneous draws on lines of credit or deposits, slower client payment rates, restricted access to the assets of prime brokerage clients, the withdrawal of or failure to attract client deposits or invested funds (e.g., from attrition driven by clients seeking higher yielding deposits or securities products, desiring to utilize an alternative financial institution perceived to be safer, changing spending behavior due to inflation, decline in the economy or other drivers resulting in an increased need for cash), increased regulatory liquidity, capital and margin requirements for our U.S. or international banks and their nonbank subsidiaries, which could result in the inability to transfer liquidity internally, changes in patterns of intraday liquidity usage resulting from a counterparty or technology failure or other idiosyncratic event or failure, the default by a significant market participant or third party (including clearing agents, custodians, central banks or central counterparty clearinghouses (CCPs)) or the inability to sell assets due to illiquid markets (e.g., no market exists or market saturation). These factors may increase our borrowing costs and negatively impact our liquidity.
Several of these factors may arise due to circumstances beyond our control, such as general market volatility, disruption, shock or stress, stress in sovereign debt markets, the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics and geopolitical events and/or turmoil (including military conflicts, such as the Russia/Ukraine conflict and the conflicts in the Middle East, or any potential escalation of such conflicts). Federal Reserve policy decisions (including