companies, mortgage banking companies, credit card issuers, mutual fund companies, hedge funds, private equity firms, and e-commerce and other internet-based companies, including merchant banks and companies providing nonbank financial services. We compete with some of these competitors globally and with others on a regional or product-specific basis. We are increasingly competing with firms offering products solely over the internet and with nonfinancial companies, including firms utilizing emerging technologies, such as digital assets, rather than, or in addition to, traditional banking products.
Competition is based on a number of factors including, among others, customer service and convenience, the pricing, quality and range of products and services offered, lending limits, the quality and delivery of our technology and our reputation, experience and relationships in relevant markets. Our ability to continue to compete effectively also depends in large part on our ability to attract new employees and develop, retain and motivate our existing employees, while managing compensation and other costs.
Human Capital Resources
Bank of America has always been the bank of opportunity for our shareholders, our clients and customers, our communities and our teammates. We strive to make Bank of America a great place to work for our employees by providing access to a broad range of opportunities to achieve their professional goals and by maintaining a culture of caring for them and their families. We are a company of approximately 213,000 talented employees who represent a diverse range of experiences, skills, backgrounds and perspectives across many dimensions. We are deliberate about the many ways we seek to create an inclusive environment where everyone has the opportunity to achieve their career goals. This is core to our values, to our efforts to make the Corporation a great place to work and to delivering on Responsible Growth for our clients, customers and communities around the globe.
Our Board and its Compensation and Human Capital Committee provide oversight of our human capital management strategies, programs, initiatives and practices. The Corporation’s senior management provides regular briefings and reporting on human capital matters to the Board and its Committees to facilitate the Board’s oversight.
At both December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation employed approximately 213,000 employees, of which 78 percent were located in the U.S. None of our U.S. employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. Additionally, in 2024 and 2023, the Corporation’s compensation and benefits expense was $40.2 billion and $38.3 billion, or 60 percent and 58 percent, of total noninterest expense.
The following table provides our workforce data by gender (globally) and ethnicity (U.S. only).
Talent, Inclusion and Opportunity
The Corporation is focused on building a strong pipeline of talent, which means finding and hiring external candidates who