nonperforming was not significant. For more information on the Corporation's nonperforming loan policies, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Allowance for Credit Losses
The allowance for credit losses is estimated using quantitative and qualitative methods that consider a variety of factors, such
as historical loss experience, the current credit quality of the portfolio and an economic outlook over the life of the loan. Qualitative reserves cover losses that are expected but, in the Corporation's assessment, may not adequately be reflected in the quantitative methods or the economic assumptions. The Corporation incorporates forward-looking information through the use of several macroeconomic scenarios in determining the weighted economic outlook over the forecasted life of the assets. These scenarios include key macroeconomic variables such as gross domestic product, unemployment rate, real estate prices and corporate bond spreads. The scenarios that are chosen each quarter and the weighting given to each scenario depend on a variety of factors including recent economic events, leading economic indicators, internal and third-party economist views, and industry trends. For more information on the Corporation's credit loss accounting policies including the allowance for credit losses, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The March 31, 2025 estimate for allowance for credit losses was based on various economic scenarios, including a baseline scenario derived from consensus estimates, an adverse scenario reflecting an extended moderate recession, a downside scenario reflecting continued inflation and interest rates with minimal rate cuts, a tail risk scenario similar to the severely adverse scenario used in stress testing and an upside scenario that considers the potential for improvement above the baseline scenario. The overall weighted economic outlook of the above scenarios has deteriorated modestly compared to the weighted economic outlook estimated as of December 31, 2024. The weighted economic outlook for the Corporation’s modeled reserves assumes that the U.S. average unemployment rate will be just below
five
percent in the fourth quarter of 2025 and will remain near this level through the fourth quarter of 2026. The weighted economic outlook assumes steady growth with U.S. real gross domestic product forecasted to grow at
1.0
percent and
1.7
percent year-over-year
in the fourth quarters of 2025 and 2026. The above factors are used in the Corporation’s modeled reserves. As previously disclosed, the allowance for credit losses is determined using a combination of quantitative (i.e., modeled reserves) and qualitative methods (i.e., imprecision and judgmental reserves). The qualitative methods, which comprise a