assets/liabilities - market making and similar activities and other income; Net derivative assets (liabilities) -
market making and similar activities and other income
; AFS debt securities - other income; Other debt securities carried at fair value - other income; Loans and leases - market making and similar activities and other income; Loans held-for-sale - market making and similar activities and other income; Other assets - market making and similar activities and other income primarily related to MSRs; Short-term borrowings - market making and similar activities; Accrued expenses and other liabilities - other income; Long-term debt - market making and similar activities.
(3)
Includes unrealized gains (losses) in
OCI
on AFS debt securities, foreign currency translation adjustments, derivatives designated in cash flow hedges and the impact of changes in the Corporation’s credit spreads on long-term debt accounted for under the fair value option. Amounts include net unrealized losses of $
104
million and $
324
million related to financial instruments still held at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(4)
Net derivative assets (liabilities) include derivative assets of $
3.6
billion and $
3.4
billion and derivative liabilities of $
5.5
billion and $
5.9
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(5)
Amounts represent instruments that are accounted for under the fair value option.
(6)
Issuances represent loan originations and MSRs recognized following securitizations or whole-loan sales.
(7)
Settlements primarily represent the net change in fair value of the MSR asset due to the recognition of modeled cash flows and the passage of time.
(1)
Assets (liabilities). For assets, increase (decrease) to Level 3 and for liabilities, (increase) decrease to Level 3.
(2)
Includes gains (losses) reported in earnings in the following income statement line items: Trading account assets/liabilities - predominantly market making and similar activities; Net derivative assets (liabilities) - market making and similar activities and other income; AFS debt securities - other income; Other debt securities carried at fair value - other income; Loans and leases -  market making and similar activities and other income; Loans held-for-sale - other income; Other assets - market making and similar activities and other income primarily related to MSRs; Long-term debt - market making and similar activities.
(3)
Includes unrealized losses in OCI on AFS debt securities, foreign currency translation adjustments and the impact of changes in the Corporation’s credit spreads on long-term debt accounted for under the fair value option. Amounts include net unrealized gains of $
28
million related to financial instruments still held at December 31, 2022.
(4)
Net derivative assets (liabilities) include derivative assets of $
3.2
billion and derivative liabilities of $
6.1
billion.
(5)
Amounts represent instruments that are accounted for under the fair value option.
(6)
Issuances represent loan