Regulatory Requirements and Restrictions
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Resolution Planning
As a BHC with greater than $250 billion of assets, every two years the Corporation is required by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC to submit a plan for a rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure.
Such resolution plan is intended to be a detailed roadmap for the orderly resolution of the BHC, including the continued operations or solvent wind down of its material entities, pursuant to the U.S. Bankruptcy Code under one or more hypothetical scenarios assuming no extraordinary government assistance.
If both the Federal Reserve and the FDIC determine that the BHC’s plan is not credible, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC may jointly impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on growth, activities or operations. A summary of our plan is available on the Federal Reserve and FDIC websites.
The FDIC also requires the submission of a resolution plan for Bank of America, National Association (BANA), which must describe how the insured depository institution would be resolved under the bank resolution provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. A description of this plan is available on the FDIC’s website.
We continue to make progress to enhance our resolvability, which includes continued improvements to our preparedness and exercise capabilities to implement our resolution plan, both from a financial and operational standpoint.
Across international jurisdictions, resolution planning is the responsibility of national resolution authorities (RA) and central resolution authorities (CA). Among those, the jurisdictions with the greatest impact to the Corporation’s subsidiaries are the U.K., Ireland, France, Mexico, Hong Kong, Indonesia, the Philippines and Malaysia where rules have been issued requiring the submission of significant information about locally incorporated subsidiaries as well as the Corporation’s banking branches located in those jurisdictions that are deemed to be material for resolution planning purposes. As a result of the RA’s and CA's review of the submitted information, we could be required to take certain actions over the next several years that could increase operating costs and potentially result in the restructuring of certain businesses and subsidiaries.
For more information regarding our resolution plan, see Item 1A. Risk Factors – Liquidity on page 9.
Insolvency and the Orderly Liquidation Authority
Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, the FDIC may be appointed receiver of an insured depository institution if it is insolvent or in certain other circumstances. In addition, under the Financial Reform Act, when a systemically important financial institution (SIFI) such as the Corporation is in default or danger of default, the FDIC may be appointed receiver in order to conduct an orderly liquidation of such institution. In the event of such