disposition of the Corporation’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 based on the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
. Based on that assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2024, the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is effective.
The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers
,
LLP
,
an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their accompanying report which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024.
Brian T. Moynihan
Chair, Chief Executive Officer and President
Alastair M. Borthwick
Chief Financial Officer
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Bank of America Corporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bank of America Corporation and its subsidiaries (the “Corporation”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Corporation as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The