increased $42.1 billion primarily driven by growth in commercial loans. For more information on the loan portfolio, see Credit Risk Management on page 58.
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses
The allowance for loan and lease losses decreased $102 million primarily due to a reserve release in our commercial portfolio due to a favorable macroeconomic environment and reduced exposure in our commercial real estate portfolio. For more information, see Allowance for Credit Losses on page 72.
All Other Assets
All other assets increased $5.1 billion primarily driven by activity within
Global Markets
.
Liabilities
At December 31, 2024, total liabilities were approximately $3.0 trillion, up $77.5 billion from December 31, 2023, primarily due to higher federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase, deposits, and short-term borrowings, partially offset by lower long-term debt.
Deposits
Deposits increased $41.6 billion primarily driven by growth in commercial client balances and time deposits.
Federal Funds Purchased and Securities Loaned or Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase
Federal funds transactions involve borrowing reserve balances on a short-term basis. Securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase are collateralized borrowing transactions utilized to accommodate customer transactions, earn interest rate spreads and finance assets on the balance sheet.  Federal  funds  purchased  and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase increased $47.9 billion primarily driven by client activity within
Global Markets.
Trading Account Liabilities
Trading account liabilities consist primarily of short positions in equity and fixed-income securities including U.S. Treasury and agency securities, non-U.S. sovereign debt and corporate securities. Trading account liabilities decreased $3.0 billion primarily due to lower levels of short positions within
Global Markets
.
Short-term Borrowings
Short-term borrowings provide an additional funding source and primarily consist of Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) short-term borrowings, notes payable and various other borrowings that generally have maturities of one year or less. Short-term borrowings increased $11.3 billion primarily due to higher unsecured borrowings to manage liquidity needs. For more information on short-term borrowings, see
Note 10 – Securities Financing Agreements, Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and Restricted Cash
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Long-term Debt
Long-term debt decreased $18.9 billion primarily due to maturities and redemptions, partially offset by debt issuances and valuation adjustments. For more information on long-term debt, see
Note 11 – Long-term Debt
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Shareholders’ Equity
Shareholders’ equity increased $3.9 billion primarily due to net income and market value increases on derivatives, partially offset by returns of capital to shareholders through common stock repurchases