segments’ operational performance, client trends and business growth.
Consumer Banking
Consumer Banking
offers a diversified range of lending, deposit and investment products and services to consumers and small businesses. For more information about
Consumer Banking
, see Business Segment Operations in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Net income for
Consumer Banking
decreased $125 million to $2.5 billion due to higher noninterest expense and higher provision for credit losses, partially offset by higher revenue. Net interest income increased $308 million to $8.5 billion primarily driven by higher deposit spreads and loan balances, partially
offset by one less day of interest accrual. Noninterest income was $2.0 billion, relatively unchanged from the same period a year ago.
The provision for credit losses increased $142 million to $1.3 billion primarily due to credit card. Noninterest expense increased $351 million to $5.8 billion primarily driven by investments in the business, including operations, people and technology.
The return on average allocated capital was 23 percent, down from 25 percent, due to an increase in allocated capital
and lower net income. For information on capital allocated to the business segments, see Business Segment Operations on page 8.
Average loans and leases increased $2.0 billion to $315.0 billion largely due to growth in small business loans.
Average deposits decreased
$4.9 billion
to
$947.6 billion
primarily  due  to  net  outflows of $24.6 billion in money market
savings, partially offset by growth in time deposits of $21.4 billion.
Consumer investment assets increased $41.3 billion to $497.7 billion driven by positive net client flows and market performance.
Key Statistics
The table below provides key performance indicators for deposit spreads, other period-end information, credit and debit card and loan production activities.
(1)
Includes client brokerage assets, deposit sweep balances, Bank of America, N.A. brokered CDs and AUM in
Consumer Banking
.
(2)
Represents mobile and/or online active users over the past 90 days.
(3)
Represents mobile active users over the past 90 days.
(4)
Includes consumer credit card portfolios in
Consumer Banking
and
GWIM
.
(5)
Calculated as the effective annual percentage rate divided by average loans.
(6)
Calculated as the difference between total revenue, net of interest expense, and net credit losses divided by average loans.
(7)
The loan production amounts represent the unpaid principal balance of loans and, in the case of home equity, the principal amount of the total line of credit.
(8)
In addition to loan production in
Consumer Banking
, there is also first mortgage and home equity loan production in
GWIM.
Active mobile banking users increased approximately two million, reflecting client growth and continuing changes in our clients’ banking preferences. We had a net decrease of 123 financial centers and 162 ATMs as we continued to optimize our