Capital Management on page 48,
Note 16 – Regulatory Requirements and Restrictions
to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference in this Item 1, and Item 1A. Risk Factors – Regulatory, Compliance and Legal on page 17.
Distributions
We are subject to various regulatory policies and requirements relating to capital actions, including payment of dividends and common stock repurchases. For instance, Federal Reserve regulations require major U.S. BHCs to submit a capital plan as part of an annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR).
Our ability to pay dividends and make common stock repurchases depends in part on our ability to maintain regulatory capital levels above minimum requirements plus buffers and non-capital standards established under the FDICIA. To  the  extent  that  the  Federal  Reserve  increases our stress
capital buffer (SCB), global systemically important bank (G-SIB) surcharge or countercyclical capital buffer, our returns of capital to shareholders, including dividends and common stock repurchases, could decrease. As part of its CCAR, the Federal Reserve conducts stress testing on parts of our business using hypothetical economic scenarios prepared by the Federal Reserve. Those scenarios may affect our CCAR stress test results, which may impact the level of our SCB. For example, based on the results of our 2024 CCAR stress test, the Corporation’s SCB increased to 3.2 percent. Additionally, the Corporation’s G-SIB surcharge increased to 3.0 percent on January 1, 2024. The Federal Reserve could also impose limitations or prohibitions on taking capital actions such as paying or increasing dividends or repurchasing common stock, including as a result of economic disruptions or events.
If the Federal Reserve finds that a bank is not “well-capitalized” or “well-managed,” the bank’s BHC would be required to enter into an agreement with the Federal Reserve to comply with all applicable capital and management requirements, which may contain additional limitations or conditions relating to its activities. Additionally, the applicable federal regulatory authority is authorized to determine, under certain circumstances relating to the financial condition of a bank or BHC, that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice and to prohibit payment thereof.
Many of our subsidiaries, including our bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments, or authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to the parent company or other subsidiaries. The rights of the Corporation, our shareholders and our creditors to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of our subsidiaries are further subject to the prior claims of creditors of the respective subsidiaries.
For more information regarding distributions, including the minimum capital requirements, see
Note 13 – Shareholders’ Equity
and
Note 16 –