March 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation deconsolidated agency residential mortgage securitization trusts with total assets of $
127
million and $
793
million.
The table below summarizes select information related to mortgage and home equity securitization trusts in which the Corporation held a variable interest and had continuing involvement at March 31, 2025
and December 31, 2024.
(1)
For unconsolidated home equity loan VIEs, the maximum loss exposure includes outstanding trust certificates issued by trusts in rapid amortization, net of recorded reserves. For both consolidated and unconsolidated home equity loan VIEs, the maximum loss exposure excludes the reserve for representations and warranties obligations and corporate guarantees. For more information, see
Note 10 – Commitments and Contingencies
.
(2)
Maximum loss exposure includes obligations under loss-sharing reinsurance and other arrangements for non-agency residential mortgage and commercial mortgage securitizations, but excludes the reserve for representations and warranties obligations and corporate guarantees and also excludes servicing advances and other servicing rights and obligations. For more information, see
Note 10 – Commitments and Contingencies
and
Note 14 – Fair Value Measurements
.
(3)
Principal balance outstanding includes loans where the Corporation was the transferor to securitization VIEs with which it has continuing involvement, which may include servicing the loans.
Other Asset-backed Securitizations
The following paragraphs summarize select information related to other asset-backed VIEs in which the Corporation had a variable interest at March 31, 2025
and December 31, 2024.
Credit Card and Automobile Loan Securitizations
The Corporation securitizes originated and purchased credit card and automobile loans as a source of financing. The loans are sold on a non-recourse basis to consolidated trusts. The securitizations are ongoing, whereas additional receivables will be funded into the trusts by either loan repayments or proceeds from securities issued to third parties, depending on the securitization structure. The Corporation’s continuing involvement with the securitization trusts includes servicing the receivables and holding various subordinated interests, including an undivided seller’s interest in the credit card receivables and owning certain retained interests.
At March 31, 2025
and December 31, 2024, the carrying values of the receivables in the trusts totaled $
17.0
billion and $
18.1
billion, which are included in loans and leases, and the carrying values of senior debt securities that were issued to third-party investors from the trusts totaled $
7.6
billion and $
8.0
billion, which are included in long-term debt.
Resecuritization Trusts
The Corporation transfers securities, typically MBS, into resecuritization VIEs generally at the request of customers seeking securities with specific characteristics. Generally, there are no significant ongoing