and therefore, the potential for the Corporation to incur significant losses under this arrangement is remote. The Corporation’s maximum potential exposure, without taking into consideration the related collateral, was $
207.1
billion and $
191.9
billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Other Guarantees
In the normal course of business, the Corporation periodically guarantees the obligations of its affiliates in a variety of transactions including ISDA-related transactions and non-ISDA related transactions such as commodities trading, repurchase agreements, prime brokerage agreements and other transactions.
Guarantees of Certain Long-term Debt
The Corporation, as the parent company, fully and unconditionally guarantees the securities issued by BofA Finance LLC, a consolidated finance subsidiary of the Corporation, and effectively provides for the full and unconditional guarantee of trust securities and capital securities issued by certain statutory trust companies that are
100
percent owned finance subsidiaries of the Corporation.
Other Contingencies
In 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) issued a final rule to impose a special assessment to recover certain estimated losses to the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) arising from the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The estimated losses will be recovered through quarterly special assessments collected from certain insured depository institutions, including the Corporation, and collection began during the three months ended June 30, 2024. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Corporation’s accrual for its estimated share of the FDIC special assessment was $
1.4
billion and $
1.7
billion. The Corporation continues to monitor the FDIC’s estimated loss to the DIF, which could affect the amount of its accrued liability.
Litigation and Regulatory Matters
The following disclosures supplement the disclosure in
Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies
to the Consolidated Financial Statements
of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K (the prior commitments and contingencies disclosure).
In the ordinary course of business, the Corporation and its subsidiaries are routinely defendants in or parties to many pending and threatened legal, regulatory and governmental actions and proceedings. In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of such matters, particularly where the claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages or where the matters present novel legal theories or involve a large number of parties, the Corporation generally cannot predict the eventual outcome of the pending matters, timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters, or eventual loss, fines or penalties related to each pending matter.
As a matter develops, the Corporation, in conjunction with any outside counsel handling the matter, evaluates whether such matter presents a loss contingency that is probable and estimable, and, for the matters disclosed below and