principal and interest is current and full repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest is expected.
Loans Held-for-sale
Loans that the Corporation intends to sell in the foreseeable future, including residential mortgages, loan syndications, and to a lesser degree, commercial real estate, consumer finance and other loans, are reported as LHFS and are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or fair value. The Corporation accounts for certain LHFS, including residential mortgage LHFS, under the fair value option. Loan origination costs for LHFS carried at the lower of cost or fair value are capitalized as part of the carrying value of the loans and, upon the sale of a loan, are recognized as part of the gain or loss in noninterest income. LHFS that are on nonaccrual status and are reported as nonperforming, as defined in the policy herein, are reported separately from nonperforming loans and leases.
Premises and Equipment
Premises and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are recognized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated lives range up to
40
years for buildings, up to
12
years for furniture and equipment, and the shorter of lease term or estimated useful life for leasehold improvements.
Other Assets
For the Corporation’s financial assets that are measured at amortized cost and are not included in debt securities or loans and leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Corporation evaluates these assets for ECL using various techniques. For assets that are subject to collateral maintenance provisions, including federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell, where the collateral consists of daily margining of liquid and marketable assets where the margining is expected to be maintained into the foreseeable future, the expected losses are assumed to be
zero
. For all other assets, the Corporation performs qualitative analyses, including consideration of historical losses and current economic conditions, to estimate any ECL which are then included in a valuation account that is recorded as a contra-asset against the amortized cost basis of the financial asset.
Lessee Arrangements
Substantially all of the Corporation’s lessee arrangements are operating leases. Under these arrangements, the Corporation records right-of-use assets and lease liabilities at lease commencement. Right-of-use assets are reported in
other assets
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the related lease liabilities are reported in
accrued expenses and other liabilities
. All leases are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet except leases with an initial term less than 12 months for which the Corporation made the short-term lease election. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
lease term and is recorded in occupancy and equipment expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income.