or otherwise, could result in a decline in net interest income and noninterest income and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, including capital and liquidity levels. Elevated inflation and interest rate levels, monetary tightening by central banks, and geopolitical developments, including the Russia/Ukraine conflict and the conflicts in the Middle East, have adversely impacted and could continue to adversely impact financial markets and
macroeconomic conditions, as well as result in additional market volatility and disruptions and recessionary risk.
Global uncertainties regarding fiscal and monetary policies present economic challenges. High and rising debt levels in the U.S. and globally may contribute to interest rate volatility, which may constrain governments’ fiscal policies, potentially resulting in adverse economic outcomes. Actions taken by the Federal Reserve or central banks in other jurisdictions, including changes in target rates, balance sheet management and lending facilities, are beyond our control and difficult to predict, particularly regarding inflation, due to the uncertainty of inflationary paths. This can affect interest rates and the value of financial instruments and other assets, such as debt securities, and impact our borrowers and potentially increase delinquency rates and may also raise government debt levels, adversely affect businesses and household incomes, adversely impact the banking sector generally, and increase uncertainty surrounding monetary policy. Monetary policy has contributed to and may continue to result in elevated market interest rates and a flat and/or inverted yield curve. Any increases in policy rates, as a response to inflation persistently above central bank targets, changes to fiscal or trade policies, or otherwise, could result in higher market interest rates. Elevated or rising interest rates may continue to result in volatility of equity and other markets, and volatility of the U.S. dollar, which could impact investor risk appetite and our borrowers, potentially increasing delinquency rates. Financial market volatility could also result from uncertainty about the timing and extent of any additional rate cuts by the Federal Reserve in response to moderating inflation and/or weakening economic conditions. Any future change in monetary policy by the Federal Reserve, in an effort to stimulate the economy or otherwise, resulting in lower interest rates would typically result in lower revenue through lower net interest income, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
Also, changes to existing U.S. laws and regulatory policies and evolving priorities, including those related to financial regulation, taxation, international trade, fiscal policy, climate change (including efforts to transition to a low-carbon economy) and healthcare, may adversely impact U.S. or global economic activity and our clients’, our counterparties’ and our earnings and operations.