investments in, and other relationships with, hedge funds and private equity funds. The Volcker Rule provides exemptions for certain activities, including market making, underwriting, hedging, trading in government obligations, insurance company activities and organizing and offering hedge funds and private equity funds. The Volcker Rule also clarifies that certain activities are not prohibited, including acting as agent, broker or custodian. A banking entity with significant trading operations, such as the Corporation, is required to maintain a detailed compliance program to comply with the restrictions of the Volcker Rule.
Derivatives
Our derivatives businesses are subject to extensive regulation globally, including under the Financial Reform Act, the European Union (EU) Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and Regulation, the European Market Infrastructure Regulation, analogous U.K. regulatory regimes and similar regulatory regimes in other jurisdictions. These regulations, among other  things, require clearing and exchange trading of certain derivatives, establish capital, margin, reporting, registration and business conduct requirements for certain market participants, set position limits on certain derivatives and set out derivatives trading transparency requirements.
In addition, many G-20 jurisdictions, including the U.S., EU, U.K., and Japan, have adopted resolution stay regulations to address concerns that the close-out of derivatives and other financial contracts could impede orderly resolution of G-SIBs, and additional jurisdictions are expected to follow suit. Generally, these regulations require amendment of certain financial contracts to provide for contractual recognition of stays of termination rights under various statutory resolution regimes and a stay on the exercise of cross-default rights based on an affiliate’s entry into insolvency proceedings. Resolution regulations may also require contractual recognition by the counterparty that amounts owed to them may be written down or converted into equity as part of a bail in. As resolution stay regulations of a particular jurisdiction applicable to us go into effect, we amend impacted financial contracts in compliance with such regulations either as a regulated entity or as a counterparty facing a regulated entity in such jurisdiction.
Consumer Regulations
Our consumer businesses are subject to extensive regulation and oversight by federal and state regulators. Certain federal consumer finance laws to which we are subject, including the Equal  Credit  Opportunity  Act,  Home  Mortgage Disclosure Act,
Fair Housing Act, Electronic Fund Transfer Act (EFTA), Fair Credit Reporting Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, prohibitions on unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices, Truth in Lending Act and Truth in Savings Act, are enforced by the CFPB. Other federal consumer finance laws, such as the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, are enforced by the OCC.
Privacy and