the effect of external factors such as competition, and legal and regulatory requirements, among others. Further, the Corporation considers the inherent uncertainty in quantitative models that are built on historical data.
With the exception of the Corporation's credit card portfolio, the Corporation does not include reserves for interest receivable
in the measurement of the allowance for credit losses as the Corporation generally classifies consumer loans as nonperforming at
90
days past due and reverses interest income for these loans at that time. For credit card loans, the Corporation reserves for interest and fees as part of the allowance for loan and lease losses. Upon charge-off of a credit card loan, the Corporation reverses the interest and fee income against the income statement line item where it was originally recorded.
The Corporation has identified the following
three
portfolio segments and measures the allowance for credit losses using the following methods.
Consumer Real Estate
To estimate ECL for consumer loans secured by residential real estate, the Corporation estimates the number of loans that will default over the life of the existing portfolio, after factoring in estimated prepayments, using quantitative modeling methodologies. The attributes that are most significant in estimating the Corporation’s ECL include refreshed loan-to-value (LTV) or, in the case of a subordinated lien, refreshed combined LTV (CLTV), borrower credit score, months since origination and geography, all of which are further broken down by present collection status (whether the loan is current, delinquent, in default, or in bankruptcy). The estimates are based on the Corporation’s historical experience with the loan portfolio, adjusted to reflect the economic outlook. The outlook on the unemployment rate and consumer real estate prices are key factors that impact the frequency and severity of loss estimates. The Corporation does not reserve for credit losses on the unpaid principal balance of loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and long-term standby loans, as these loans are fully insured. The Corporation records a reserve for unfunded lending commitments for the ECL associated with the undrawn portion of the Corporation’s HELOCs, which can only be canceled by the Corporation if certain criteria are met. The ECL associated with these unfunded lending commitments is calculated using the same models and methodologies noted above and incorporate utilization assumptions at time of default.
For loans that are more than
180
days past due, the Corporation bases the allowance on the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral as of the reporting date less costs to sell. The fair value of the collateral securing these loans is generally determined using an automated valuation model (AVM) that estimates the value of a property by reference to market data including sales of comparable properties and price trends specific to the