environment.
We define liquidity as readily available assets, limited to cash and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities that we can use to meet our contractual and contingent financial obligations as they arise. We manage our liquidity position through line-of-business and ALM activities, as well as through our legal entity funding strategy, on both a forward and current (including intraday) basis under both expected and stressed conditions. We believe that a centralized approach to funding and liquidity management enhances our ability to monitor liquidity requirements, maximizes access to funding sources, minimizes borrowing costs and facilitates timely responses to liquidity events.
We provide centralized funding and liquidity management through a variety of activities, including monitoring of
established limits and liquidity risk appetites, reviews of liquidity risk management controls and production, and reviews of regulatory and internally defined liquidity risk metrics. In addition, GRM provides oversight of centralized liquidity and funding management as well as oversight of liquidity management across FLUs and legal entities. GRM oversees the liquidity risk management governance structure, establishes liquidity risk policies, reports and monitors liquidity risk limits and provides review and challenge of the Corporation's liquidity risk management processes.
The Board, its risk committee and various management committees oversee the Corporation’s liquidity activities and risk governance. The Board and/or ERC approve our liquidity risk policy, Financial Contingency and Recovery Plan and liquidity risk appetite limits. Management committees responsible for liquidity governance include the Corporation’s Management Risk Committee, Asset and Liability Governance Committee, Liquidity Risk Committee and Asset and Liability Management Investment Committee. For more information, see Managing Risk on page 45. Under this governance framework, we developed certain funding and liquidity risk management practices which include: maintaining liquidity at Bank of America Corporation (Parent) and selected subsidiaries, including our bank subsidiaries and other regulated entities; determining what amounts of liquidity are appropriate for these entities based on analysis of debt maturities and other potential cash outflows, including those that we may experience during stressed market conditions; diversifying funding sources, considering our asset profile and legal entity structure; and performing contingency planning.
NB Holdings Corporation
Bank of America Corporation, as the parent company (Parent), which is a separate and distinct legal entity from our bank and nonbank subsidiaries, has an intercompany arrangement with our wholly-owned holding company subsidiary, NB Holdings Corporation (NB Holdings). We have transferred, and agreed to transfer, additional Parent assets not required to satisfy anticipated near-term expenditures to NB Holdings.