although principal was still insured, and $
110
million and $
96
million of loans on which interest was still accruing.
(2)
Primarily relates to loans for which the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral less any costs to sell is greater than the amortized cost of the loans as of the reporting date.
n/a = not applicable
Credit Quality Indicators
The Corporation monitors credit quality within its Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and Commercial portfolio segments based on primary credit quality indicators. For more information on the portfolio segments, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.
Within the Consumer Real Estate portfolio segment, the primary credit quality indicators are refreshed LTV and refreshed Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) score. Refreshed LTV measures the carrying value of the loan as a percentage of the value of the property securing the loan, refreshed quarterly. Home equity loans are evaluated using CLTV, which measures the carrying value of the Corporation’s loan and available line of credit combined with any outstanding senior liens against the property as a percentage of the value of the property securing the loan, refreshed quarterly. FICO score measures the creditworthiness of the borrower based on the financial obligations of the borrower and the borrower’s credit history. FICO scores are typically refreshed quarterly or more frequently. Certain borrowers (e.g., borrowers that have had debts discharged in a bankruptcy proceeding) may not have their FICO scores updated. FICO scores are also a
primary credit quality indicator for the Credit Card and Other Consumer portfolio segment and the business card portfolio within U.S. small business commercial. Within the Commercial portfolio segment, loans are evaluated using the internal classifications of pass rated or reservable criticized as the primary credit quality indicators. The term reservable criticized refers to those commercial loans that are internally classified or listed by the Corporation as Special Mention, Substandard or Doubtful, which are asset quality categories defined by regulatory authorities. These assets have an elevated level of risk and may have a high probability of default or total loss. Pass rated refers to all loans not considered reservable criticized. In addition to these primary credit quality indicators, the Corporation uses other credit quality indicators for certain types of loans.
The following tables present certain credit quality indicators and gross charge-offs for the Corporation's Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and Commercial portfolio segments by year of origination, except for revolving loans and revolving loans that were modified into term loans, which are shown on an aggregate basis at December 31, 2024.
(1)
Includes reverse mortgages of $
500
million and home equity loans of $
287
million, which are no longer originated.
(1)
Represents loans that were modified