applicable (whether consecutive or not), the holders of these series and any other class or series of preferred stock ranking equally as to payment of dividends and upon which equivalent voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (voting as a single class) will be entitled to vote for the election of
two
additional directors. These voting rights terminate when the Corporation has paid in full dividends on these series for at least
two
semi-annual or
four
quarterly dividend periods, as applicable, following the dividend arrearage.
The
7.25
% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, Series L (Series L Preferred Stock) does not have early redemption/call rights. Each share of the Series L Preferred Stock may be converted at any time, at the option of the holder, into
20
shares of the Corporation’s common stock plus cash in lieu of fractional shares. The Corporation may cause some or all of the Series L Preferred Stock, at its option, at any time or from time to time, to be converted into shares of common stock at the then-applicable conversion rate if, for
20
trading days during any period of
30
consecutive trading days, the closing price of common stock exceeds
130
percent of the then-applicable conversion price of the Series L Preferred Stock. If a conversion of Series L Preferred Stock occurs at the option of the holder, subsequent to a dividend record date but prior to the dividend payment date, the Corporation will still pay any accrued dividends payable.
The following table presents a summary of perpetual preferred stock outstanding at December 31, 2024.
(1)
For all series of preferred stock other than Series B, Series F, Series G and Series L, “Dividend per Share” means the amount of dividends per depositary share of such series.
(2)
The Corporation may redeem series of preferred stock on or after the redemption date, in whole or in part, at its option, at the liquidation preference plus declared and unpaid dividends. Series B and Series L Preferred Stock do not have early redemption/call rights.
(3)
Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared.
(4)
Subject to
4.00
% minimum rate per annum.
(5)
The number of basis points to be added to 3-mo. Term SOFR is equal to the original basis point spread applicable to floating rate periods when the preferred stock was originally issued, plus a tenor spread adjustment of
26.161
bps relating to the transition from 3-mo. LIBOR to 3-mo. Term SOFR.
(6)
Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/25th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a semi-annual cash dividend, if and when declared, until the first redemption date at which time, it adjusts to a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared, thereafter.
(7)
Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/25th interest in a share of