the Federal Reserve. In addition, the Federal Reserve and the OCC have adopted guidelines that establish minimum standards for the design, implementation and board oversight of BHCs’ and national banks’ risk governance frameworks. U.S. financial holding companies, and the companies under their control, are permitted to engage in activities considered “financial in nature” as defined by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and related Federal Reserve interpretations. The Corporation's status as a financial holding company is conditioned upon maintaining certain eligibility requirements for both the Corporation and its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries, including minimum capital ratios, supervisory ratings and, in the case of the depository institutions, at least satisfactory Community Reinvestment Act ratings. Failure to be an eligible financial holding company could result in the Federal Reserve limiting Bank of America's activities, including potential acquisitions. Additionally, we are subject to a significant number of laws, rules and regulations (LRRs) that govern our businesses in the U.S. and in the other jurisdictions in which we operate, including permissible activities, minimum levels of capital and liquidity, compliance risk management, consumer products and sales practices, privacy, data protection, sustainability and executive compensation, among others.
The scope of the LRRs and the intensity of the supervision to which we are subject have continuously increased over the years. In addition, the banking and financial services sector is subject to substantial regulatory enforcement and fines. We cannot assess whether or not there will be any major changes in the regulatory environment and expect that our business will remain subject to continuing and extensive regulation and supervision.
We are also subject to various other LRRs, as well as supervision and examination by other regulatory agencies, all of which directly or indirectly affect our entities, management and ability to make distributions to shareholders. For instance, our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to both U.S. and international regulation, including supervision by the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and New York Stock Exchange, among others; our futures commission merchant subsidiary supporting commodities and derivatives businesses in the U.S. is subject to regulation by and supervision of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), National Futures Association, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and in the case of the Banks, certain banking regulators; our insurance activities are subject to licensing and regulation by state insurance regulatory agencies; and our consumer financial products and services are regulated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). In addition, certain U.S. and foreign subsidiaries are also registered with the CFTC as swap dealers, and conditionally registered with the SEC as security-based swap dealers.