commercial loans, leases and foreclosed properties activity during 2024 and 2023. Nonperforming loans do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option. During 2024, nonperforming commercial loans and leases increased $555 million to $3.3 billion. At December 31, 2024, nearly 100 percent of commercial nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties were secured, and 41 percent were contractually current. Commercial nonperforming loans were carried at 88 percent of their unpaid principal balance, as the carrying value of these loans has been reduced to the estimated collateral value less costs to sell.
(1)
Balances do not include nonperforming loans held-for-sale of $731 million and $161 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(2)
Includes U.S. small business commercial activity. Small business card loans are excluded as they are not classified as nonperforming.
(3)
Commercial loans and leases may be returned to performing status when all principal and interest is current and full repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest is expected,  when the loan otherwise becomes well-secured and is in the process of collection, or when a modified loan demonstrates a sustained period of payment performance.
(4)
Outstanding commercial loans exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option.
Industry Concentrations
Table 34 presents commercial committed and utilized credit exposure by industry. For information on net notional credit protection purchased to hedge funded and unfunded exposures for which we elected the fair value option, as well as certain other credit exposures, see Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Risk Mitigation.
Commercial credit exposure is diversified across a broad range of industries. Total commercial committed exposure increased $72.5 billion during 2024 to $1.3 trillion. The increase in commercial committed exposure was concentrated in Asset managers and funds, Finance companies and Individuals and trusts.
Industry limits are used internally to manage industry concentrations and are based on committed exposure that is determined on an industry-by-industry basis. A risk management framework is in place to set and approve industry limits as well as to provide ongoing monitoring.
Asset managers and funds, our largest industry concentration with committed exposure of $193.9 billion, increased $24.6 billion, or 15 percent, during 2024, which was primarily driven by investment-grade exposures.
Finance companies, our second largest industry concentration with committed exposure of $101.8 billion, increased $12.7 billion, or 14 percent, during 2024. The increase in committed exposure was primarily driven by increases in Consumer finance, Thrifts and mortgage finance and Diversified financials.
Capital goods, our third largest industry concentration with committed exposure of $98.8 billion, increased $1.7 billion, or two percent, during 2024. The increase in committed exposure was driven by