Parent and selected subsidiaries, in the form of cash and high- quality, liquid, unencumbered securities. Our liquidity buffer, referred to as Global Liquidity Sources (GLS), is comprised of assets that are readily available to the Parent and selected subsidiaries, including holding company, bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries, even during stressed market conditions. Our cash is primarily on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank and, to a lesser extent, central banks outside of the U.S. We limit the composition of high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities to U.S. government securities, U.S. agency securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities and other investment-grade securities, and a select group of non-U.S. government securities. We can obtain cash for these securities, even in stressed conditions, through repurchase agreements or outright sales. We hold our GLS in legal entities that allow us to meet the liquidity requirements of our global businesses, and we consider the impact of potential regulatory, tax, legal and other restrictions that could limit the transferability of funds among entities.
Table 12 presents average GLS for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
(1)
Nonbank includes Parent, NB Holdings and other regulated entities.
Our bank subsidiaries’ liquidity is primarily driven by deposit and lending activity, as well as securities valuation and net debt activity. Bank subsidiaries can also generate incremental liquidity by pledging a range of unencumbered loans and securities to certain Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs) and the Federal Reserve Discount Window. The cash we could have obtained by borrowing against this pool of specifically-identified eligible assets was $333 billion and $328 billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. We have established operational procedures to enable us to borrow against these assets, including regularly monitoring our total pool of eligible loans and securities collateral. Eligibility is defined in guidelines from the FHLBs and the Federal Reserve and is subject to change at their discretion. Due to regulatory restrictions, liquidity generated by the bank subsidiaries can generally be used only to fund obligations within the bank subsidiaries, and transfers to the Parent or nonbank subsidiaries may be subject to prior regulatory approval.
Liquidity is also held in nonbank entities, including the Parent, NB Holdings and other regulated entities. The Parent and NB Holdings liquidity is typically in the form of cash deposited at BANA, which is excluded from the liquidity at bank subsidiaries, and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities. Liquidity held in other regulated entities, comprised primarily of broker-dealer subsidiaries, is primarily available to meet the obligations of that entity, and transfers to the Parent or to any other subsidiary may be subject to prior regulatory approval due to regulatory restrictions and minimum requirements. Our other