Metropolitan Statistical Area in which the property being valued is located. In the event that an AVM value is not available, the Corporation utilizes publicized indices or if these methods provide less reliable valuations, the Corporation uses appraisals or broker price opinions to estimate the fair value of the collateral. While there is inherent imprecision in these valuations, the Corporation believes that they are representative of this portfolio in the aggregate.
For loans that are more than
180
days past due, with the exception of the Corporation’s fully insured portfolio, the outstanding balance of loans that is in excess of the estimated property value after adjusting for costs to sell is charged off. If the estimated property value decreases in periods subsequent to the initial charge-off, the Corporation will record an additional charge-off; however, if the value increases in periods subsequent to the charge-off, the Corporation will adjust the allowance to account for the increase but not to a level above the cumulative charge-off amount.
Credit Cards and Other Consumer
Credit cards are revolving lines of credit without a defined maturity date. The estimated life of a credit card receivable is determined by estimating the amount and timing of expected future payments (e.g., borrowers making full payments, minimum payments or somewhere in between) that it will take for a receivable balance to pay off. The ECL on the future payments incorporates the spending behavior of a borrower through time using key borrower-specific factors and the economic outlook described above. The Corporation applies all expected payments in accordance with the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 (i.e., paying down the highest interest rate bucket first). Then forecasted future payments are prioritized to pay off the oldest balance until it is brought to zero or an expected charge-off amount. Unemployment rate outlook, borrower credit score, delinquency status and historical payment behavior are all key inputs into the credit card receivable loss forecasting model. Future draws on the credit card lines are excluded from the ECL as they are unconditionally cancellable.
The ECL for the consumer vehicle lending portfolio is also determined using quantitative methods supplemented with qualitative analysis. The quantitative model estimates ECL giving consideration to key borrower and loan characteristics such as delinquency status, borrower credit score, LTV ratio, underlying collateral type and collateral value.
Commercial
The ECL on commercial loans is forecasted using models that estimate credit losses over the loan’s contractual life at an individual loan level. The models use the contractual terms to forecast future principal cash flows while also considering expected prepayments. For open-ended commitments such as revolving lines of credit, changes in funded balance are captured by forecasting a borrower’s draw and payment