percent primarily driven by higher asset management fees due to the impact of higher average equity market valuations and positive net client flows.
(1)
Includes margin receivables, which are classified in customer and other receivables on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Client Balances
Client balances increased $183.8 billion, or five percent, to $4.2 trillion at March 31, 2025 compared to March 31, 2024. The increase in client balances was primarily due to the impact of higher market valuations and positive net client flows.
Global Banking
Global Banking,
which includes Global Corporate Banking, Global Commercial Banking, Business Banking and Global Investment Banking, provides a wide range of lending-related products and services, integrated working capital management and treasury solutions, and underwriting and advisory services through our network of global offices and client relationship teams. For more information about
Global Banking,
see Business Segment Operations in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Net income for
Global Banking
decreased $73 million to $1.9 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 driven by higher noninterest expense, partially offset by lower provision for credit losses.
Net interest income decreased $309 million to $3.2 billion primarily due to the impact of interest rates, partially offset by the benefit of higher average deposit balances.
Noninterest income of $2.8 billion included realized gains of approximately $230 million in other income primarily related to sales of certain leveraged finance positions, as well as higher
treasury service charges, partially offset by lower leasing-related revenue compared to the same period in 2024.
The provision for credit losses decreased $75 million to $154 million primarily driven by improved asset quality within the commercial real estate office portfolio.
Noninterest expense increased $172 million to $3.2 billion primarily due to continued investments in the business, including technology and operations.
The return on average allocated capital was 15 percent, down from 16 percent, due to lower net income and an increase in allocated capital. For information on capital allocated to the business segments, see Business Segment Operations on  page 8.
Global Corporate, Global Commercial and Business Banking
The following table and discussion present a summary of the results, which exclude certain investment banking and other activities in
Global Banking
.
Business Lending revenue decreased $307 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025
compared to the same period in 2024 primarily driven by lower net interest income and lower leasing-related revenue.
Global Transaction Services revenue increased $14 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily driven by the benefit of higher average deposit balances and higher treasury service charges, largely