evaluate our use of equity. In addition, profitability, relationship and investment models use both return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity and return on average tangible shareholders’ equity as key measures to support our overall growth objectives. These ratios are:
●
Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity measures our net income applicable to common shareholders as a percentage of adjusted average common shareholders’ equity. The tangible common equity ratio represents adjusted ending common shareholders’ equity divided by total tangible assets.
●
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity measures our net income as a percentage of adjusted average total shareholders’ equity. The tangible equity ratio represents adjusted ending shareholders’ equity divided by total tangible assets.
●
Tangible book value per common share represents adjusted ending common shareholders’ equity divided by ending common shares outstanding.
We believe ratios utilizing tangible equity provide additional useful information because they present measures of those assets that can generate income. Tangible book value per common share provides additional useful information about the level of tangible assets in relation to outstanding shares of common stock.
The aforementioned supplemental data and performance measures are presented in Tables 6 and 7.
For more information on the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the corresponding GAAP financial measures, see Non-GAAP Reconciliations on page 85.
Key Performance Indicators
We present certain key financial and nonfinancial performance indicators (key performance indicators) that management uses when assessing our consolidated and/or segment results. We believe they are useful to investors because they provide additional information about our underlying operational performance and trends. These key performance indicators (KPIs) may not be defined or calculated in the same way as
similar KPIs used by other companies. For information on how these metrics are defined, see Key Metrics on page 170.
Our consolidated key performance indicators, which include various equity and credit metrics, are presented in Table 1 on page 27, Table 6 on page 31 and Table 7 on page 32.
For information on key segment performance metrics, see Business Segment Operations on page 35.
(1)
For definition, see Key Metrics on page 170.
(2)
Tangible equity ratios and tangible book value per share of common stock are non-GAAP financial measures. For more information on these ratios and corresponding reconciliations to GAAP financial measures, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 30 and Non-GAAP Reconciliations on page 85.
(3)
Includes the allowance for loan and leases losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments.
(4)
Balances and ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option. For additional exclusions from nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties, see