Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and
Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
(1)
Includes U.S. small business commercial charge-offs of $147 million and $118 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
(2)
Includes U.S. small business commercial recoveries of $14 million and $10 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
(3)
Ratios are calculated as allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loans and leases outstanding excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option.
(4)
Primarily includes amounts related to credit card and unsecured consumer lending portfolios in
Consumer Banking
.
Market Risk Management
For more information on our market risk management process, see Market Risk Management in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. For more information on market risks, see the Market section within Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Market risk is the risk that changes in market conditions may adversely impact the value of assets or liabilities, or otherwise negatively impact earnings. This risk is inherent in the financial instruments associated with our operations, primarily within our
Global Markets
segment. We are also exposed to these risks in other areas of the Corporation (e.g., our ALM activities). In the event of market stress, these risks could have a material impact on our results.
Trading Risk Management
To evaluate risks in our trading activities, we focus on the actual and potential volatility of revenues generated by individual positions as well as portfolios of positions. VaR is a common statistic used to measure market risk. Our primary VaR statistic is equivalent to a 99 percent confidence level, which means that for a VaR with a one-day holding period, there should not be losses in excess of VaR, on average, 99 out of 100 trading days.
Table 37 presents the total market-based portfolio VaR, which is the combination of the total trading positions portfolio
and the fair value option portfolio. Prior to the first quarter of 2025, the Corporation presented its VaR using a total market-based portfolio VaR, which was primarily a combination of our total covered positions and certain less liquid trading positions. An insignificant amount of banking book positions was included in these portfolios. Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, the VaR amounts for all periods presented in Table 37 and Table 38 exclude those banking book positions and include only the financial instruments used in the Corporation’s market risk management of its trading portfolios. For more information on the market risk VaR for trading activities, see Trading Risk Management in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The total market-based portfolio VaR results in Table 37 include market risk to which we are exposed