The Corporation is committed to equal pay for equal work. We maintain robust policies and practices that reinforce our commitment, including reviews conducted by a third-party consultant with oversight from our Board and senior management.
Physical, Emotional, and Financial Wellness
The Corporation is committed to providing employees with access to leading benefits and programs that help promote their physical, emotional and financial wellness. Investments we make in our teammates are designed to help them thrive, enabling them to better deliver for our clients, communities and each other.
In 2024, we continued our efforts to provide affordable access to healthcare. Teammates enrolled in one of our national medical plans were able to access virtual general medical and behavioral health care at no cost. For the 12th year in a row, U.S. health insurance premiums remained unchanged for teammates earning less than $50,000.
We also recognize the importance of emotional wellness. Globally, teammates and members of their households can utilize our Employee Assistance Programs for 12 in-person confidential counseling sessions, and unlimited phone consultations at no cost. The Corporation also offers comprehensive time-away policies and caregiving benefits. Globally, teammates celebrating at least 15 years of continuous service with the Corporation can participate in our paid Global Sabbatical Program.
We support teammates in reaching financial wellness with retirement savings plans and other programs, along with access to self-guided financial planning tools and expert advice.
For more information about our human capital management, see the Corporation’s website and 2024 Annual Report to shareholders that we expect to be available on the Investor Relations portion of our website in March 2025 (the content of which is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K).
Government Supervision and Regulation
The following discussion describes, among other things, elements of an extensive regulatory framework applicable to BHCs, financial holding companies, banks and broker-dealers, including specific information about Bank of America.
We are subject to an extensive regulatory framework applicable to BHCs, financial holding companies and banks and other financial services entities. U.S. federal regulation of banks, BHCs and financial holding companies is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) rather than for the protection of shareholders and creditors. As a registered financial holding company and BHC, the Corporation is subject to the supervision of, and regular inspection by, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve). Our U.S. bank subsidiaries (the Banks), organized as national banking associations, are subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and