participants on the measurement date. The Corporation determines the fair values of its financial instruments under applicable accounting standards that require an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The Corporation categorizes its financial instruments into three levels based on the established fair value hierarchy and conducts a review of fair value hierarchy classifications on a quarterly basis. Transfers into or out of fair value hierarchy classifications are made if the significant inputs used in financial models measuring the fair values of the assets and liabilities become unobservable or observable, respectively, in the current marketplace, or when previously insignificant unobservable and observable inputs become significant, respectively. For more information regarding the fair value hierarchy and how the Corporation measures fair value, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles
. The Corporation accounts for certain financial instruments under the fair value option. For more information, see
Note 21 – Fair Value Option
.
Valuation Techniques
The following sections outline the valuation methodologies for the Corporation’s assets and liabilities. While the Corporation believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.
During 2024, there were no significant changes to valuation approaches or techniques that had, or are expected to have, a material impact on the Corporation’s consolidated financial position or results of operations.
Trading Account Assets and Liabilities and Debt Securities
The fair values of trading account assets and liabilities are primarily based on actively traded markets where prices are based on either direct market quotes or observed transactions. The fair values of debt securities are generally based on quoted market prices or market prices for similar assets. Liquidity is a significant factor in the determination of the fair values of trading account assets and liabilities and debt securities. Market price quotes may not be readily available for some positions such as positions within a market sector where trading activity has slowed significantly or ceased. Some of these instruments are valued using a discounted cash flow model, which estimates the fair value of the securities using internal credit risk, and interest rate and prepayment risk models that incorporate management’s best estimate of current key assumptions such as default rates, loss severity and prepayment rates. Principal and interest cash flows are discounted using an observable discount rate for similar instruments with adjustments that management believes a market participant would consider in determining fair value for the specific security. Other