Banking
segments. These deposits are diversified by clients, product type and geography, and the majority of our U.S. deposits are insured by the FDIC.
At December 31, 2024, 48 percent of our deposits were in
Consumer Banking
, 15 percent in
GWIM
and 29 percent in
Global Banking
. As of the same period, approximately 68 percent of consumer and small business deposits and 79 percent of U.S. deposits in
Global Banking
were held by clients who have had accounts with us for 10 or more years. In addition, at December 31, 2024 and 2023, 27 percent and 28 percent of our deposits were noninterest bearing and included operating accounts of our consumer and commercial clients. During the three months ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, rates paid on deposits were 64 bps and 47 bps in
Consumer Banking
, 275 bps and 287 bps in
GWIM
, and 297 bps and 296 bps in
Global Bankin
g. For information on annual rates paid on consolidated deposit balances, see
Table 8
on page
33
.
We consider a substantial portion of our deposit base to be
a stable, low-cost and consistent source of funding. We believe this deposit funding is generally less sensitive to interest rate changes, market volatility or changes in our credit ratings than wholesale funding sources. Our lending activities may also be financed through secured borrowings, including credit card securitizations and securitizations with government-sponsored enterprises (GSE), the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and private-label investors, as well as FHLB loans.
Our trading activities in other regulated entities are primarily funded on a secured basis through securities lending and repurchase agreements, and these amounts will vary based on customer activity and market conditions. We believe funding these activities in the secured financing markets is more cost-efficient and less sensitive to changes in our credit ratings than unsecured financing. Repurchase agreements are generally short-term and often overnight. Disruptions in secured financing markets for financial institutions have occurred in prior market cycles which resulted in adverse changes in terms or significant reductions in the availability of such financing. We manage the liquidity risks arising from secured funding by sourcing funding globally from a diverse group of counterparties, providing a
range of securities collateral and pursuing longer durations, when appropriate. For more information on secured financing agreements, see
Note 10 – Securities Financing Agreements, Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and Restricted Cash
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Total long-term debt decreased
$18.9 billion
to $283.3 billion
during 2024, primarily due to maturities and redemptions, partially offset by debt issuances and valuation adjustments. We may, from time to time, purchase outstanding debt instruments in various transactions, depending on market conditions, liquidity and other factors. Our other regulated entities may also make markets in