including potential resolution scenarios. The scenarios are based on our historical experience, experience of distressed and failed financial institutions, regulatory guidance, and both expected and unexpected future events.
The types of potential contractual and contingent cash outflows we consider in our scenarios may include, but are not limited to, upcoming contractual maturities of unsecured debt and reductions in new debt issuances; diminished access to secured financing markets; potential deposit withdrawals; increased draws on loan commitments, liquidity facilities and letters of credit; additional collateral that counterparties could call if our credit ratings were downgraded; collateral and margin requirements arising from market value changes; and potential liquidity required to maintain businesses and finance customer activities. Changes in certain market factors, including, but not limited to, credit rating downgrades, could negatively impact potential contractual and contingent outflows and the related financial instruments, and in some cases these impacts could be material to our financial results.
We consider all sources of funds that we could access during each stress scenario and focus particularly on matching available sources with corresponding liquidity requirements by legal entity. We also use the stress modeling results to manage our asset and liability profile and establish limits and guidelines on certain funding sources and businesses.
Net Stable Funding Ratio
The Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) is a liquidity requirement for large banks to maintain a minimum level of stable funding
over a one-year period. The requirement is intended to support the ability of banks to lend to households and businesses in both normal and adverse economic conditions and is complementary to the LCR, which focuses on short-term liquidity risks. The U.S. NSFR applies to the Corporation on a consolidated basis and to our insured depository institutions. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024, the average consolidated NSFR was 121 percent and 119 percent.
Diversified Funding Sources
We fund our assets primarily with a mix of deposits, and secured and unsecured liabilities through a centralized, globally coordinated funding approach diversified across products, programs, markets, currencies and investor groups.
The primary benefits of our centralized funding approach include greater control, reduced funding costs, wider name recognition by investors and greater flexibility to meet the variable funding requirements of subsidiaries. Where regulations, time zone differences or other business considerations make Parent funding impractical, certain other subsidiaries may issue their own debt.
We fund a substantial portion of our lending activities through our deposits, which were $1.97 trillion and $1.92 trillion at December 31, 2024 and
2023
. Deposits are primarily generated by our
Consumer Banking, GWIM
and
Global