used in our ALM activities can be split into two broad categories: designated accounting hedges and other risk management derivatives. Designated accounting hedges are primarily used to manage our exposure to interest rates as described in the Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book section and are included in the sensitivities presented in Table 44. The Corporation also uses foreign currency derivatives
in accounting hedges to manage substantially all of the foreign exchange risk of our foreign operations. By hedging the foreign exchange risk of our foreign operations, the Corporation's market risk exposure in this area is not significant.
Risk management derivatives are predominantly used to hedge foreign exchange risks related to various foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities and eliminate substantially all foreign currency exposures in the cash flows of the Corporation’s non-trading foreign currency-denominated financial instruments. These foreign exchange derivatives are sensitive to other market risk exposures such as cross-currency basis spreads and interest rate risk. However, as these features are not a significant component of these foreign exchange derivatives, the market risk related to this exposure is not significant. For more information on the accounting for derivatives, see
Note 3 – Derivatives
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Mortgage Banking Risk Management
We originate, fund and service mortgage loans, which subject us to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks, among others. We determine whether loans will be held for investment or held for sale at the time of commitment and manage credit and liquidity risks by selling or securitizing a portion of the loans we originate.
Interest rate risk and market risk can be substantial in the mortgage business. Changes in interest rates and other market factors impact the volume of mortgage originations. Changes in interest rates also impact the value of interest rate lock commitments (IRLCs) and the related residential first mortgage LHFS between the date of the IRLC and the date the loans are sold to the secondary market. An increase in mortgage interest rates typically leads to a decrease in the value of these instruments. Conversely, when there is an increase in interest rates, the value of the MSRs will increase driven by lower prepayment expectations. Because the interest rate risks of these hedged items offset, we combine them into one overall hedged item with one combined economic hedge portfolio consisting of derivative contracts and securities.
Compliance and Operational Risk Management
Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss or damage to the reputation of the Corporation arising from the failure of the Corporation to comply with the requirements of applicable LRRs and our internal policies and procedures (collectively, applicable LRRs). We are subject to comprehensive and evolving regulation under