investment management, brokerage, banking, trust and retirement products. We are a global leader in corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world.
The Corporation’s website is www.bankofamerica.com, and the Investor Relations portion of our website is https://investor.bankofamerica.com. We use our website to distribute company information, including as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. We routinely post and make accessible financial and other information regarding the Corporation on our website. Investors should monitor our website, including the Investor Relations portion, in addition to our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls and webcasts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the information contained on our website as referenced in this paragraph is not incorporated  by  reference into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Recent Developments
Capital Management
On April 23, 2025, the Corporation’s Board of Directors (the Board) declared a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.26 per share, payable on June 27, 2025 to shareholders of record as of June 6, 2025.
For more information on our capital resources, see Capital Management beginning on page 16.
Financial Highlights
(1)
For definitions, see Key Metrics on page 94.
(2)
Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity is a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information and a corresponding reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measures defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP), see Non-GAAP Reconciliations on page 43.
Net income was $7.4 billion, or $0.90 per diluted share, for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to $6.7 billion, or $0.76 per diluted share, for the same period in 2024. The increase in net income was primarily due to higher noninterest income and net interest income, partially offset by higher noninterest expense.
Total assets increased $87.9 billion from December 31, 2024 to $3.3 trillion primarily driven by higher securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell to support
Global Markets
client activity, higher trading account assets and debt securities, and loan growth.
Total liabilities increased $87.9 billion from December 31, 2024 to $3.1 trillion primarily driven by higher securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase to support
Global Markets
client activity, higher deposits due to seasonal deposit inflows and client activity, and long-term debt issuances.
Shareholders’ equity was $295.6 billion at March 31, 2025, relatively unchanged compared to December 31, 2024, as net income and market value increases on derivatives were largely offset by returns of capital to shareholders through common stock repurchases and common and preferred stock