affiliates. In general, U.S. banks are subject to quantitative and qualitative limits on extensions of credit, purchases of assets and certain other transactions involving their nonbank affiliates. Additionally, transactions between U.S. banks and their nonbank affiliates are required to be on arm’s length terms and must be consistent with standards of safety and soundness.
Deposit Insurance
Deposits placed at U.S. domiciled banks are insured by the FDIC, subject to limits and conditions of applicable law and the FDIC’s regulations. Pursuant to the Financial Reform Act, FDIC insurance coverage limits are $250,000 per depositor, per insured bank for each account ownership category. All insured depository institutions are required to pay assessments to the FDIC in order to fund the DIF.
The FDIC is required to maintain a statutory minimum ratio of the DIF to insured deposits in the U.S. of at least 1.35 percent and has established a long-term goal of a two percent DIF ratio. As of the date of this report, the DIF is below the statutory minimum ratio and the FDIC’s long-term goal. In October 2022, the FDIC adopted a restoration plan that includes an increase in deposit insurance assessments across the industry of two basis points (bps). The FDIC has indicated that it intends to maintain such assessment rates for the foreseeable future. Deposit insurance assessment rates are subject to change by the FDIC and will be impacted by the overall economy and the stability of the banking industry as a whole. The FDIC also has the authority to charge special assessments from time to time, including in connection with systemic risk events. For example, in 2023, the FDIC issued its final rule to impose a special assessment to recover the loss to the DIF resulting from the closure of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. For more information on the impact to the Corporation of the FDIC special assessment, see
Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For more information regarding deposit insurance, see Item 1A. Risk Factors – Regulatory, Compliance and Legal on page 17.
Capital, Liquidity and Operational Requirements
As a financial holding company, we and our bank subsidiaries are subject to the regulatory capital and liquidity rules issued by the Federal Reserve and other U.S. banking regulators, including the OCC and the FDIC. These rules are complex and continue to evolve as U.S. and international regulatory authorities propose and enact amendments to these rules. The Corporation seeks to manage its capital position to maintain sufficient capital to satisfy these regulatory rules and to support our business activities. These continually evolving rules are likely to influence our planning processes and may require additional regulatory capital and liquidity, as well as impose additional operational and compliance costs on the Corporation.
For more information on regulatory capital rules and capital composition, see