changes. We execute the majority of our credit derivative trades in the OTC market with large, multinational financial institutions, including broker-dealers and, to a lesser degree, with a variety of other investors. Because these transactions are executed in the OTC market, we are subject to settlement risk. We are also subject to credit risk in the event that these counterparties fail to perform under the terms of these contracts. In order to properly reflect counterparty credit risk, we record counterparty credit risk valuation adjustments on certain derivative assets, including our purchased credit default protection. In most cases, credit derivative transactions are executed on a daily margin basis. Therefore, events such as a credit downgrade, depending on the ultimate rating level, or a breach of credit covenants would typically require an increase in the amount of collateral required by the counterparty, where applicable, and/or allow us to take additional protective measures such as early termination of all
trades. For more information on credit derivatives and counterparty credit risk valuation adjustments, see
Note 3 – Derivatives
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Non-U.S. Portfolio
Our non-U.S. credit and trading portfolios are subject to country risk. We define country risk as the risk of loss from unfavorable economic and political conditions, currency fluctuations, social instability and changes in government policies. A risk management framework is in place to measure, monitor and manage non-U.S. risk and exposures. In addition to the direct risk of doing business in a country, we also are exposed to indirect country risks (e.g., related to the collateral received on secured financing transactions or related to client clearing activities). These indirect exposures are managed in the normal course of business through credit, market and operational risk governance rather than through country risk governance.
Table 37 presents our 20 largest non-U.S. country exposures at December 31, 2024. These exposures accounted for 89 percent of our total non-U.S. exposure at both December 31, 2024 and 2023. Net country exposure for these 20 countries increased $21.5 billion in 2024 primarily driven by increases in the United Kingdom and Canada.
Non-U.S. exposure is presented on an internal risk management basis and includes sovereign and non-sovereign credit exposure, securities and other investments issued by or domiciled in countries other than the U.S.
Funded loans and loan equivalents include loans, leases, and other extensions of credit and funds, including letters of credit and due from placements. Unfunded commitments are the undrawn portion of legally binding commitments related to loans and loan equivalents. Net counterparty exposure includes the fair value of derivatives, including the counterparty risk associated with credit default swaps (CDS), and secured financing transactions. Securities and other investments are carried