dividends, as well as preferred stock redemptions.
Net Interest Income
Net interest income increased $411 million to $14.4 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. Net interest yield on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis was 1.99 percent, unchanged from the same period a year ago. The increase in net interest income was primarily driven by lower deposit costs, higher net interest income related to
Global Markets
activity and fixed-rate asset repricing, partially offset by the impacts of lower rates and one less day of interest accrual. For more information on net interest yield and FTE basis, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 5, and for more information on interest rate risk management, see Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book on page 40.
Noninterest Income
Noninterest income increased $1.1 billion to $12.9 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. The following highlights the significant changes.
●
Service charges increased $119 million primarily due to higher treasury service charges.
●
Investment and brokerage services increased $626 million primarily driven by higher asset management fees due to higher average equity market valuations and the impact of positive assets under management (AUM) flows.
●
Market making and similar activities decreased $304 million primarily driven by lower trading revenue from credit products in Fixed Income, Currencies and Commodities (FICC), and lower income from foreign currency risk management activities.
●
Other income increased $686 million primarily due to gains on leveraged finance positions and certain valuation adjustments.
Provision for Credit Losses
The provision for credit losses increased $161 million to $1.5 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. The provision for credit losses for the current year was primarily driven by credit card loans. Compared to the same period a year ago, the provision for credit losses was primarily driven by credit card loans and the commercial real estate office portfolio. For more information on the provision for credit losses, see Allowance for Credit Losses on page 36.
Noninterest Expense
Noninterest expense increased $533 million to $17.8 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. The increase was primarily driven by investments in people, revenue-related expenses, technology, and operations. Additionally, the prior-year period included a $700 million accrual for the increase in the Corporation’s share of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) special assessment.
Income Tax Expense
The effective tax rates (ETR) for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were primarily driven by our recurring tax preference benefits, which mainly consisted of tax credits from investments in affordable housing and renewable energy. Absent these credits and discrete