obligations using mortgages as underlying collateral. In addition, we originate a variety of MBS, which involves the accumulation of mortgage-related loans in anticipation of eventual securitization, and we may hold positions in mortgage securities and residential mortgage loans as part of the ALM portfolio. We also record MSRs as part of our mortgage origination activities. Hedging instruments used to mitigate this risk include derivatives such as options, swaps, futures and forwards as well as securities including MBS and U.S. Treasury securities. For more information, see Mortgage Banking Risk Management on page 80.
Equity Market Risk
Equity market risk represents exposures to securities that represent an ownership interest in a corporation in the form of domestic and foreign common stock or other equity-linked instruments. Instruments that would lead to this exposure include, but are not limited to, the following: common stock, exchange-traded funds, American Depositary Receipts, convertible bonds, listed equity options (puts and calls), OTC equity options, equity total return swaps, equity index futures and other equity derivative products. Hedging instruments used to mitigate this risk include options, futures, swaps, convertible bonds and cash positions.
Commodity Risk
Commodity risk represents exposures to instruments traded in the petroleum, natural gas, power and metals markets. These instruments consist primarily of futures, forwards, swaps and options. Hedging instruments used to mitigate this risk include
options, futures and swaps in the same or similar commodity product, as well as cash positions.
Issuer Credit Risk
Issuer credit risk represents exposures to changes in the creditworthiness of individual issuers or groups of issuers. Our portfolio is exposed to issuer credit risk where the value of an asset may be adversely impacted by changes in the levels of credit spreads, by credit migration or by defaults. Hedging instruments used to mitigate this risk include bonds, CDS and other credit fixed-income instruments.
Market Liquidity Risk
Market liquidity risk represents the risk that the level of expected market activity changes dramatically and, in certain cases, may even cease. This exposes us to the risk that we will not be able to transact business and execute trades in an orderly manner which may impact our results. This impact could be further exacerbated if expected hedging or pricing correlations are compromised by disproportionate demand or lack of demand for certain instruments. We utilize various risk mitigating techniques as discussed in more detail in Trading Risk Management.
Trading Risk Management
To evaluate risks in our trading activities, we focus on the actual and potential volatility of revenues generated by individual positions as well as portfolios of positions. Various techniques and procedures are utilized to enable the most complete understanding of these risks. Quantitative measures of market risk are