is subject to various regulatory policies and requirements relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain capital above regulatory minimums. All of the Corporation’s preferred stock outstanding has preference over the Corporation’s common stock with respect to payment of dividends.
(1)
Includes 32 million shares of the Corporation's common stock acquired by the Corporation in connection with satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock or restricted stock units and certain forfeitures and terminations of employment-related awards and for potential re-issuance to certain employees under equity incentive plans.
(2)
On July 24, 2024, the Board authorized and announced a $25 billion common stock repurchase program, effective August 1, 2024, to replace the Corporation’s previous program, which expired on August 1, 2024. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, pursuant to the Board’s authorization, the Corporation repurchased approximately 103 million shares, or $4.5 billion, of its common stock under such repurchase program. For more information, see Capital Management – CCAR and Capital Planning in the MD&A on page 16 and
Note 11 – Shareholders’ Equity
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Corporation did not have any unregistered sales of equity securities during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
Item 5.  Other Information
Trading Arrangements
During the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2025, none of the Corporation’s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended)
adopted
or
terminated
a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (in each case, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K) for the purchase or sale of the Corporation’s securities.
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, an issuer is required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with individuals or entities designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders. Disclosure may be required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. Except as set forth below, as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Corporation is not aware of any other activity, transaction or dealing by any of its affiliates during the quarter ended March 31, 2025 that requires disclosure under Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act.
During the first quarter of 2025, Bank of America, National Association (BANA), a U.S. subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation, processed 85 authorized wire payments totaling $29,281,906 pursuant to four separate general licenses issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) regarding Afghanistan or governing