for management oversight of key risks facing the Corporation, including an integrated evaluation of risk, earnings, capital and liquidity.
Executive Officers
Executive officers lead various functions representing the functional roles. Authority for functional roles may be delegated to executive officers from the Board, Board committees or management-level committees. Executive officers, in turn, may further delegate responsibilities, as appropriate, to management-level committees, management routines or individuals. Executive officers review our activities for consistency with our Risk Framework, risk appetite, and applicable strategic, capital and financial operating plans, as well as applicable policies and standards. Executive officers and other employees make decisions individually on a day-to-day basis, consistent with the authority they have been delegated.
Executive officers and other employees may also serve on committees and participate in committee decisions.
Lines of Defense
We have clear ownership and accountability for managing risk across three lines of defense: Front Line Units (FLUs), GRM and Corporate Audit. We also have control functions outside of FLUs and GRM (e.g., Legal and Global Human Resources). The three lines of defense are integrated into our management-level governance structure. Each of these functional roles is further described in this section.
Front Line Units and Control Functions
FLUs, which include the business segments and underlying businesses, as well as the organizations that support technology and operations for the Corporation, are responsible for appropriately assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their activities. Control functions provide guidance and subject matter expertise on day-to-day activities affecting the Corporation, as well as by overseeing and managing risks that emanate from their own respective activities.
Global Risk Management
GRM is part of our control functions and operates as our independent risk management function. GRM, led by the Chief Risk Officer (CRO), is responsible for independently assessing and overseeing risks within FLUs and other control functions. GRM establishes written enterprise policies and procedures outlining how aggregate risks are identified, measured, monitored and controlled.
The CRO has the stature, authority and independence needed to develop and implement a meaningful risk management framework and practices to guide the Corporation in managing risk. The CRO has unrestricted access to the Board and reports directly to both the ERC and the CEO. GRM is organized into horizontal risk teams that cover a specific risk area and vertical CRO teams that cover a particular FLU or control function. These teams work collaboratively in executing their respective duties.
Corporate Audit
Corporate Audit and the CAE maintain their independence from the FLUs, GRM and other control functions by reporting directly to the Audit Committee. The CAE