the fair value of consumer unfunded lending commitments because, in many instances, the Corporation can reduce or cancel these commitments by providing notice to the borrower. For more information on commitments, see
Note 10 – Commitments and Contingencies
.
NOTE 17
Business Segment Information
The Corporation reports its results of operations through the following
four
business segments:
Consumer Banking
,
Global Wealth & Investment Management,
Global Banking
and
Global Markets
, with the remaining operations recorded in
All Other
.  For more information, see
Note 23 – Business Segment Information
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the
Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The following tables presents net income (loss) and the components thereto (with net interest income on an FTE basis for the business segments,
All Other
and the total Corporation) for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, and total assets at March 31, 2025 and 2024 for each business segment, as well as
All Other.
(1)
Segment results are presented on an FTE basis and include additional net interest income and income tax expense, related to tax-exempt securities, of $
145
million and $
158
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, as compared to the Consolidated Statement of Income.
(2)
There were no material intersegment revenues.
(3)
Represents the compensation and benefits directly incurred by each segment.
The table below presents noninterest income and the associated components for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 for each business segment,
All Other
and the total Corporation. For more information, see
Note 2 – Net Interest Income and Noninterest Income
.
Glossary
Alt-A Mortgage
–
A type of U.S. mortgage that is considered riskier than A-paper, or “prime,” and less risky than “subprime,” the riskiest category. Typically, Alt-A mortgages are characterized by borrowers with less than full documentation, lower credit scores and higher LTVs.
Assets Under Management (AUM)
– The total market value of assets under the investment advisory and/or discretion of
GWIM
which generate asset management fees based on a percentage of the assets’ market values. AUM reflects assets that are generally managed for institutional, high net worth and retail clients, and are distributed through various investment products including mutual funds, other commingled vehicles and separate accounts.
Banking Book
– All on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments of the Corporation except for those positions that are held for trading purposes.
Brokerage and Other Assets
– Non-discretionary client assets which are held in brokerage accounts or held for safekeeping.
Committed Credit Exposure
– Any funded portion of a facility plus the unfunded portion of a facility on which the lender is legally bound to advance funds during a specified period under prescribed conditions.
Credit Derivatives
– Contractual agreements that provide