were daily trading gains of over $25 million. This compares to the three months ended December 31, 2024 where positive trading-related revenue was recorded for 98 percent of the trading days, of which 86 percent were daily trading gains of over $25 million, and the largest loss was $12 million.
Trading Portfolio Stress Testing
Because the very nature of a VaR model suggests results can exceed our estimates and it is dependent on a limited historical window, we also stress test our portfolio using scenario analysis. This analysis estimates the change in the value of our trading portfolio that may result from abnormal market movements. For more information, see Trading Risk Management – Trading Portfolio Stress Testing in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book
The following discussion presents net interest income for banking book activities. For more information, see Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Table 39 presents the spot and 12-month forward rates used in developing the forward curve used in our baseline forecasts at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Table 40 shows the potential pretax impact to forecasted net interest income over the next 12 months from March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 resulting from instantaneous parallel and non-parallel shocks to the market-based forward curve. Periodically, we evaluate the scenarios presented so that they are meaningful in the context of the current rate environment. Amounts presented reflect dynamic deposit sensitivities, which incorporate behavioral customer deposit balance changes that could occur under various scenarios. For more information, see Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
We continue to be asset sensitive to a parallel upward move in interest rates, with the majority of that impact coming from the short end of the yield curve. Additionally, higher interest rates negatively impact the fair value of our debt securities classified as available for sale and adversely affect accumulated OCI and thus capital levels under the Basel 3 capital rules. Under instantaneous upward parallel shifts, the near-term adverse impact to Basel 3 capital would be reduced over time by offsetting positive impacts to net interest income generated from banking book activities. For more information on Basel 3, see Capital Management – Regulatory Capital on page 16.
As part of our ALM activities, we use securities, certain residential mortgages, and interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives in managing interest rate sensitivity. The sensitivity analysis in Table 40 assumes that we take no action in response to these rate shocks and does not assume any change in other macroeconomic variables normally correlated with changes in interest rates. In higher rate scenarios, the