term Borrowings, Collateral and Restricted Cash
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(1)
Includes activity where uncertainty exists as to the enforceability of certain master netting agreements under bankruptcy laws in some countries or industries.
(2)
Includes securities collateral received or pledged under repurchase or securities lending agreements where there is a legally enforceable master netting agreement. These amounts are not offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, but are shown as a reduction to derive a net asset or liability. Securities collateral received or pledged where the legal enforceability of the master netting agreements is uncertain is excluded from the table.
(3)
Excludes repurchase activity of $
11.6
billion and $
12.3
billion reported in loans and leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet for March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
(4)
Balance is reported in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and relates to transactions where the Corporation acts as the lender in a securities lending agreement and receives securities that can be pledged as collateral or sold. In these transactions, the Corporation recognizes an asset at fair value, representing the securities received, and a liability, representing the obligation to return those securities.
Repurchase Agreements and Securities Loaned Transactions Accounted for as Secured Borrowings
The following tables present securities sold under agreements to repurchase and securities loaned by remaining contractual term to maturity and class of collateral pledged. Included in “Other” are transactions where the Corporation acts as the lender in a securities lending agreement and receives securities that can be pledged as collateral or sold. Certain agreements contain a right to substitute collateral and/or terminate the
agreement prior to maturity at the option of the Corporation or the counterparty. Such agreements are included in the table below based on the remaining contractual term to maturity. For more information on collateral requirements, see
Note 10 – Securities Financing Agreements, Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and Restricted Cash
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(1)
No
agreements have maturities greater than
four years
.
Collateral
The Corporation accepts securities and loans as collateral that it is permitted by contract or practice to sell or repledge. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the fair value of this collateral was $
1.0
trillion and $
925.7
billion, of which $
945.7
billion and $
882.2
billion were sold or repledged. The primary source of this collateral is securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell. For more information on collateral, see
Note 10 – Securities Financing Agreements, Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and Restricted Cash
to the Consolidated Financial Statements
of