trading loss in excess of VaR every 100 days or between two to three trading losses in excess of VaR over the course of a year. The number of backtesting excesses observed can differ from the statistically expected number of excesses if the current level of market volatility is materially different than the level of market volatility that existed during the three years of historical data used in the VaR calculation.
The trading revenue used for backtesting is defined by regulatory agencies in order to most closely align with the VaR component of the regulatory capital calculation. This revenue differs from total trading-related revenue in that it excludes revenue from trading activities that either do not generate market risk or for which  the market risk cannot be included in VaR. Some examples of the types of revenue excluded for backtesting are fees, commissions, reserves, net interest income and intra-day trading revenues.
We conduct daily backtesting on the VaR results used for regulatory capital calculations as well as at the level of key legal entities. These results are reported to senior management, who regularly review and evaluate the results of these tests.
During 2024, there was one
day where this subset of trading revenue had losses that exceeded our total covered portfolio VaR, utilizing a one-day holding period.
Total Trading-related Revenue
Total trading-related revenue, excluding brokerage fees, and CVA, DVA and funding valuation adjustment gains (losses), represents the total amount earned from trading positions, including market-based net interest income, which are taken in a diverse range of financial instruments and markets. For more information on fair value, see
Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Trading-related revenue can be volatile and is largely driven by general market conditions and customer demand. Also, trading-related revenue is dependent on the volume and type of transactions, the level of risk assumed, and the volatility of price and rate movements at any given time within the ever-changing market environment. Significant daily revenue by business is monitored and the primary drivers of these are reviewed.
The following histogram is a graphic depiction of trading volatility and illustrates the daily level of trading-related revenue for 2024 and 2023. During 2024, positive trading-related revenue was recorded for more than 99 percent of the trading days, of which 94 percent were daily trading gains of over $25 million, and the largest loss was $12 million. This compares to 2023 where positive trading-related revenue was recorded for 100 percent of the trading days, of which 93 percent were daily trading gains of over $25 million.
Trading Portfolio Stress Testing
Because the very nature of a VaR model suggests results can exceed our estimates and it is dependent on a limited historical window, we also stress test our portfolio using scenario analysis. This analysis