Consolidated Balance Sheet. The ECL for unfunded lending commitments, including home equity lines of credit (HELOCs), standby letters of credit (SBLCs) and binding unfunded loan commitments is reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in accrued expenses and other liabilities. The provision for credit losses related to the loan and lease portfolio and unfunded lending commitments is reported in the Consolidated Statement of Income at the amount necessary to adjust the allowance for credit losses to the current estimate of ECL.
For loans and leases, the ECL is typically estimated using quantitative methods that consider a variety of factors such as historical loss experience, the current credit quality of the portfolio as well as an economic outlook over the life of the loan. The life of the loan for closed-ended products is based on the contractual maturity of the loan adjusted for any expected prepayments. The contractual maturity includes any extension options that are at the sole discretion of the borrower. For open- ended products (e.g., lines of credit), the ECL is determined based on the maximum repayment term associated with future draws from credit lines unless those lines of credit are unconditionally cancellable (e.g., credit cards) in which case the Corporation does not record any allowance.
In its loss forecasting framework, the Corporation incorporates forward-looking information through the use of macroeconomic scenarios applied over the forecasted life of the assets. These macroeconomic scenarios include variables that have historically been key drivers of increases and decreases in credit losses. These variables include, but are not limited to, unemployment rates, real estate prices, gross domestic product levels and corporate bond spreads. As any one economic outlook is inherently uncertain, the Corporation leverages multiple scenarios. The scenarios that are chosen each quarter and the weighting given to each scenario depend on a variety of factors including recent economic events, leading economic indicators, views of internal and third-party economists and industry trends.
The estimate of credit losses includes expected recoveries of amounts previously charged off (i.e., negative allowance). If a loan has been charged off, the expected cash flows on the loan are not limited by the current amortized cost balance. Instead, expected cash flows can be assumed up to the unpaid principal balance immediately prior to the charge-off.
Included in the allowance for loan and lease losses are qualitative reserves to cover losses that are expected but, in the Corporation's assessment, may not be adequately reflected in the quantitative methods or the economic assumptions described above. For example, factors that the Corporation considers include changes in lending policies and procedures, business conditions, the nature and size of the portfolio, portfolio concentrations, the volume and severity of past due loans and nonaccrual loans,