Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Credit derivative instruments where the Corporation is the seller of credit protection and their expiration at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 are summarized in the following table.
The notional amount represents the maximum amount payable by the Corporation for most credit derivatives. However, the Corporation does not monitor its exposure to credit derivatives based solely on the notional amount because this measure does not take into consideration the probability of occurrence. As such, the notional amount is not a reliable indicator of the Corporation’s exposure to these contracts. Instead, a risk framework is used to define risk tolerances and establish limits so that certain credit risk-related losses occur within acceptable, predefined limits.
Credit-related notes in the table above include investments in securities issued by collateralized debt obligation (CDO), collateralized loan obligation (CLO) and credit-linked note
vehicles. These instruments are primarily classified as trading securities. The carrying value of these instruments equals the Corporation’s maximum exposure to loss. The Corporation is not obligated to make any payments to the entities under the terms of the securities owned.
Credit-related Contingent Features and Collateral
Certain of the Corporation’s derivative contracts contain credit risk-related contingent features, primarily in the form of ISDA master netting agreements and credit support documentation that enhance the creditworthiness of these instruments compared to other obligations of the respective counterparty with whom the Corporation has transacted. These contingent features may be for the benefit of the Corporation as well as its
counterparties with respect to changes in the Corporation’s creditworthiness and the mark-to-market exposure under the derivative transactions. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Corporation held cash and securities collateral of $
102.8
billion and $
105.9
billion and posted cash and securities collateral of $
83.0
billion and $
83.1
billion in the normal course of business under derivative agreements, excluding cross-product margining agreements where clients are permitted to margin on a net basis for both derivative and secured financing arrangements.
In connection with certain OTC derivative contracts and other trading agreements, the Corporation can be required to provide additional collateral or to terminate transactions with certain counterparties in the event of a downgrade of the senior debt ratings of the Corporation or certain subsidiaries. The amount of additional collateral required depends on the contract and is usually a fixed incremental amount and/or the market value of the exposure. For more information on credit-related contingent features and collateral, see
Note 3 – Derivatives
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report