pending on all remaining claims, brought by individual plaintiffs and one class of plaintiffs who purchased over-the-counter instruments incorporating LIBOR.
Unemployment Insurance Prepaid Cards
Beginning in January 2021, BANA was named as a defendant in putative class action and mass action lawsuits related to its administration of prepaid debit cards to distribute unemployment and other state benefits for the State of California, which was the largest program administered by BANA as measured by total benefits and number of participants.  These lawsuits have been consolidated into a multidistrict litigation in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California where plaintiffs assert claims for violations of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, state statutory and common law claims and due process, and seek monetary damages and injunctive relief based on allegations that BANA failed to properly investigate and remediate cardholder claims of fraudulent transactions and to prevent fraud, among other allegations.
NOTE 13
Shareholders’ Equity
Common Stock
(1)
In 2024, and through February 25, 2025.
The cash dividends paid per share of common stock were $
1.00
, $
0.92
and $
0.86
for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
The table below summarizes common stock repurchases during 2024, 2023 and 2022.
(1)
Consists of repurchases pursuant to the Corporation’s CCAR capital plans.
During 2024, in connection with employee stock plans, the Corporation issued
75
million shares of its common stock and, to satisfy tax withholding obligations, repurchased
28
million shares of common stock. At December 31, 2024, the Corporation had reserved
552
million unissued shares of common stock for future issuances under employee stock plans, convertible notes and preferred stock.
Preferred Stock
The cash dividends declared on preferred stock were $
1.6
billion in 2024, 2023 and 2022.
During 2024, the Corporation fully redeemed Series X, Series U, Series JJ and Series Z stock at their liquidation preference values for a total of $
5.3
billion.
All series of preferred stock in the Preferred Stock Summary table have a par value of $
0.01
per share, are not subject to the operation of a sinking fund, have no participation rights, and with the exception of the Series L Preferred Stock, are not convertible. The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and Series 1 through 5 Preferred Stock have general voting rights and vote together with the common stock. The holders of the other series included in the table have no general voting rights. All outstanding series of preferred stock of the Corporation have preference over the Corporation’s common stock with respect to the payment of dividends and distribution of the Corporation’s assets in the event of a liquidation or dissolution. With the exception of the Series B, F and G Preferred Stock, if any dividend payable on these series is in arrears for
three
or more semi-annual or
six
or more quarterly dividend periods, as