have the principal responsibility for enterprise-wide oversight of our risk management activities. Through these activities, the Board and applicable committees are provided with information on our risk profile and oversee senior management addressing key risks we face. Other Board committees, as described below, provide additional oversight of specific risks.
Each of the committees shown on the above chart regularly reports to the Board on risk-related matters within the committee’s responsibilities, which is intended to collectively provide the Board with integrated insight about our management of enterprise-wide risks.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee oversees the qualifications, performance and independence of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, the performance of our corporate audit function, the integrity of our consolidated financial statements, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and makes inquiries of senior management or the Chief Audit Executive (CAE) to determine whether there are scope or resource limitations that impede the ability of Corporate Audit to execute its responsibilities. The Audit Committee is also responsible for overseeing compliance risks pursuant to the New York Stock Exchange listing standards.
Enterprise Risk Committee
The ERC oversees the Corporation’s Risk Framework, risk appetite and senior management’s responsibilities for the identification, measurement, monitoring and control of key risks facing the Corporation. The ERC may consult with other Board committees on risk-related matters such as the Audit Committee for compliance risks.
Other Board Committees
Our Corporate Governance, ESG, and Sustainability Committee oversees corporate governance matters, including periodically reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on Board succession planning and composition matters, conducting an annual review of the Board’s performance and leading itself and the Board’s other committees in an annual assessment of their performance. The committee also oversees sustainability matters (other than human capital matters), including the Corporation’s public policy engagement, sustainability initiatives, charitable contributions, and community reinvestment activities and performance.
Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee oversees establishing, maintaining and administering our compensation programs and employee benefit plans, including approving and recommending our Chief Executive Officer’s (CEO) compensation to our Board for further approval by all independent directors; reviewing and approving our executive officers’ compensation, as well as compensation for non-management directors; and reviewing certain other human capital management topics.
Management Committees
Management committees receive their authority from the Board, a Board committee, or another management committee. Our primary management risk committee is the MRC. Subject to Board oversight, the MRC is responsible