control, such as regulatory developments, the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment and changes to rating methodologies.
Rating agencies could adjust our credit ratings at any time and there can be no assurance as to whether or when a downgrade could occur. Any reduction could result in a wider credit spread and negatively affect our access to credit markets, the related cost of funds, our businesses and certain trading revenues, particularly in those businesses where counterparty creditworthiness is critical. If the short-term credit ratings of our parent company, bank or broker-dealer subsidiaries were downgraded, we may experience loss of access to short-term funding sources such as repo financing, and/or incur increased cost of funds and increased collateral requirements. Under the terms of certain OTC derivative contracts and other trading agreements, if our or our subsidiaries’ credit ratings are downgraded, the counterparties may require additional collateral or terminate these contracts or agreements.
While certain potential impacts are contractual and quantifiable, the full consequences of a credit rating downgrade are inherently uncertain and depend upon numerous dynamic, complex and inter-related factors and assumptions, including the relationship between long-term and short-term credit ratings and the behaviors of clients, investors and counterparties.
Bank of America Corporation is a holding company, is dependent on its subsidiaries for liquidity and may be restricted from transferring funds from subsidiaries.
Bank of America Corporation, as the parent company, is a separate and distinct legal entity from our bank and nonbank subsidiaries. We evaluate and manage liquidity on a legal entity basis. Legal entity liquidity is an important consideration as there are legal, regulatory, contractual and other limitations on our ability to utilize liquidity from one legal entity to satisfy the liquidity requirements of another, including the parent company, which could result in adverse liquidity events. The parent company depends on dividends, distributions, loans and other payments from our bank and nonbank subsidiaries to fund dividend payments on our preferred stock and common stock and to fund all payments on our other obligations, including debt obligations. Any inability of our subsidiaries to transfer funds,
pay dividends or make payments to us may adversely affect our cash flow, liquidity and financial condition.
Many of our subsidiaries, including our bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments, or authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to the parent company or other subsidiaries. Our bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to lend or transact with affiliates, minimum regulatory capital and liquidity requirements and restrictions on their ability to use funds deposited with them in bank or