the Board authorized a $25 billion common stock repurchase program, effective August 1, 2024, which replaced the Corporation’s previous program that was initially authorized by the Board in 2021, modified in 2023 and expired on August 1, 2024.
Pursuant to Board authorizations, during 2024 we repurchased $13.1 billion of common stock. For more information, see Part II, Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and issuer Purchases of Equity Securities on page 24.
The timing and amount of common stock repurchases are subject to various factors, including the Corporation’s capital position, liquidity, financial performance and alternative uses of capital, stock trading price, regulatory requirements and general market conditions, and may be suspended at any time. Such repurchases may be effected through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including repurchase plans that satisfy the conditions of Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act).
Regulatory Capital
As a BHC, we are subject to regulatory capital rules, including Basel 3, issued by U.S. banking regulators. Basel 3 established minimum capital ratios and buffer requirements and outlined two methods of calculating risk-weighted assets (RWA), the Standardized approach and the Advanced approaches. The Standardized approach relies primarily on supervisory risk weights based on exposure type, and the Advanced approaches determine risk weights based on internal models.
The Corporation's depository institution subsidiaries are also subject to the Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) framework. The Corporation and its primary affiliated banking entity, BANA, are Advanced approaches institutions under Basel 3 and are required to report regulatory risk-based capital ratios and RWA under both the Standardized and Advanced approaches. The lower of the capital ratios under Standardized or Advanced approaches compared to their respective regulatory capital ratio requirements is used to assess capital adequacy, including under the PCA framework. As of December 31, 2024, the Common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital ratios under the Standardized approach were the binding ratios.
Minimum Capital Requirements
In order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, the Corporation must meet risk-based capital ratio requirements that include a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 percent (under the Advanced approaches only), an SCB (under the Standardized
approach only), plus any applicable countercyclical capital buffer and a global systemically important bank (G-SIB) surcharge. The buffers and surcharge must be comprised solely of CET1 capital. For the period from January 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024, the Corporation's minimum CET1 capital ratio requirements were 10.0 percent under both the Standardized approach and the Advanced approaches.