are committed to our purpose and have a passion for serving our clients and communities. This spans programs from entry-level hiring through more senior-level recruiting. In 2024, the Corporation hired over 18,000 teammates reflecting a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives so that we understand and can respond to the needs of our clients and communities.
We provide a variety of resources to help employees grow in their current roles and build new skills, including resources to help employees find new opportunities, re-skill and seek leadership positions. We have 11 Employee Networks with over 320,000 voluntary memberships, which provide teammates opportunities to meet new people, have an impact across multiple business lines and grow personally and professionally. They are open to all employees and participation is voluntary. In 2024, more than 12,000 employees found new roles within the Corporation, and we delivered approximately 7.6 million hours of training and development to our teammates through Bank of America Academy. Additionally, our Board oversees Chief Executive Officer and senior management succession planning, which is formally reviewed at least annually.
As part of our ongoing efforts to make the Corporation a great place to work, we conduct a confidential annual Employee Engagement Survey (Survey) and have done so for nearly two decades. The Survey results are reviewed by the Board and senior management and used to assist in reviewing the Corporation’s human capital strategies, programs, initiatives, and practices. In 2024, 87 percent of the Corporation’s employees participated in the Survey, and our Employee Engagement Index, an overall measure of employee satisfaction with the Corporation, was 84 percent. Our turnover among employees was stable at 8 percent in both 2024 and 2023.
Recognizing and Rewarding Performance
Our compensation philosophy is to pay for performance over the long term, as well as on an annual basis. Our performance considerations encompass both financial and nonfinancial measures, including the manner in which results are achieved. These considerations are designed to reinforce and promote Responsible Growth and align with our Risk Framework.
We strive to pay our employees based on market rates for their roles, experience and how they perform. We regularly benchmark against other companies both within and outside our industry to confirm our pay is competitive. In 2021, the Corporation announced it would increase its minimum hourly wage for U.S. employees to $25 per hour by 2025. In October 2024, as a next step towards that goal, the Corporation increased its hourly minimum wage for U.S. employees to $24 per hour. In addition, in January 2025, for the eighth year since 2017, we announced that we recognized our teammates with Sharing Success compensation awards for their efforts during 2024. Approximately 97 percent of employees globally will receive an award in the first quarter of 2025.