and employees, and  give rise to additional regulatory restrictions, legal risks and reputational harm, which could, among other consequences, increase the size and number of litigation claims and damages asserted or subject us to enforcement actions, fines and penalties, and cause us to incur related costs and expenses.
Other
We face significant and increasing competition in the financial services industry.
We operate in a highly competitive environment and experience intense competition from local and global bank and nonbank financial institutions and new entrants in domestic and foreign markets. There is increasing pressure to provide products and services on more attractive terms, including lower fees, lower cost investment strategies and higher interest rates on deposits, which may impact our ability to effectively compete. Also, we may be disadvantaged from more stringent regulatory requirements applicable to us than to nonbank financial institutions or other actual or perceived competitors.
The growth of and mergers among traditional financial services companies have increased competition. Emerging technologies and the growth of e-commerce have lowered geographic and monetary barriers of other financial institutions, made it easier for non-depository institutions to offer traditional banking products and services and allowed non-traditional financial service providers and technology companies to compete with traditional financial service companies in providing electronic and internet-based financial solutions and services, including electronic securities trading with low or no fees and commissions, marketplace lending, financial data aggregation and payment processing services, including real-time payment platforms. Further, clients may choose to conduct business with other market participants who engage in business or offer products in areas we deem speculative or risky as an alternative to traditional products. Increased competition may reduce our market share, net interest margin and revenues from our fee-based products and services and negatively affect our earnings, including by pressuring us to lower pricing, requiring additional investment to improve the quality and delivery of our technology and/or affecting our clients’ willingness to do business with us.
Our inability to adapt our business strategies, products and services could harm our business.
We rely on a diversified mix of businesses that deliver a broad range of financial products and services through multiple distribution channels. Our success depends on our and our third-party providers’ ability to timely change or adapt our business strategies, products and services and their respective features, including available payment processing services and technology, such as AI and machine learning, to rapidly evolving industry standards and consumer preferences. Our strategies could be further impacted by macroeconomic stress,
widespread health emergencies or pandemics,