to 2023. The increase was primarily driven by higher revenue-related expenses as well as investments in people, operations and technology, partially offset by higher Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) expense in 2023, including $2.1 billion for the estimated special assessment amount arising from the closure of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, and lower expenses related to a liquidating business activity.
Income Tax Expense
The effective tax rates for 2024 and 2023 were primarily driven by our recurring tax preference benefits, which primarily consisted of tax credits from investments in affordable housing and renewable energy. Also included in the effective tax rate for 2023 were tax impacts related to the FDIC special assessment and BSBY’s cessation announced in 2023. For more information on our recurring tax preference benefits, see
Note 19 – Income Taxes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Absent the tax credits and discrete tax benefits, the effective tax rates would have been approximately 25 percent for both periods.
Balance Sheet Overview
Assets
At December 31, 2024, total assets were approximately $3.3 trillion, up $81.4 billion from December 31, 2023. The increase in assets was primarily due to higher debt securities, loans and leases, and trading account assets, partially offset by lower cash and cash equivalents.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents decreased $43.0 billion primarily driven by reinvestment of cash into debt securities.
Federal Funds Sold and Securities Borrowed or Purchased Under Agreements to Resell
Federal funds transactions involve lending reserve balances on a short-term basis. Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell are collateralized lending transactions utilized to accommodate customer transactions, earn interest rate spreads and obtain securities for settlement and for collateral. Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell decreased $5.9 billion primarily due to increased investments in debt securities for balance sheet and liquidity positioning purposes.
Trading Account Assets
Trading account assets consist primarily of long positions in equity and fixed-income securities including U.S. government and agency securities, corporate securities and non-U.S. sovereign debt. Trading account assets increased $37.1 billion primarily due to client activity within
Global Markets
.
Debt Securities
Debt securities primarily include U.S. Treasury and agency securities, mortgage-backed securities (MBS), principally agency MBS, non-U.S. bonds, corporate bonds and municipal debt. We reinvest cash in the debt securities portfolio primarily to manage interest rate and liquidity risk. Debt securities increased $45.9 billion primarily due to investment of excess cash from higher deposits. For more information on debt securities, see
Note 4 – Securities
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Loans and Leases
Loans and leases