federal government shutdown and uncertainty regarding the federal government’s debt limit or changes in fiscal, monetary, trade or regulatory policy;
the emergence  of widespread health emergencies or pandemics; the impact of natural disasters, extreme weather events, military conflicts (including the Russia/Ukraine conflict, the conflicts in the Middle East, the possible expansion of such conflicts and potential geopolitical consequences), terrorism or other geopolitical events;
and other matters.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements referred to in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) are incorporated by reference into the MD&A. Certain prior-period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current-period presentation. Throughout the MD&A, the Corporation uses certain acronyms and abbreviations which are defined in the Glossary.
Executive Summary
Business Overview
The Corporation is a Delaware corporation, a bank holding company (BHC) and a financial holding company. When used in this report, “Bank of America,” “the Corporation,” “we,” “us” and “our” may refer to Bank of America Corporation individually, Bank of America Corporation and its subsidiaries, or certain of Bank of America Corporation’s subsidiaries or affiliates. Our principal executive offices are located in Charlotte, North Carolina. Through our various bank and nonbank subsidiaries throughout the U.S. and in international markets, we provide a diversified range of banking and nonbank financial services and products through four business segments:
Consumer Banking
,
Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM)
,
Global Banking
and
Global Markets
, with the remaining operations recorded in
All Other
. We operate our banking activities primarily under the Bank of America, National Association (Bank of America, N.A. or BANA) charter. At March 31, 2025, the Corporation had $3.3 trillion in assets and a headcount of approximately 213,000 employees. As of March 31, 2025, we served clients through operations across the U.S., its territories and more than 35 countries. Our retail banking footprint covers all major markets in the U.S., and we serve approximately 69 million consumer and small business clients with approximately 3,700 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs, and leading digital banking platforms (www.bankofamerica.com) with approximately 49 million active users, including approximately 40 million active mobile users. We offer industry-leading support to approximately four million small business households. Our
GWIM
businesses, with client balances of $4.2 trillion, provide tailored solutions to meet client needs through a full set of