removed from the balance whether their resolution results in payment or recognition.
The Corporation recognized an interest benefit of $
9
million in 2024, interest expense of $
35
million in 2023 and interest benefit of $
50
million in 2022. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation’s accrual for interest and penalties that related to income taxes, net of taxes and remittances, was $
105
million and $
134
million.
The Corporation files income tax returns in more than
100
states and non-U.S. jurisdictions each year. The IRS and other tax authorities in countries and states in which the Corporation has significant business operations examine tax returns periodically (continuously in some jurisdictions).
The table below summarizes the status of examinations by major jurisdiction for the Corporation and various subsidiaries at December 31, 2024.
(1)
All tax years subsequent to the years shown remain subject to examination.
(2)
Field examination for tax year 2023 to begin in 2025.
Significant components of the Corporation’s net deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2024 and 2023 are presented in the following table.
The table below summarizes the deferred tax assets and related valuation allowances recognized for the net operating loss (NOL) and tax credit carryforwards at December 31, 2024.
(1)
Represents U.K. broker-dealer net operating losses that may be carried forward indefinitely.
(2)
The net operating losses and related valuation allowances for U.S. states before considering the benefit of federal deductions were $
664
million and $
459
million.
Management concluded that
no
valuation allowance was necessary to reduce the deferred tax assets related to the U.K. NOL carryforwards and U.S. federal and certain state NOL carryforwards since estimated future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize these assets prior to their expiration. Additionally, the Corporation has U.K. net deferred tax assets, which consist primarily of NOLs that are expected to be realized in a U.K. subsidiary over an extended number of years. Management’s conclusion is supported by financial results, profit forecasts for the relevant entity and the indefinite period to carry forward NOLs. However, a material change in those estimates could lead management to reassess such valuation allowance conclusions.
At December 31, 2024, U.S. federal income taxes had not been provided on approximately $
5.0
billion of temporary differences associated with investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries that are essentially permanent in duration. If the Corporation were to record the associated deferred tax liability, the amount would be approximately $
1.0
billion.
NOTE 20
Fair Value Measurements
Under applicable accounting standards, fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market