from all business segments’ trading activities, which exclude credit valuation adjustment (CVA), DVA and the related hedges of these items. The majority of this portfolio is within the
Global Markets
segment.
Table 37 presents period-end, average, high and low daily trading VaR for the three months ended March 31, 2025, December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2024 using a 99 percent confidence level. The average of the trading portfolio VaR increased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the prior quarter due to increased credit risk and reduced diversification benefit across asset classes.
(1)
The high and low for each portfolio may have occurred on different trading days than the high and low for the components. Therefore the amount of portfolio diversification, which is the difference between the total portfolio and the sum of the individual components, is not relevant.
n/a = not applicable
The following graph  presents the  trading positions portfolio VaR for the previous five quarters, corresponding  to the data in Table 37.
Additional VaR statistics produced within our single VaR model are provided in Table 38 at the same level of detail as in Table 37. Evaluating VaR with additional statistics allows for an increased understanding of the risks in the portfolio, as the historical market data used in the VaR calculation does not necessarily follow a predefined statistical distribution. Table 38 presents average trading VaR statistics at 99 percent and 95 percent confidence levels for the three months ended March 31, 2025, December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2024.
Backtesting
The accuracy of the VaR methodology is evaluated by backtesting, which compares the daily VaR results, utilizing a one-day holding period, against a comparable subset of trading revenue. For more information on our backtesting process, see Trading Risk Management – Backtesting in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, there were no days where this subset of trading revenue had losses that exceeded our total covered portfolio VaR, utilizing a one-day holding period.
Total Trading-related Revenue
Total trading-related revenue, excluding brokerage fees, and CVA, DVA and funding valuation adjustment gains (losses), represents the total amount earned from trading positions, including  market-based  net interest income, which are taken in
a diverse range of financial instruments and markets. For more information, see Trading Risk Management – Total Trading-related Revenue in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The following histogram is a graphic depiction of trading volatility and  illustrates the daily level of trading-related revenue
for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the three months ended December 31, 2024. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, positive trading-related revenue was recorded for 100 percent of the trading days, of which 98 percent