1.17. The U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are also registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA). Pursuant to FINRA Rule 4110, FINRA may impose higher net capital requirements than Rule 15c3-1 under the Exchange Act with respect to each of the broker-dealers.
BofAS provides institutional services, and in accordance with the alternative  net capital requirements, is required to maintain
tentative net capital  in excess of  $5.0 billion and net capital in
excess of the greater of $1.0 billion or a certain percentage of its reserve requirement in addition to a certain percentage of securities-based swap risk margin. BofAS must also notify the SEC in the event its tentative net capital is less than $6.0 billion. BofAS is also required to hold a certain percentage of its customers' and affiliates' risk-based margin in order to meet its CFTC minimum net capital requirement. At March 31, 2025, BofAS had tentative net capital of $20.3 billion. BofAS also had regulatory net capital of $17.4 billion, which exceeded the minimum requirement of $4.5 billion.
MLPF&S provides retail services. At March 31, 2025, MLPF&S' regulatory net capital was $7.4 billion, which exceeded the minimum requirement of $158 million.
Our European broker-dealers are subject to requirements from U.S. and non-U.S. regulators. MLI, a U.K. investment firm, is regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority and is subject to certain regulatory capital requirements. At March 31, 2025, MLI’s capital resources were $33.6 billion, which exceeded the minimum Pillar 1 requirement of $12.5 billion.
BofASE, an authorized credit institution with its head office located in France, is regulated by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution and the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, and supervised under the Single Supervisory Mechanism by the European Central Bank. At March 31, 2025, BofASE's capital resources were $11.3 billion, which exceeded the minimum Pillar 1 requirement of $3.6 billion.
In addition, MLI and BofASE remained conditionally registered with the SEC as security-based swap dealers, and maintained net liquid assets at March 31, 2025 that exceeded the applicable minimum requirements under the Exchange Act. The entities are also registered as swap dealers with the CFTC and met applicable capital requirements at March 31, 2025.
Liquidity Risk
Funding and Liquidity Risk Management
Our primary liquidity risk management objective is to meet expected or unexpected cash flow and collateral requirements, including payments under long-term debt agreements, commitments to extend credit and customer deposit withdrawals, while continuing to support our businesses and customers under a range of economic conditions.
To achieve that objective, we analyze and monitor our liquidity risk under expected and stressed conditions, maintain liquidity and access to diverse funding sources, including our stable deposit base, and seek to