Federal Reserve Discount Window. The cash we could have obtained by borrowing against this pool of specifically-identified eligible assets was $328 billion and $312 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023. We have established operational procedures to enable us to borrow against these assets, including regularly monitoring our total pool of eligible loans and securities collateral. Eligibility is defined in guidelines from the FHLBs and the Federal Reserve and is subject to change at their discretion. Due to regulatory restrictions, liquidity generated by the bank subsidiaries can generally be used only to fund obligations within the bank subsidiaries, and transfers to the Parent or nonbank subsidiaries may be subject to prior regulatory approval.
Liquidity is also held in nonbank entities, including the Parent, NB Holdings and other regulated entities. The Parent and NB Holdings liquidity is typically in the form of cash deposited at BANA, which is excluded from the liquidity at bank subsidiaries, and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities. Liquidity held in other regulated entities, comprised primarily of broker-dealer subsidiaries, is primarily available to meet the obligations of that entity, and transfers to the Parent or to any other subsidiary may be subject to prior regulatory approval due to regulatory restrictions and minimum requirements. Our other regulated entities also hold unencumbered investment-grade securities and equities that we believe could be used to generate additional liquidity.
Table 16 presents the composition of average GLS for the three months ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Our GLS are substantially the same in composition to what qualifies as High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) under the final U.S. Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) rules. However, HQLA for purposes of calculating LCR is not reported at market value, but at a lower value that incorporates regulatory deductions and the exclusion of excess liquidity held at certain subsidiaries. The LCR is calculated as the amount of a financial institution’s unencumbered HQLA relative to the estimated net cash outflows the institution could encounter over a 30-day period of significant liquidity stress, expressed as a percentage. Our average consolidated HQLA, on a net basis, was $623 billion and $590 billion for the three months ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. For the same periods, the average consolidated LCR was 113 percent and 115 percent. Our LCR fluctuates due to normal business flows from customer activity.
Liquidity Stress Analysis
We utilize liquidity stress analysis to assist us in determining the appropriate amounts of liquidity to maintain at the Parent and our subsidiaries to meet contractual and contingent cash outflows under a range of scenarios. The scenarios we consider and utilize incorporate market-wide and Corporation-specific events, including potential credit rating downgrades for the Parent and our subsidiaries, and more severe events