recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses - Commercial and Consumer Card Loans
As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the allowance for loan and lease losses represents management’s estimate of the expected credit losses in the Corporation’s loan and lease portfolio, excluding loans and unfunded lending commitments accounted for under the fair value option. As of December 31, 2024, the allowance for loan and lease losses was $13.2 billion on total loans and leases of $1,091.6 billion, which excludes loans accounted for under the fair value option. For commercial and consumer card loans, the expected credit loss is typically estimated using quantitative methods that consider a variety of factors such as historical
loss experience, the current credit quality of the portfolio as well as an economic outlook over the life of the loan. In its loss forecasting framework, the Corporation incorporates forward looking information through the use of macroeconomic scenarios applied over the forecasted life of the assets. These macroeconomic scenarios include variables that have historically been key drivers of increases and decreases in credit losses. These variables include, but are not limited to, unemployment rates, real estate prices, gross domestic product levels and corporate bond spreads. The scenarios that are chosen and the weighting given to each