countercyclical buffer, which are reassessed at least annually. Also, we are subject to regulatory liquidity requirements, including the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and the Net Stable Funding Ratio. If any of our subsidiary insured depository institutions fail to maintain “well capitalized” status under the applicable regulatory capital rules, the Federal Reserve will require us to agree to bring the insured depository institution back to well-capitalized status, which may include restrictions on our activities, such as our ability to pay dividends and/or repurchase our common stock. If we were to fail to enter into or comply with such an agreement, the Federal Reserve may impose more severe restrictions on our activities, including requiring us to cease and desist activities otherwise permitted.
From time to time regulators may change regulatory capital requirements, including total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) and long-term debt requirements, change how regulatory capital or RWA is calculated, or increase liquidity requirements. These components of our capital and liquidity ratios could also be impacted by economic disruptions or other events that may cause an increase in our balance sheet, RWA or leverage exposures, which could increase the amounts of regulatory capital or liquidity we are required to hold.
In 2023, U.S. banking regulators issued notices of proposed rulemaking to revise the measurement of RWA and the G-SIB surcharge calculation, both of which may be re-proposed. Also, in 2023, U.S. banking regulators issued proposed changes to the long-term debt requirements for TLAC, which may impact eligibility of certain debt instruments, and in 2024, the Federal Reserve separately confirmed it is considering changes to existing, as well as new, liquidity requirements. The timing and composition of any such proposals or re-proposals remain uncertain due to various factors, including changes of leadership positions in the U.S. bank regulatory agencies.
Our ability to pay dividends or repurchase common stock depends, in part, on our ability to maintain regulatory capital levels above minimum requirements plus buffers. If increases occur in our SCB, G-SIB surcharge or countercyclical capital buffer, our dividends and common stock repurchases, could decrease. For example, in 2024, our SCB increased by 70 bps to 3.2 percent and our G-SIB surcharge increased 50 bps to 3.0 percent. Our G-SIB surcharge is expected to increase to 3.5 percent from 3.0 percent in 2027, and could further increase in the future. The Federal Reserve could also limit or prohibit capital actions (e.g., impacts to dividends and common stock repurchases) as a result of economic disruptions or events.
Extensive regulatory evaluation of our capital planning practices by the Federal Reserve includes stress testing on parts of our business using hypothetical economic scenarios prepared by the Federal Reserve. Those scenarios may affect our CCAR stress test results, which may