Our non-U.S. businesses are also subject to extensive regulation by various non-U.S. regulators, including governments, securities exchanges, prudential regulators, central banks and other regulatory bodies, in the jurisdictions in which those businesses operate. For example, our financial services entities are subject to regulation in the United Kingdom (U.K.) by the Prudential Regulatory Authority and Financial Conduct Authority, in Ireland by the European Central Bank (ECB) and the Central Bank of Ireland and in France by the ECB, Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution and Autorité des Marchés Financiers.
The Corporation is also subject to extensive LRRs in the U.S. and in the other jurisdictions in which it operates regarding bribery and corruption, know-your-customer requirements, anti-money laundering, embargo programs and economic sanctions. For example, we are subject to the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act (BSA), which contains anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws designed to detect and deter money laundering and the financing of terrorism, as well as record-keeping, reporting, due diligence and customer verification requirements, various sanctions programs administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) and foreign jurisdictions, which target entities or individuals that are, or are located in countries that are, involved in activities, such as terrorism, hostilities, drug trafficking or human rights violations and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and the U.K. Bribery Act, relating to corrupt and illegal payments to government officials and others. In 2024, federal regulators, including the Federal Reserve and the OCC, proposed amendments to update the requirements for supervised institutions to establish, implement and maintain effective, risk-based and reasonably designed anti-money laundering programs, including the identification, evaluation and documentation of money laundering risks.
Source of Strength
Under the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Financial Reform Act) and Federal Reserve policy, BHCs are expected to act as a source of financial strength to each subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support each such subsidiary. Similarly, under the cross-guarantee provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (FDICIA), in the event of a loss suffered or anticipated by the FDIC, either as a result of default of a bank subsidiary or related to FDIC assistance provided to such a subsidiary in danger of default, the affiliate banks of such a subsidiary may be assessed for the FDIC’s loss, subject to certain exceptions.
Transactions with Affiliates
Pursuant to Section 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, as implemented by the Federal Reserve’s Regulation W, the Banks are subject to restrictions that limit certain types of transactions between the Banks and their nonbank