federal and state laws, rules and regulations in the U.S. and the laws of the various jurisdictions in which we operate, including those related to financial crimes and anti-money laundering, market conduct, trading activities, fair lending, privacy, data protection, development and use of AI, and unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices.
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, people or external events, and includes legal risk. Operational risk may occur anywhere in the Corporation, including third-party business processes, and is not limited to operations functions. The Corporation faces a number of key operational risks including third-party risk, model risk, conduct risk, technology risk, information security risk and data risk. The pace of technological change, including in the field of AI, may heighten risks in those areas. Operational risk can result in financial losses   and   reputational   impacts   and   is  a  component  in
the calculation of total RWA used in the Basel 3 capital calculation. For more information on Basel 3 calculations, see Capital Management on page 48.
FLUs and control functions are first and foremost responsible for managing all aspects of their businesses, including their compliance and operational risk. FLUs and control functions are required to understand their business processes and related risks and controls, including third-party dependencies and the related regulatory requirements, and monitor and report on the effectiveness of the control environment. In order to actively monitor and assess the performance of their processes and controls, they must conduct comprehensive quality assurance activities and identify issues and risks to remediate control gaps and weaknesses. FLUs and control functions must also adhere to compliance and operational risk appetite limits to meet strategic, capital and financial planning objectives. Finally, FLUs and control functions are responsible for the proactive identification, management and escalation of compliance and operational risks across the Corporation. Collectively, these efforts are important to strengthen their compliance and operational resiliency, which is the ability to deliver critical operations through disruption. To address AI-related risks, we have implemented internal processes and governance frameworks. These measures help with regulatory compliance and responsible use of AI across our operations.
Global Compliance and Operational Risk teams independently assess compliance and operational risk, monitor business activities and processes and evaluate FLUs and control functions for adherence to applicable LRRs, including identifying issues and risks, and reporting on the state of the control environment. Corporate Audit provides an independent assessment and validation through testing of key compliance and operational risk processes and controls across the Corporation.
The Corporation's