The Parent is expected to continue to have access to the same flow of dividends, interest and other amounts of cash necessary to service its debt, pay dividends and perform other obligations as it would have had it not entered into these arrangements and transferred any assets. These arrangements support our preferred single point of entry resolution strategy, under which only the Parent would be resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.
In consideration for the transfer of assets, NB Holdings issued a subordinated note to the Parent in a principal amount equal to the value of the transferred assets. The aggregate principal amount of the note will increase by the amount of any future asset transfers. NB Holdings also provided the Parent with a committed line of credit that allows the Parent to draw funds necessary to service near-term cash needs. These arrangements support our preferred single point of entry resolution strategy, under which only the Parent would be resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. These arrangements include provisions to terminate the line of credit, forgive the subordinated note and require the Parent to transfer its remaining financial assets to NB Holdings if our projected liquidity resources deteriorate so severely that resolution of the Parent becomes imminent.
Global Liquidity Sources and Other Unencumbered Assets
We maintain liquidity available to the Corporation, including the Parent and selected subsidiaries, in the form of cash and high- quality, liquid, unencumbered securities. Our liquidity buffer,
referred to as Global Liquidity Sources (GLS), is comprised of assets that are readily available to the Parent and selected subsidiaries, including holding company, bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries, even during stressed market conditions. Our cash is primarily on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank and, to a lesser extent, central banks outside of the U.S. We limit the composition of high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities to U.S. government securities, U.S. agency securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities and other investment-grade securities, and a select group of non-U.S. government securities. We can obtain cash for these securities, even in stressed conditions, through repurchase agreements or outright sales. We hold our GLS in legal entities that allow us to meet the liquidity requirements of our global businesses, and we consider the impact of potential regulatory, tax, legal and other restrictions that could limit the transferability of funds among entities.
Table 15 presents average GLS for the three months ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(1)
Nonbank includes Parent, NB Holdings and other regulated entities.
Our bank subsidiaries’ liquidity is primarily driven by deposit and lending activity, as well as securities valuation and net debt activity. Bank subsidiaries can also generate incremental liquidity by pledging a range of unencumbered loans and securities to certain FHLBs and the