Global Compliance – Enterprise Policy and Operational Risk Management – Enterprise Policy set the requirements for reporting compliance and operational risk information to executive management as well as the Board or appropriate Board-level committees and reflect Global Compliance and Operational Risk’s responsibilities for conducting independent oversight of the Corporation’s compliance and operational risk management activities. The Board provides oversight of compliance risk through its Audit Committee and the ERC, and operational risk through its ERC.
Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy
Cybersecurity is a key operational risk facing the Corporation. We, our employees, customers, regulators and third parties are ongoing targets of an increasing number of cybersecurity threats and cyberattacks and, accordingly, the Corporation devotes considerable resources to the establishment and maintenance of processes for assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risk through its global workforce and 24/7 cyber operations centers around the world.
The Corporation takes a cross-functional approach to addressing cybersecurity risk, with our Global Technology, Global Risk Management, Legal and Corporate Audit functions playing key roles. In addition, the Corporation’s processes related to cybersecurity risk are an element of and integrated with the Corporation’s comprehensive risk program, including our risk framework.
For more information on the Corporation’s Cybersecurity risk, see Item 1A. Risk Factors – Business Operations  beginning on page 14. For  more
information on our approach to risk management, including our risk management governance framework, see Managing Risk on page 45.
As part of the Corporation’s overall risk management program, the Corporation’s Global Information Security (GIS) Program is supported by three lines of defense. As the first line of defense, the GIS team is responsible for the day-to-day management of the GIS Program, which includes defining policies and procedures designed to safeguard the Corporation’s information systems and the information those systems collect, process, maintain, use, share, disseminate and dispose of. As the second line of defense, Global Compliance and Operational Risk independently assesses, monitors and tests cybersecurity risk across the Corporation, as well as the effectiveness of the GIS Program. As the third line of defense, Corporate Audit conducts additional independent review and validation of the first-line and second-line processes and functions.
The Corporation seeks to mitigate cybersecurity risk and associated legal, financial, reputational, operational and/or regulatory risks by employing a multi-faceted GIS Program, through various policies and procedures, that are focused on governing, preparing for, identifying, preventing, detecting, mitigating, responding to and recovering from cybersecurity threats and incidents suffered by the Corporation and its third-party service