on Form 10-K
.
Within the Consumer Real Estate portfolio segment, the primary credit quality indicators are refreshed loan-to-value (LTV) and refreshed Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) score. Refreshed LTV measures the carrying value of the loan as a percentage of the value of the property securing the loan, refreshed quarterly. Home equity loans are evaluated using combined loan-to-value (CLTV), which measures the carrying value of the Corporation’s loan and available line of credit combined with any outstanding senior liens against the property as a percentage of the value of the property securing the loan, refreshed quarterly. FICO score measures the creditworthiness of the borrower based on the financial obligations of the borrower and the borrower’s credit history. FICO scores are typically refreshed quarterly or more frequently. Certain borrowers (e.g., borrowers that have had debts discharged in a
bankruptcy proceeding) may not have their FICO scores updated. FICO scores are also a primary credit quality indicator for the Credit Card and Other Consumer portfolio segment and the business card portfolio within U.S. small business commercial. Within the Commercial portfolio segment, loans are evaluated using the internal classifications of pass rated or reservable criticized as the primary credit quality indicators. The term reservable criticized refers to those commercial loans that are internally classified or listed by the Corporation as Special Mention, Substandard or Doubtful, which are asset quality categories defined by regulatory authorities. These assets have an elevated level of risk and may have a high probability of default or total loss. Pass rated refers to all loans not considered reservable criticized. In addition to these primary credit quality indicators, the Corporation uses other credit quality indicators for certain types of loans.
The following tables present certain credit quality indicators and gross charge-offs for the Corporation's Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and Commercial portfolio segments by year of origination, except for revolving loans and revolving loans that were modified into term loans, which are shown on an aggregate basis at March 31, 2025.
(1)
Includes reverse mortgages of $
488
million and home equity loans of $
276
million, which are no longer originated.
(1)
Represents loans that were modified into term loans.
(2)
Other internal credit metrics may include delinquency status, geography or other factors.
(3)
Direct/indirect consumer includes $
52.1
billion of securities-based lending, which is typically supported by highly liquid collateral with market value greater than or equal to the outstanding loan balance and therefore has minimal credit risk at March 31, 2025.
(1)
Excludes $
5.2
billion of loans accounted for under the fair value option at March 31, 2025.
(2)
Excludes U.S. Small Business Card loans of $
11.0
billion. Refreshed FICO scores for this portfolio are $
740