exposures. For more information on derivatives and credit extension commitments, see
Note 3 – Derivatives and Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies
to the Consolidated Financial Statements
.
We manage credit risk based on the risk profile of the borrower or counterparty, repayment sources, the nature of underlying collateral and other support given current events, conditions and expectations. We classify our portfolios as either consumer or commercial and monitor credit risk in each as discussed below.
We refine our underwriting and credit risk management practices as well as credit standards to meet the changing economic environment. To mitigate losses and enhance customer support in our consumer businesses, we have in place collection programs and loan modification and customer assistance infrastructures. We utilize a number of actions to mitigate losses in the commercial businesses including increasing the frequency and intensity of portfolio monitoring, hedging activity and our practice of transferring management of deteriorating commercial exposures to independent special asset officers as credits enter criticized categories.
For information on our credit risk management activities, see the following: Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management on page 59, Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management on page 63, Non-U.S. Portfolio on page 69, Allowance for Credit Losses on page 72 and
Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For information on the Corporation’s loan modification programs, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles
and
Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For more information on the Corporation’s credit risks, see the Credit section within Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
During 2024, our net charge-off ratio increased primarily driven by credit card loans and the commercial real estate office portfolio. Commercial reservable criticized exposure increased compared to December 31, 2023 driven by an increase across a broad range of industries. Nonperforming loans also increased compared to December 31, 2023 primarily driven by the U.S. commercial portfolio. Uncertainty remains regarding broader economic impacts due to higher costs associated with inflationary pressures experienced over the past several years, elevated rates as well as the current geopolitical environment, and could lead to adverse impacts to credit quality metrics in future periods.
Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management
Credit risk management for the consumer portfolio begins with initial underwriting and continues throughout a borrower’s credit cycle. Statistical techniques in conjunction with experiential judgment are used in all aspects of portfolio management including underwriting, product pricing, risk appetite, setting credit limits, and establishing operating