Subsidiary Issuers and Parent Guarantor
BofA Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (BofA Finance), is a consolidated finance subsidiary of the Corporation that has issued and sold, and is expected to continue to issue and sell, its senior unsecured debt securities (Guaranteed Notes) that are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Corporation. The Corporation guarantees the due and punctual payment, on demand, of amounts payable on the Guaranteed Notes if not paid by BofA Finance. In addition, each of BAC Capital Trust XIII, BAC Capital Trust XIV and BAC Capital Trust XV, Delaware statutory trusts (collectively, the Trusts) is a 100 percent owned finance subsidiary of the Corporation that has issued and sold trust preferred securities (the Trust Preferred Securities) or capital securities (the Capital Securities and, together with the Guaranteed Notes and the Trust Preferred Securities, the Guaranteed Securities), as applicable, that remained outstanding at March 31, 2025
.
The Corporation has fully and unconditionally guaranteed (or effectively provided for the full and unconditional guarantee of) all such securities issued by such finance subsidiaries. For more information regarding such guarantees by the Corporation, see Liquidity Risk – Finance Subsidiary Issuers and Parent Guarantor in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Representations and Warranties Obligations
For information on representations and warranties obligations in connection with the sale of mortgage loans, see
Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Credit Risk Management
For information on our credit risk management activities, see the following: Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management on page 24, Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management on page 29, Non-U.S. Portfolio on page 35, Allowance for Credit Losses on page 36,
Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses
to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and Credit Risk Management in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. For more information on the Corporation’s credit risks, see the Credit section within Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. For more information on the Corporation’s economic and geopolitical risks, see the Geopolitical section within Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, our net charge-off ratio decreased compared to the same period in 2024 primarily driven by lower commercial real estate office
charge-offs. Commercial reservable criticized exposure increased compared to December 31, 2024 driven by commercial real estate due to the sustained high interest rate environment. Nonperforming loans remained relatively unchanged compared to December 31, 2024. Uncertainty remains regarding broader economic