primarily consists of ALM activities, liquidating businesses and certain expenses not otherwise allocated to a business segment. ALM activities encompass interest rate and foreign currency risk management activities for which substantially all of the results are allocated to the business segments.
All Other
includes income tax benefit adjustments to eliminate the FTE treatment of certain tax credits recorded in
Global Banking
and
Global Markets
.
Basis of Presentation
The management accounting and reporting process derives segment and business results by utilizing allocation methodologies for revenue and expense. The net income derived for the businesses is dependent upon revenue and cost allocations using an activity-based costing model, funds transfer pricing, and other methodologies and assumptions management believes are appropriate to reflect the results of the business.
Total revenue, net of interest expense, includes net interest income on an FTE basis and noninterest income. The adjustment of net interest income to an FTE basis results in a corresponding  increase in  income  tax  expense.  The segment
results also reflect certain revenue and expense methodologies that are utilized to determine net income. The net interest income of the businesses includes the results of a funds transfer pricing process that matches assets and liabilities with similar interest rate sensitivity and maturity characteristics. In segments where the total of liabilities and equity exceeds assets, which are generally deposit-taking segments, the Corporation allocates assets to match liabilities. Net interest income of the business segments also includes an allocation of net interest income generated by certain of the Corporation’s ALM activities.
The Corporation’s ALM activities include an overall interest rate risk management strategy that incorporates the use of various derivatives and cash instruments to manage fluctuations in earnings and capital that are caused by interest rate volatility. The Corporation’s goal is to manage interest rate sensitivity so that movements in interest rates do not significantly adversely affect earnings and capital. The results of a majority of the Corporation’s ALM activities are allocated to the business segments and fluctuate based on the performance of the ALM activities. ALM activities include external product pricing decisions including deposit pricing strategies, the effects of the Corporation’s internal funds transfer pricing process and the net effects of other ALM activities.
The segment noninterest expenses consist of the same expenses as those shown in the Consolidated Statement of Income and contain both direct expenses and certain expenses not directly attributable to a specific business segment, including indirect compensation and benefits expenses, that are allocated to the segments. The costs of certain centralized or shared functions are allocated based on methodologies that reflect utilization.
The following