financial institutions and customers, including for losses incurred from the use of our products and services, including electronic payments and payment of checks, that were authorized by the customer but induced by fraud; the impact of failures or disruptions in or breaches of the Corporation’s operations or information systems, or those of third parties, including as a result of cybersecurity incidents; the risks related to the development, implementation, use and management of emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence and machine learning; the risks related to the transition and physical impacts of climate change; our ability to achieve environmental goals and targets or the impact of any changes in the Corporation’s sustainability strategy, goals or targets; the impact of uncertain or changing political conditions or any future federal government shutdown and uncertainty regarding the federal government’s debt limit or changes in fiscal, monetary or regulatory policy; the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics; the impact of natural disasters, extreme weather events, military conflicts (including the Russia/Ukraine conflict, the conflicts in the Middle East, the possible expansion of such conflicts and potential geopolitical consequences), terrorism or other geopolitical events; and other matters.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements referred to in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) are incorporated by reference into the MD&A. Certain prior-year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current-year presentation. Throughout
the MD&A, the Corporation uses certain acronyms and abbreviations which are defined in the Glossary.
Executive Summary
Business Overview
The Corporation is a Delaware corporation, a bank holding company (BHC) and a financial holding company. When used in this report, “Bank of America,” “the Corporation,” “we,” “us” and “our” may refer to Bank of America Corporation individually, Bank of America Corporation and its subsidiaries, or certain of Bank of America Corporation’s subsidiaries or affiliates. Our principal executive offices are located in Charlotte, North Carolina. Through our various bank and nonbank subsidiaries throughout the U.S. and in international markets, we provide a diversified range of banking and nonbank financial services and products through four business segments:
Consumer Banking
,
Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM)
,
Global Banking
and
Global Markets
, with the remaining operations recorded in
All Other
. We operate our banking activities primarily under the Bank of America, National Association (Bank of America, N.A. or