increases in Trading companies and distributors, Machinery, and Construction and engineering, partially offset by a decrease in Industrial conglomerates.
Various macroeconomic challenges, including geopolitical tensions, higher costs associated with inflationary pressures experienced over the past several years and elevated interest rates, have led to uncertainty in the U.S. and global economies and have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, a number of industries. We continue to monitor all industries, particularly higher risk industries that are experiencing or could experience a more significant impact to their financial condition.
(1)
Includes U.S. small business commercial exposure.
(2)
Includes the notional amount of unfunded legally binding lending commitments, net of amounts distributed (i.e., syndicated or participated) to other financial institutions. The distributed amounts were $10.4 billion and $10.3 billion at both December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(3)
Industries are viewed from a variety of perspectives to best isolate the perceived risks. For purposes of this table, the real estate industry is defined based on the primary business activity of the borrowers or counterparties using operating cash flows and primary source of repayment as key factors.
Risk Mitigation
We purchase credit protection to cover the funded portion as well as the unfunded portion of certain credit exposures. To lower the cost of obtaining our desired credit protection levels, we may add credit exposure within an industry, borrower or counterparty group by selling protection.
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, net notional credit default protection purchased in our credit derivatives portfolio to hedge our funded and unfunded exposures for which we elected the fair value option, as well as certain other credit exposures, was $10.4 billion and $10.9 billion. We recorded net losses of $87 million in 2024 compared to net losses $185 million in 2023. The gains and losses on these instruments were largely offset by gains and losses on the related exposures. The Value-at-Risk (VaR) results for these exposures are included in the fair value option portfolio information in Table 41. For more information, see Trading Risk Management on page 75.
Tables 35 and 36 present the maturity profiles and the credit exposure debt ratings of the net credit default protection portfolio at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(1)
Represents net credit default protection purchased.
(2)
Ratings are refreshed on a quarterly basis.
(3)
Ratings of BBB- or higher are considered to meet the definition of investment grade.
(4)
NR is comprised of index positions held and any names that have not been rated.
In addition to our net notional credit default protection purchased to cover the funded and unfunded portion of certain credit exposures, credit derivatives are used for market-making activities for clients and establishing positions intended to profit from directional or relative value