platforms with approximately 48 million active users, including approximately 40 million active mobile users
.
Consumer Banking Results
Net income for
Consumer Banking
decreased $834 million
to
$10.8 billion primarily due to higher noninterest expense and lower revenue, partially offset by lower provision for credit losses. Net interest income decreased $611 million to $33.1 billion primarily driven by lower deposit balances, partially offset by higher loan balances. Noninterest income increased $16 million to $8.4 billion, relatively unchanged from the same period a year ago.
The provision for credit losses decreased $171 million to $5.0 billion primarily driven by lower overdraft losses from fraud activity. Noninterest expense increased
$688 million
to
$22.1 billion primarily driven by investments in the business, including
operations, technology and people.
The return on average allocated capital was
25 percent
, down from
28 percent
, due to
an increase in allocated capital and lower net income
.
For information on capital allocated to the business segments, see Business Segment Operations on page 35.
Deposits
Deposits includes the results of consumer deposit activities that consist of a comprehensive range of products provided to consumers and small businesses. Our deposit products include noninterest- and interest-bearing checking accounts, money market savings accounts, traditional savings accounts, CDs and IRAs, as well as investment accounts and products. Net interest income is allocated to deposit products using our funds transfer pricing process that matches assets and liabilities with similar interest rate sensitivity and maturity characteristics. Deposits generates fees such as account service fees, non-sufficient funds fees, overdraft charges and ATM fees, as well as investment and brokerage fees from Consumer Investment accounts. Consumer Investments serves investment client relationships through the Merrill Edge integrated investing and banking service platform, providing investment advice and guidance, client brokerage asset services, self-directed online investing and key banking capabilities including access to the Corporation’s network of financial centers and ATMs.
Net income
for
Deposits decreased
$1.2 billion to $7.5 billion
primarily due to lower revenue and higher noninterest
expense, partially offset by lower provision for credit losses. Net interest income decreased
$1.3 billion
to
$21.2 billion
primarily driven by lower deposit balances
. Noninterest income was
$2.8 billion, relatively unchanged from the same period a year ago
.
The provision for credit losses decreased
$188 million to
$303 million
primarily driven by lower overdraft losses from fraud activity.
Noninterest expense increased $349 million to $13.7 billion
primarily driven by investments in the business, including people, technology and operations.
Average deposits decreased
$47.0 billion
to
$940.7 billion
primarily due to net outflows of $54.6 billion in