amplify credit risks through the financial impacts of changes in policy, technology or the market on the Corporation or our counterparties. Unanticipated market changes can lead to sudden price adjustments and give rise to heightened market risk.
Our approach to managing climate risk is consistent with our risk management governance structure, from senior management to our Board and its committees, including the ERC and the Corporate Governance, ESG and Sustainability Committee (CGESC) of the Board, which regularly discuss climate-related  topics.  The  ERC  oversees  climate  risk as set
forth in our Risk Framework and Risk Appetite Statement. The CGESC is responsible for overseeing the Corporation’s environmental and sustainability-related activities and practices, and regularly reviews the Corporation’s climate-related policies and practices.
Our Climate Risk Council consists of leaders across risk, FLU and control functions, and meets routinely to discuss our approach to managing climate-related risks. Our climate risk management efforts are overseen by an officer who reports to the CRO. The Corporation has a Climate and Environmental Risk Management function that is responsible for overseeing climate risk management. They are responsible for establishing the Climate Risk Framework (described below) and governance structure, and providing an independent assessment of enterprise-wide climate risks.
Based on the Corporation’s Risk Framework, we created our internal Climate Risk Framework, which addresses various global climate-related laws, rules, regulations and guidance.  The framework describes how the Corporation identifies, measures, monitors and controls climate risk by enhancing existing risk management processes, includes examples of how climate risk manifests across the seven risk types, and details the roles and responsibilities for climate risk management across our three lines of defense (i.e., FLUs, Global Risk Management and Corporate Audit).
For more information on our governance framework, see Managing Risk on page 45. For more information on climate risk, see Item 1A. Risk Factors on page 8. For more information on climate- and sustainability-related matters and their importance in supporting our customers and clients, see the Corporation’s website, including its 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America document. The contents of the Corporation’s website, including the 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America document, are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Complex Accounting Estimates
Our significant accounting principles, as described in
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles
to the Consolidated Financial Statements, are essential in understanding the MD&A. Many of our significant accounting principles require complex judgments to estimate the values of assets and liabilities. We have procedures and processes in place to facilitate making these judgments.
The more judgmental