adjustments recorded on long-term debt hedges decreased the long-term debt carrying value by $
12.9
billion and $
11.2
billion. The fair value adjustments from de-designated available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities hedges decreased the AFS debt securities carrying value by $
3.8
billion and $
4.4
billion. The fair value adjustments are being amortized or accreted into interest over the contractual lives of the assets or liabilities.
Cash Flow and Net Investment Hedges
The table below summarizes certain information related to cash flow hedges and net investment hedges for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.  Of the  $
4.3
billion  after-tax
net loss ($
5.7
billion pretax) on derivatives in accumulated OCI at March 31, 2025, losses of $
2.4
billion after-tax ($
3.2
billion pretax) related to both open and closed cash flow hedges are expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months. These net losses reclassified into earnings are expected to primarily decrease net interest income related to the respective hedged items. For open cash flow hedges, the maximum length of time over which forecasted transactions are hedged is approximately
five years
. For terminated cash flow hedges, the time period over which the forecasted transactions will be recognized in interest income is approximately
four years
, with the aggregated amount beyond this time period being insignificant.
(1)
Amounts reclassified from accumulated OCI are recorded in interest income in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
(2)
Amounts reclassified from accumulated OCI are recorded in compensation and benefits expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
(3)
Amounts reclassified from accumulated OCI are recorded in other income in the Consolidated Statement of Income. For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, amounts excluded from effectiveness testing and recognized in market making and similar activities were gains of $
2
million and $
66
million.
Other Risk Management Derivatives
Other risk management derivatives are used by the Corporation to reduce certain risk exposures by economically hedging various assets and liabilities.
The table below presents gains (losses) on these derivatives for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. These gains (losses) are largely offset by the income or expense recorded on the hedged item.
(1)
Includes hedges of interest rate risk on mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) and interest rate lock commitments (IRLCs) to originate mortgage loans that will be held for sale.
(2)
Gains (losses) on these derivatives are recorded in other income.
(3)
Gains (losses) on these derivatives are recorded in market making and similar activities.
(4)
Gains (losses) on these derivatives are recorded in compensation and benefits expense.
Transfers of Financial Assets with Risk Retained through Derivatives
The Corporation enters into certain transactions involving the transfer of financial assets that are accounted for as sales