required to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs in measuring fair value. We classify fair value measurements of financial instruments and MSRs based on the three-level fair value hierarchy in the accounting standards.
The fair values of assets and liabilities may include adjustments, such as market liquidity and credit quality, where appropriate. Valuations of products using models or other techniques are sensitive to assumptions used for the significant inputs. Where market data is available, the inputs used for valuation reflect that information as of our valuation date. Inputs to valuation models are considered unobservable if they are supported by little or no market activity. In periods of extreme volatility, lessened liquidity or in illiquid markets, there may be more variability in market pricing or a lack of market data to use in the valuation process. In keeping with the prudent application of estimates and management judgment in determining the fair value of assets and liabilities, we have in place various processes and controls that include: a model validation policy that requires review and approval of quantitative models used for deal pricing, financial statement fair value determination and risk quantification; a trading product valuation policy that requires verification of all traded product valuations; and a periodic review and substantiation of daily profit and loss reporting for all traded products. Primarily through validation controls, we utilize both broker and pricing service inputs which can and do include both market-observable and internally-modeled values and/or valuation inputs. Our reliance on this information is affected by our understanding of how the broker and/or pricing service develops its data with a higher degree of reliance applied to those that are more directly observable and lesser reliance applied to those developed through their own
internal modeling. For example, broker quotes in less active markets may only be indicative and therefore less reliable. These processes and controls are performed independently of the business. For more information, see
Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements
and
Note 21 – Fair Value Option
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Level 3 Assets and Liabilities
Financial assets and liabilities, and MSRs, where values are based on valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and are significant to the overall fair value measurement are classified as Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy established in applicable accounting standards. The fair value of these Level 3 financial assets and liabilities and MSRs is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation.
Level 3 financial instruments may be hedged with derivatives classified as Level 1 or 2; therefore, gains or losses