the fair value option is more representative of the ongoing operations and credit quality of the business. As a result, in the following tables and discussions of the residential mortgage and home equity portfolios, we exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option and provide information that excludes the impact of the fully-insured loan portfolio in certain credit quality statistics.
Residential Mortgage
The residential mortgage portfolio made up the largest percentage of our consumer loan portfolio at 49 percent of consumer loans and leases in 2024. Approximately 50 percent of the residential mortgage portfolio was in
Consumer Banking,
47 percent was in
GWIM
and the remaining portion was in
All Other
.
Outstanding balances in the residential mortgage portfolio decreased $204 million in 2024, as paydowns and payoffs outpaced new originations.
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the residential mortgage portfolio included $9.9 billion and $11.0 billion of outstanding fully-insured loans, of which $2.0 billion and $2.2 billion had FHA insurance, with the remainder protected by Fannie Mae long-term standby agreements.
Table 21 presents certain residential mortgage key credit statistics on both a reported basis and excluding the fully-insured loan portfolio. The following discussion presents the residential mortgage portfolio excluding the fully-insured loan portfolio.
(1)
Outstandings, accruing past due, nonperforming loans and percentages of portfolio exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option.
(2)
Includes loans that are contractually current that have not yet demonstrated a sustained period of payment performance following a modification.
Nonperforming outstanding balances in the residential mortgage portfolio remained relatively unchanged in 2024. Of the nonperforming residential mortgage loans at December 31, 2024, $1.2 billion, or 61 percent, were current on contractual payments. Excluding fully-insured loans, loans accruing past due 30 days or more of $1.0 billion also remained relatively unchanged.
Of the $218.3 billion in total residential mortgage loans outstanding at December 31, 2024, $64.0 billion, or 29 percent, of loans were originated as interest-only. The outstanding balance of interest-only residential mortgage loans that had entered the amortization period was $3.6 billion, or six percent, at December 31, 2024. Residential mortgage loans that have entered the amortization period generally experience a higher rate of early stage delinquencies and nonperforming status compared to the residential mortgage portfolio as a whole. At December 31, 2024, $65 million, or two percent, of outstanding interest-only residential mortgages that had entered the amortization period were accruing past due 30 days or more compared to $1.0 billion, or less than one percent, for the
entire residential mortgage portfolio. In addition, at December 31, 2024, $209 million, or six percent, of outstanding interest-only residential mortgage