G-SIB such as Bank of America Corporation is in default or danger of default, the FDIC may be appointed receiver to conduct an orderly liquidation, and could, among other things, invoke the orderly liquidation authority, instead of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, if the Secretary of the Treasury makes certain
financial distress and systemic risk determinations. Also, the FDIC could replace Bank of America Corporation with a bridge holding company, which could continue operations and result in an orderly resolution of the underlying bank, but whose equity would be held solely for the benefit of our creditors. The FDIC’s “single point of entry” strategy may result in our security holders suffering greater losses than would have been the case under a bankruptcy proceeding or a different resolution strategy.
If the Corporation is resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or the FDIC’s orderly liquidation authority, third-party creditors of our subsidiaries may receive significant or full recoveries on their claims, while security holders of Bank of America Corporation could face significant or complete losses.
Credit
Economic or market disruptions and insufficient credit loss reserves may result in a higher provision for credit losses.
A number of our products expose us to credit risk, including loans, letters of credit, derivatives, debt securities, trading account assets and assets held-for-sale. Deterioration in the financial condition of our consumer and commercial borrowers, counterparties or underlying collateral could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
Our credit portfolios may be impacted by U.S. and global macroeconomic and market conditions, events and disruptions, including declines in GDP, consumer spending or property values, asset price corrections, increasing consumer and corporate leverage, increases in corporate bond spreads, government shutdowns or policies such as tax changes, changes in international trade policy including tariff rates, rising or elevated unemployment levels, elevated inflation or cost of living expenses, fluctuations in foreign exchange or interest rates, as well as the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, extreme weather events and the impacts of climate change, including acute and/or chronic extreme weather events and efforts to transition to a low-carbon economy. Significant economic or market stresses and disruptions typically have a negative impact on the business environment and financial markets, which could impact the underlying credit quality of our borrowers, counterparties and assets. Property value declines or asset price corrections could increase the risk of borrowers or counterparties defaulting or becoming delinquent in their obligations to us, and could decrease the value of the collateral we hold, which could increase credit losses. Credit risk could also be magnified by lending to leveraged borrowers or declining asset prices, including property or