money market savings and $20.6 billion in checking, partially offset by growth in time deposits of $37.2 billion.
The table below provides key performance indicators for Deposits. Management uses these metrics, and we believe they are useful to investors because they provide additional information to evaluate our deposit profitability and digital/mobile trends.
(1)
Includes deposits held in Consumer Lending.
(2)
Includes client brokerage assets, deposit sweep balances, Bank of America, N.A. brokered CDs and AUM in
Consumer Banking
.
(3)
Represents mobile and/or online active users over the past 90 days.
(4)
Represents mobile active users over the past 90 days.
Consumer investment assets increased $93.4 billion to $517.8 billion driven by market performance and positive net client flows. Active mobile banking users increased approximately two million, reflecting client growth and continuing changes in our clients’ banking preferences. We had a net decrease of 145 financial centers and 275 ATMs as we continued to optimize our consumer banking network.
Consumer Lending
Consumer Lending offers products to consumers and small businesses across the U.S. The products offered include debit and credit cards, residential mortgages and home equity loans, and direct and indirect loans such as automotive, recreational vehicle and consumer personal loans. In addition to earning net interest spread revenue on its lending activities, Consumer Lending generates interchange revenue from debit and credit  card transactions, late fees, cash advance fees, annual credit card fees, mortgage banking fee income and other miscellaneous fees. Consumer Lending products are available to our customers through our retail network, direct telephone, and online and mobile channels. Consumer Lending results also include the impact of servicing residential mortgages and home equity loans, including loans held on the balance sheet of Consumer Lending and loans serviced for others.
Net
income for Consumer Lending increased
$334 million
to $3.2 billion primarily driven by higher revenue, partially offset by higher noninterest expense
. Net interest income increased
$717 million to $11.9 billion
primarily due to the impact of higher loan balances. Noninterest income increased
$85 million to $5.5 billion, primarily driven by higher card income
.
The provision for credit losses was
$4.7 billion, relatively unchanged from the same period a year ago
. Noninterest expense increased
$339 million
to
$8.4 billion primarily driven by investments in the business, including operations, technology and people.
Average loans increased
$4.9 billion
to
$309.5 billion
primarily driven by increases in credit card, small business and consumer vehicle loans.
The following table provides key performance indicators for Consumer Lending. Management uses these metrics, and we believe they are useful to investors because they provide additional information about loan growth and profitability.
(1)
Includes