information, see
Note 21 – Fair Value Option
. The following disclosures include financial instruments that are not carried at
fair value or only a portion of the ending balance is carried at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Short-term Financial Instruments
The carrying value of short-term financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, certain time deposits placed and other short-term investments, federal funds sold and purchased,
certain resale and repurchase agreements and short-term borrowings, approximates the fair value of these instruments. These financial instruments generally expose the Corporation to limited credit risk and have no stated maturities or have short-term maturities and carry interest rates that approximate market. The Corporation accounts for certain resale and repurchase agreements under the fair value option.
Under the fair value hierarchy, cash and cash equivalents are classified as Level 1. Time deposits placed and other short-term investments, such as U.S. government securities and short-term commercial paper, are classified as Level 1 or Level 2. Federal funds sold and purchased are classified as Level 2. Resale and repurchase agreements are classified as Level 2 because they are generally short-dated and/or variable-rate instruments collateralized by U.S. government or agency securities. Short-term borrowings are generally classified as Level 2.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The carrying values and fair values by fair value hierarchy of certain financial instruments where only a portion of the ending balance was carried at fair value at December 31, 2024 and 2023 are presented in the table below.
(1)
Includes demand deposits of $
892.9
billion and $
897.3
billion with
no
stated maturities at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(2)
The carrying value of commercial unfunded lending commitments is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Corporation does not estimate the fair value of consumer unfunded lending commitments because, in many instances, the Corporation can reduce or cancel these commitments by providing notice to the borrower. For more information on commitments, see
Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies
.
NOTE 23
Business Segment Information
The Corporation reports its results of operations through the following
four
business segments:
Consumer Banking
,
Global Wealth & Investment Management,
Global Banking
and
Global Markets
, with the remaining operations recorded in
All Other
. The segments are managed by the Corporation’s Management Team, with certain leaders responsible for each segment and/or the lines of business supporting the segments. On a continual basis, the Management Team assesses the performance of the segments by comparing the segments’ budgeted income and expenses to their actual results. The Chief Operating Decision Maker of the segments, which is the Corporation’s CEO, is the final approver on the amount of