appetite, conducting daily reviews and analysis of trading inventory, approving material risk exposures and fulfilling regulatory requirements. Market risks that impact businesses outside of
Global Markets
are monitored and governed by their respective governance functions.
Model risk is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports. Given that models are used across the Corporation, model risk impacts all risk types including credit, market and operational risks. The Enterprise Model Risk Policy defines model risk standards, consistent with our Risk Framework and risk appetite, prevailing regulatory guidance and industry best practice. All models, including risk management, valuation and regulatory capital models, must meet certain validation criteria, including effective challenge of the conceptual soundness of the model, independent model testing and ongoing monitoring through outcomes analysis and benchmarking. The Enterprise Model Risk Committee, a subcommittee of the MRC, oversees that model standards are consistent with model risk requirements and monitors the effective challenge in the model validation process across the Corporation.
Interest Rate Risk
Interest rate risk represents exposures to instruments whose values vary with the level or volatility of interest rates. These instruments include, but are not limited to, loans, debt securities, certain trading-related assets and liabilities, deposits, borrowings and derivatives. Hedging instruments used to mitigate these risks include derivatives such as options, futures, forwards and swaps.
Foreign Exchange Risk
Foreign exchange risk represents exposures to changes in the values of current holdings and future cash flows denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The types of instruments exposed to this risk include investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries, foreign currency-denominated loans and securities, future cash flows in foreign currencies arising from foreign exchange transactions, foreign currency-denominated debt and various foreign exchange derivatives whose values fluctuate with changes in the level or volatility of currency exchange rates or non-U.S. interest rates. Hedging instruments used to mitigate this risk include foreign exchange options, currency swaps, futures, forwards, and foreign currency-denominated debt and deposits.
Mortgage Risk
Mortgage risk represents exposures to changes in the values of mortgage-related instruments. The values of these instruments are sensitive to prepayment rates, mortgage rates, agency debt ratings, default, market liquidity, government participation and interest rate volatility. Our exposure to these instruments takes several forms. For example, we trade and engage in market-making activities in a variety of mortgage securities including whole loans, pass-through certificates, commercial mortgages and collateralized mortgage obligations including collateralized debt