to grow at
1.4
percent and
1.8
percent year-over-year in the fourth quarters of 2025 and 2026.
The allowance for credit losses decreased $
215
million from December 31, 2023 to $
14.3
billion at December 31, 2024. The change in the allowance for credit losses was comprised of a net decrease of $
102
million in the allowance for loan and lease losses and a decrease of $
113
million in the reserve for unfunded lending commitments. The decline in the allowance for credit losses was attributed to decreases in the commercial portfolio of $
240
million and the consumer real estate portfolio of $
118
million, partially offset by an increase in the credit card and other consumer portfolios of $
143
million. The provision for credit losses increased $
1.4
billion to $
5.8
billion in 2024 compared to $
4.4
billion in 2023 and $
2.5
billion in 2022. The increase in provision for credit losses in 2024 was primarily driven by credit card as well as small business loan growth, and asset quality deterioration in the commercial real estate office and credit card portfolios. The increase in provision for credit losses in 2023 was driven by the Corporation’s consumer portfolio primarily due to credit card loan growth and asset quality deterioration, partially offset by improved macroeconomic conditions that primarily benefited the Corporation’s commercial portfolio.
Outstanding loans and leases excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option increased $
41.4
billion in 2024 primarily driven by commercial, which increased $
36.4
billion due to broad-based growth.
The changes in the allowance for credit losses, including net charge-offs and provision for loan and lease losses, are detailed in the following table.
NOTE 6
Securitizations and Other Variable Interest Entities
The Corporation utilizes VIEs in the ordinary course of business to support its own and its customers’ financing and investing needs. The Corporation routinely securitizes loans and debt securities using VIEs as a source of funding for the Corporation and as a means of transferring the economic risk of the loans or debt securities to third parties. The assets are transferred into a trust or other securitization vehicle such that the assets are legally isolated from the creditors of the Corporation and are not available to satisfy its obligations. These assets can only be used to settle obligations of the trust or other securitization vehicle. The Corporation also administers, structures or invests in other VIEs including CDOs, investment vehicles and other entities. For more information on the Corporation’s use of VIEs, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.
The tables in this Note present the assets and liabilities of consolidated and unconsolidated VIEs at December 31, 2024 and 2023 in situations where the Corporation has a loan or security interest and involvement with transferred assets or if the Corporation otherwise has an additional interest in the VIE. The