of various customers, investors and counterparties. For more information on potential impacts of credit rating downgrades, see Liquidity Risk – Liquidity Stress Analysis on page 55.
For more information on additional collateral and termination payments that could be required in connection with certain over-
the-counter derivative contracts and other trading agreements in the event of a credit rating downgrade, see
Note 3 – Derivatives
to the Consolidated Financial Statements
and Item 1A. Risk Factors.
Common Stock Dividends
For a summary of our declared quarterly cash dividends on common stock during 2024 and through February 25, 2025, see
Note 13 – Shareholders’ Equity
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Finance Subsidiary Issuers and Parent Guarantor
BofA Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (BofA Finance), is a consolidated finance subsidiary of the Corporation that has issued and sold, and is expected to continue to issue and sell, its senior unsecured debt securities (Guaranteed Notes) that are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Corporation. The Corporation guarantees the due and punctual payment, on demand, of amounts payable on the Guaranteed Notes if not paid by BofA Finance. In addition, each of BAC Capital Trust XIII, BAC Capital Trust XIV and BAC Capital Trust XV, Delaware statutory trusts (collectively, the Trusts) is a 100 percent owned finance subsidiary of the Corporation that has issued and sold trust preferred securities (the Trust Preferred Securities) or capital securities (the Capital Securities and, together with the Guaranteed Notes and the Trust Preferred Securities, the Guaranteed Securities), as applicable, that remained outstanding at December 31, 2024
.
The Corporation guarantees the payment of amounts and distributions with respect  to  the Trust Preferred Securities and Capital Securities
if not paid by the Trusts, to the extent of funds held by the Trusts. This guarantee, together with the Corporation’s other obligations with respect to the Trust Preferred Securities and Capital Securities, effectively constitutes a full and unconditional guarantee of the Trusts’ payment obligations on the Trust Preferred Securities or Capital Securities, as applicable. No other subsidiary of the Corporation guarantees the Guaranteed Securities.
BofA Finance and each of the Trusts are finance subsidiaries, have no independent assets, revenues or operations and are dependent upon the Corporation and/or the Corporation’s other subsidiaries to meet their respective obligations under the Guaranteed Securities in the ordinary course. If holders of the Guaranteed Securities make claims on their Guaranteed Securities in a bankruptcy, resolution or similar proceeding, any recoveries on those claims will be limited to those available under the applicable guarantee by the Corporation, as described above.
The Corporation is a holding company and depends upon its subsidiaries for liquidity. Applicable laws and