long-end interest rates were to significantly decrease over the next twelve months, for example over 200 bps, there would generally be an increase in customer prepayment behaviors with an incremental reduction to net interest income, noting that the extent of changes in customer prepayment activity can be impacted by multiple factors and is not necessarily limited to long-end interest rates. Conversely, if long-end interest rates were to significantly increase over the next twelve months, for example, over 200 bps, customer prepayments would likely modestly decrease and result in an incremental increase to net interest income. In addition, deposit pricing is rate sensitive in nature. This sensitivity is assumed to have non-linear impacts to larger short-end rate movements. In
decreasing interest rate scenarios, and particularly where interest rates have decreased to small amounts, the ability to further reduce rates paid is reduced as customer rates near zero. In higher short-end rate scenarios, deposit pricing will likely increase at a faster rate, leading to incremental interest expense and reducing asset sensitivity. While the impact related to the above assumptions used in the asset sensitivity analysis can provide directional analysis on how net interest income will be impacted in changing environments, the ultimate impact is dependent upon the interrelationship of the assumptions and factors, which vary in different macroeconomic scenarios.
Economic Value of Equity
In addition to interest rate sensitivity described above, the Corporation’s management of its interest rate exposures in the banking book also considers a long-term view of interest rate sensitivity through the measurement of Economic Value of Equity (EVE). EVE captures changes in the net present value of banking book assets and liabilities under various interest rate scenarios and its impact to Tier 1 capital. Similar to net interest income, the Corporation establishes limits for EVE. EVE is largely driven by the Corporation’s longer duration fixed-rate products, such as investment securities, residential mortgages and deposits. For assets or liabilities that have no stated maturity, such as deposits, the Corporation estimates the duration for measurement purposes.
Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Derivative Contracts
We use interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts in our ALM activities to manage our interest rate and foreign exchange risks. Specifically, we use those derivatives to manage both the variability in cash flows and changes in fair value of various assets and liabilities arising from those risks. Our interest rate derivative contracts are generally non-leveraged swaps tied to various benchmark interest rates and foreign exchange basis swaps, options, futures and forwards, and our foreign exchange contracts include cross-currency interest rate swaps, foreign currency futures contracts, foreign currency forward contracts and options.
The derivatives