impact our SCB level and require us to hold additional capital. In 2024, the Federal Reserve announced that it intends to propose potential changes to bank stress tests, which could impact our SCB.
Changes to and compliance with the regulatory capital and liquidity requirements may impact our operations by requiring us to liquidate assets, increase borrowings, issue additional securities, reduce common stock repurchases or dividends, limit compensation practices,  cease or alter certain operations, pricing strategies and business activities or hold highly liquid assets, adversely affecting our results of operations.
Changes in accounting standards or assumptions in applying accounting policies could adversely affect us.
Accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Some of these policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported value of our assets or liabilities and results of operations and are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. If assumptions, estimates or judgments are erroneously applied, we could be required to correct and restate prior-period financial statements. Accounting standard-setters and those who interpret the accounting standards, including the SEC, banking regulators and our independent registered public accounting firm may also amend or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how various standards should be applied. These changes may be difficult to predict and could impact the preparation and reporting of our financial statements, including the application of new or revised standards retrospectively, resulting in unexpected losses, revisions to prior-period financial statements and other adverse impacts to us, including legal and regulatory risk.
We may be adversely affected by changes in U.S. and non-U.S. tax laws and regulations.
We could be adversely affected if U.S. and foreign governmental authorities further change tax laws, including changes to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 and Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. Also, new guidelines issued by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), which are currently being enacted into law in some OECD countries in which we operate, are expected to impose a 15 percent global minimum tax on a country-by-country basis. Any implementation of and/or change in U.S. and foreign tax laws and regulations or interpretations of current or future tax laws and regulations could materially adversely affect our effective tax rate, tax liabilities and results of operations. U.S. and foreign tax laws are complex and our judgments, interpretations or applications of such tax laws could differ from that of the relevant governmental authority. This could result in additional tax liabilities and interest, penalties, the reduction of certain tax