2024, the latest  consensus estimate for the U.S. average unemployment rate for the fourth quarter of 2024 was 4.2 percent, and U.S. real GDP was forecasted to grow 2.4 percent year-over-year in the fourth quarter of 2024, reflecting a strong labor market and steady growth compared to our macroeconomic outlook as of December 31, 2023, and were factored into our allowance for credit losses estimate as of December 31, 2024. In addition, the table below presents the weighted macroeconomic outlook for U.S. average unemployment rate and U.S. real GDP.
(1)
Represents the forecasted weighted economic outlook one and two years out from the reporting date.
In addition to the above judgments and estimates, the allowance for credit losses can also be impacted by unanticipated changes in asset quality of the portfolio, such as increases or decreases in credit and/or internal risk ratings in our commercial portfolio, improvement or deterioration in borrower delinquencies or credit scores in our credit card portfolio and increases or decreases in home prices, which is a primary driver of LTVs, in our consumer real estate portfolio, all
of which have some degree of uncertainty. The allowance for credit losses decreased $215 million from $14.6 billion at December 31, 2023 to $14.3 billion at December 31, 2024, primarily due to a reserve release in our commercial portfolio due to a favorable macroeconomic environment and reduced exposure in our commercial real estate portfolio.
To provide an illustration of the sensitivity of the macroeconomic scenarios and other assumptions on the estimate of our allowance for credit losses, the Corporation compared the December 31, 2024 modeled ECL from the baseline scenario to our adverse scenario. Relative to the baseline scenario, the adverse scenario assumed a peak U.S. unemployment rate of over two percentage points higher than the baseline scenario, a decline in U.S. real GDP followed by a prolonged recovery and a lower home price outlook with a difference of approximately 19 percent at the trough. This sensitivity analysis resulted in a hypothetical increase in the allowance for credit losses of approximately $4.8 billion.
While the sensitivity analysis may be useful to consider how changes in certain macroeconomic assumptions could impact our baseline ECLs, it should not be relied upon as a forecast of how our allowance for credit losses is expected to change in a different macroeconomic outlook. Ultimately, the estimate of the allowance for credit losses is dependent upon a variety of potential factors including, but not limited to, qualitative assessments, weighting of alternate macroeconomic scenarios and changes in portfolio mix that would need to be considered comprehensively in determining the allowance for credit losses. Due to the uncertainty in predicting these factors, they are not incorporated into the sensitivity analysis.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Under applicable accounting standards, we are