contractual right to collect certain payments or payment in full (maturity forbearance) for a defined period of time. Reductions in interest rates and principal forgiveness occur infrequently for commercial borrowers. Principal forgiveness may occur in connection with foreclosure, short sales or other settlement agreements, leading to termination or sale of the loan.
The following table provides the ending amortized cost of commercial loans modified during 2024 and 2023.
Term extensions granted increased the weighted-average life of the impacted loans by
1.7
years during 2024 compared to
1.6
years in 2023. The weighted-average duration of loan payments deferred under the Corporation’s commercial loan forbearance program was
9
months during 2024 and 2023. The deferral period for loan payments can vary, but are mostly in the range of
8
months to
24
months. Modifications of loans to troubled borrowers for Commercial Lease Financing and U.S. Small Business Commercial were not significant during 2024.
The Corporation tracks the performance of modified loans to assess effectiveness of modification programs. In 2024 and 2023, defaults of commercial loans that had been modified within 12 months were $
102
million and $
159
million.
The table below provides aging information as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 for commercial loans that were modified over the last 12 months.
For 2024 and 2023, the Corporation had commitments to lend $
1.3
billion and $
1.2
billion to commercial borrowers experiencing financial difficulty whose loans were modified during the period.
Prior-period Troubled Debt Restructuring Disclosures
Prior to adopting the new accounting standard on loan modifications, the Corporation accounted for modifications of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty as TDRs, when the modification resulted in a concession. The following discussion reflects loans that were considered TDRs prior to January 1, 2023.
Consumer Real Estate
The following table presents the December 31, 2022 unpaid principal balance, carrying value, and average pre- and post-modification interest rates of consumer real estate loans that were modified in TDRs during 2022. The following Consumer Real Estate portfolio segment tables include loans that were initially classified as TDRs during the period and also loans that had previously been classified as TDRs and were modified again during the period. Binding trial modifications are classified as TDRs when the trial offer is made and continue to be classified as TDRs regardless of whether the borrower enters into a permanent modification.
At December 31, 2022, remaining commitments to lend additional funds to debtors whose terms have been modified in a consumer real estate TDR were not significant.
(1)
The post-modification interest rate reflects the interest rate applicable only to permanently completed modifications, which exclude loans that are in a trial modification period.
The table below presents the December 31,