debt ratings of the Corporation or certain subsidiaries. The amount of additional collateral required depends on the contract and is usually a fixed incremental amount and/or the market value of the exposure.
At December 31, 2024, the amount of collateral, calculated based on the terms of the contracts, that the Corporation and certain subsidiaries could be required to post to counterparties but had not yet posted to counterparties was $
2.7
billion, including $
1.4
billion for Bank of America, National Association (BANA).
Some counterparties are currently able to unilaterally terminate certain contracts, or the Corporation or certain subsidiaries may be required to take other action such as find a suitable replacement or obtain a guarantee. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the liability recorded for these derivative contracts was not significant.
The following table presents the amount of additional collateral that would have been contractually required by derivative contracts and other trading agreements at December 31, 2024 if the rating agencies had downgraded their long-term senior debt ratings for the Corporation or certain subsidiaries by one incremental notch and by an additional second incremental notch. The table also presents derivative liabilities that would be subject to unilateral termination by counterparties upon downgrade of the Corporation's or certain subsidiaries’ long-term senior debt ratings.
(1)
Included in Bank of America Corporation collateral requirements in this table.
Valuation Adjustments on Derivatives
The Corporation records credit risk valuation adjustments on derivatives in order to properly reflect the credit quality of the counterparties and its own credit quality. The Corporation calculates valuation adjustments on derivatives based on a modeled expected exposure that incorporates current market risk factors. The exposure also takes into consideration credit mitigants such as enforceable master netting agreements and collateral. CDS spread data is used to estimate the default probabilities and severities that are applied to the exposures. Where no observable credit default data is available for counterparties, the Corporation uses proxies and other market data to estimate default probabilities and severity.
The table below presents credit valuation adjustment (CVA), DVA and FVA gains (losses) on derivatives (excluding the effect of any related hedge activities), which are recorded in market making and similar activities, for 2024, 2023 and 2022. CVA gains reduce the cumulative CVA thereby increasing the derivative assets balance. DVA gains increase the cumulative DVA thereby decreasing the derivative liabilities balance. CVA and DVA losses have the opposite impact. FVA gains related to derivative assets reduce the cumulative FVA thereby increasing the derivative assets balance. FVA gains related to derivative liabilities increase the cumulative FVA thereby decreasing the derivative liabilities balance. FVA losses