Treasury (including the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and OFAC), Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, Federal Reserve, OCC, CFPB, Financial Stability Oversight Council, FDIC, Department of Labor, SEC and CFTC in the U.S., foreign regulators, other government authorities and self-regulatory organizations. Further, we expect to become subject to future LRRs, including beyond those currently proposed, adopted or contemplated in the U.S. or abroad, and evolving interpretations of existing and future LRRs, which may include policies and rulemaking related to FDIC assessments, loss allocations between financial institutions and clients regarding the use of our products and services, including electronic payments, emerging technologies, such as the development and use of AI (including machine learning and generative AI), cybersecurity and data, employment practices and further climate and environmental risk management and sustainability reporting and disclosure, including emissions.
The cumulative effect of all of the current and possible future legislation and regulations, as well as related interpretations, on our litigation and regulatory exposure, businesses, operations, including our ability to compete, and profitability remains uncertain and necessitates that we make certain assumptions with respect to the scope and requirements of existing, prospective and proposed LRRs in our business planning and strategies. If these assumptions prove incorrect, we could be subject to increased regulatory, legal and compliance risks and costs, and potential reputational harm. Also, regulatory initiatives in the U.S. and abroad may overlap, and non-U.S. regulations and initiatives may be inconsistent or conflict with current or proposed U.S. regulations or with each other, which could lead to compliance risks and higher costs.
Our regulators’ prudential and supervisory authority gives them broad power and discretion to direct our actions, and they have assumed an active oversight, inspection and investigatory role across the financial services industry. Regulatory focus is not limited to LRRs applicable to the financial services industry, but includes other significant LRRs that apply across industries and jurisdictions, including those related to anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption know-your-customer requirements, embargo programs and economic sanctions.
We are also subject to LRRs in the U.S. and abroad, including the GDPR and CCPA, and a number of additional jurisdictions enacting or considering similar laws or amendments to existing laws, regarding privacy and the disclosure, collection, use, sharing and safeguarding of personally identifiable information, including our employees, clients, suppliers, counterparties and other third parties, the violation of which could result in litigation, regulatory fines,
enforcement actions and operational loss. Also, we are and will continue to be subject to new and evolving data privacy laws in the