cash and derivatives.
All Other
(1)
In segments where the total of liabilities and equity exceeds assets, which are generally deposit-taking segments, we allocate assets from
All Other
to those segments to match liabilities (i.e., deposits) and allocated shareholders’ equity. Average allocated assets were $954.6 billion and $975.9 billion for 2024 and 2023 and year-end allocated assets were $978.4 billion and $972.9 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
All Other
primarily consists of asset and liability management (ALM) activities, liquidating businesses and certain expenses not otherwise allocated to a business segment. ALM activities encompass interest rate and foreign currency risk management activities for which substantially all of the results are allocated to our business segments. For more information on our ALM activities,
see
Note 23 – Business Segment Information
to the Consolidated Financial Statements
.
The net loss in
All Other
decreased $2.3 billion to $1.6 billion primarily due to lower noninterest expense and higher revenue.
Noninterest income increased $999 million primarily due to the  net  $1.6 billion charge recorded in the prior year due to the
announcement of BSBY’s cessation, partially offset by a charge related to Visa’s increase in its litigation escrow account and certain negative valuation adjustments.
Noninterest expense decreased $2.4 billion to $1.7 billion primarily due to the $2.1 billion accrual recorded in the prior year for the FDIC special assessment resulting from the closure of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, and lower expenses related to a liquidating business activity.
The income tax benefit was $7.6 billion in 2024 compared to $8.4 billion in 2023. The decrease in the income tax benefit was primarily due to the benefits recorded against pretax charges in 2023 for the FDIC special assessment and the impact of BSBY’s cessation.
Managing Risk
Risk is inherent in all our business activities. Sound risk management enables us to serve our customers and deliver for our shareholders. If not managed well, risk can result in financial loss, regulatory sanctions and penalties, litigation, and damage to our reputation, each of which may adversely impact our ability to execute our business strategies. We take a comprehensive approach to risk management with a defined Risk Framework and an articulated Risk Appetite Statement, which are approved annually by the Board’s Enterprise Risk Committee (ERC) and the Board.
The seven key types of risk faced by the Corporation are strategic, credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational and reputational.
●
Strategic risk is the risk to current or projected financial condition arising from incorrect assumptions about external or internal factors, inappropriate business plans, ineffective business strategy execution or failure to respond in a timely manner to changes in the regulatory, macroeconomic or competitive environments in the geographic locations in which we