fluctuations in interest rates or Federal Reserve balance sheet composition), negative views or loss of confidence about us or the financial services industry generally or due to a specific news event (e.g., regional bank failures), changes in the regulatory environment or governmental fiscal or monetary policies, actions by credit rating agencies or an operational problem that affects third parties or us. The impact of these potentially sudden events, whether within our control or not, could include an inability to sell assets or redeem investments, unforeseen outflows of cash, the need to draw on liquidity facilities, the reduction of financing balances and the loss of equity secured funding, debt repurchases to support the secondary market or meet client requests, the need for additional funding for commitments and contingencies and unexpected collateral calls, among other things, the result of which could be increased costs, a liquidity shortfall and/or impact on our liquidity coverage ratio.
Our liquidity and cost of funds may be impacted by our reputation risk, investor behavior and confidence, debt market disruption, firm specific concerns or prevailing market conditions, including changes in interest and currency exchange rates, significant fluctuations in equity and futures prices, lower trading volumes and prices of securitized products and our credit spreads. Increases in interest rates and our credit
spreads can increase the cost of our funding and result in mark-to-market or credit valuation adjustment exposures. Changes in our credit spreads are market driven and may be influenced by market perceptions of our creditworthiness, including changes in our credit ratings or changes in broader financial market and macroeconomic conditions. Changes to interest rates and our credit spreads occur continuously and may be unpredictable and highly volatile. We may also experience net interest margin compression from offering higher than expected deposit rates in order to attract and maintain deposits. Concentrations within our funding profile, such as maturities, currencies or counterparties, can also reduce our funding efficiency.
Reduction in our credit ratings could limit our access to funding or the capital markets, increase borrowing costs or trigger additional collateral or funding requirements.
Our borrowing costs and ability to raise funds are directly impacted by our credit ratings. Credit ratings are also important to investors, clients or counterparties when we compete in certain markets and seek to engage in certain transactions, including over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives. Our credit ratings are subject to ongoing review by rating agencies, which consider a number of financial and nonfinancial factors, including our franchise, financial strength, performance and prospects, management, governance, risk management practices, capital adequacy, asset quality and operations, among other criteria, as well as factors not under our