trading purposes are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in other income. Equity securities that do not have readily determinable fair values are recorded at cost less impairment, if any, plus or minus qualifying observable price changes. These securities are reported in other assets.
Loans and Leases
Loans, with the exception of loans accounted for under the fair value option, are reported at their outstanding principal balances net of any unearned income, charge-offs, unamortized deferred fees and costs on originated loans, and for purchased loans, net of any unamortized premiums or discounts. Loan origination fees and certain direct origination costs are deferred and recognized as adjustments to interest income over the lives of the related loans. Unearned income, discounts and premiums are amortized to interest income using a constant effective yield methodology. The Corporation elects to account for certain consumer and commercial loans under the fair value option with interest reported in interest income and changes in fair value reported in market making and similar activities or other income.
Under applicable accounting guidance, for reporting purposes, the loan and lease portfolio is categorized by portfolio segment and, within each portfolio segment, by class of financing receivable. A portfolio segment is defined as the level at which an entity develops and documents a systematic methodology to determine the allowance for credit losses, and a class of financing receivable is defined as the level of disaggregation of portfolio segments based on the initial measurement attribute, risk characteristics and methods for assessing risk. The Corporation’s
three
portfolio segments are Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and Commercial. The classes within the Consumer Real Estate portfolio segment are residential mortgage and home equity. The classes within the Credit Card and Other Consumer portfolio segment are credit card, direct/indirect consumer and other consumer. The classes within the Commercial portfolio segment are U.S. commercial, non-U.S. commercial, commercial real estate, commercial lease financing and U.S. small business commercial.
Leases
The Corporation provides equipment financing to its customers through a variety of lessor arrangements. Direct financing leases and sales-type leases are carried at the aggregate of lease payments receivable plus the estimated residual value of the leased property less unearned income, which is accreted to interest income over the lease terms using methods that
approximate the interest method. Operating lease income is recognized on a straight-line basis. The Corporation's lease arrangements generally do not contain non-lease components.
Allowance for Credit Losses
The ECL on funded consumer and commercial loans and leases is referred to as the allowance for loan and lease losses and is reported separately as a contra-asset to loans and leases on the