under Regulation FD. We routinely post and make accessible financial and other information regarding the Corporation on our website. Investors should monitor our website, including the Investor Relations portion of our website, in addition to our press releases, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, public conference calls and webcasts. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish them to, the SEC and at the SEC’s website, www.sec.gov. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the information contained on our website as referenced in this paragraph, or otherwise in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Also, we make available on the Investor Relations portion of our website: (i) our Code of Conduct; (ii) our Corporate Governance Guidelines; and (iii) the charter of each active committee of our Board of Directors (the Board). Our Code of Conduct constitutes a “code of ethics” and a “code of business conduct and ethics” that applies to the required individuals associated with the Corporation for purposes of the respective rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange. We also intend to disclose any amendments to our Code of Conduct and waivers of our Code of Conduct required to be disclosed by the rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange on the Investor Relations portion of our website. All of these corporate governance materials are also available free of charge in print to shareholders who request them in writing to: Bank of America Corporation, Attention: Office of the Corporate Secretary, Bank of America Corporate Center, 100 North Tryon Street, NC1-007-56-06, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255.
Segments
Through our various bank and nonbank subsidiaries throughout the U.S. and in international markets, we provide a diversified range of banking and nonbank financial services and products through four business segments:
Consumer Banking
,
Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM)
,
Global Banking
and
Global Markets
, with the remaining operations recorded in
All Other
. Additional information related to our business segments and the products and services they provide is included in the information set forth on pages 35 through 44 of Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) and
Note 23 – Business Segment Information
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Competition
We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our competitors include banks, thrifts, credit unions, investment banking firms, investment advisory firms, brokerage firms, investment companies, insurance