position, business, results of operations and financial condition are affected by market risks such as changes in interest and currency exchange rates, fluctuations in equity, commodity and futures prices, trading volumes and prices of securitized products, the implied volatility of interest rates and credit spreads and other economic and business factors. These market risks may adversely affect, among other things, the value of our securities, including our on- and off-balance sheet securities, trading assets and other financial instruments, the cost of debt capital and our access to credit markets, the value of assets under management (AUM), fee income relating to AUM, client allocation of capital among investment alternatives, the volume of client activity in our trading operations, investment banking, underwriting and other capital market fees and the general profitability and risk level of the transactions in which we engage and our competitiveness with respect to deposit pricing. The value of certain of our assets is sensitive to changes in market interest rates and/or spreads. If the Federal Reserve or a non-U.S. central bank changes or signals a change in monetary policy, market interest rates or credit spreads could be affected, which could adversely impact the value of such assets. Changes to fiscal policy, including expansion of U.S. federal deficit spending and resultant debt issuance, could also affect market interest rates. If interest rates decrease, our results of operations could be negatively impacted, including future revenue and earnings growth.
Our models and strategies to assess and control our market risk exposures are subject to inherent limitations. In times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated. Such changes to the relationship between market parameters may limit the effectiveness of our hedging strategies and cause us to incur significant losses. Changes in correlation can be exacerbated where market participants use risk or trading models with assumptions or algorithms similar to ours. In these and other cases, it may be difficult to reduce our risk positions due to activity of other market participants or widespread market dislocations, including circumstances where asset values are declining significantly or no market exists. Where we own securities that do not have an established liquid trading market or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sale or hedging, or
where the degree of accessible liquidity declines significantly, we may not be able to reduce our positions and risks associated with such holdings, so we may suffer larger than expected losses when adverse price movements take place. This risk can be exacerbated where we hold a position that is large relative to the available liquidity.
If asset values decline, we may incur losses and negative impacts, including to capital and liquidity requirements.
We have a large portfolio of