making and similar activities. For 2023, includes $
447
million of positive fair value adjustments related to the interest rate swaps that occurred after de-designation of BSBY hedges and prior to re-designation of the interest rate swaps into new hedges.
(4)
Gains (losses) on these derivatives are recorded in compensation and benefits expense.
Transfers of Financial Assets with Risk Retained through Derivatives
The Corporation enters into certain transactions involving the transfer of financial assets that are accounted for as sales where substantially all of the economic exposure to the transferred financial assets is retained through derivatives (e.g., interest rate and/or credit), but the Corporation does not retain control over the assets transferred. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation had transferred $
3.9
billion and $
4.1
billion of non-U.S. government-guaranteed mortgage-backed securities to a third-party trust and retained economic exposure to the transferred assets through derivative contracts. In connection with these transfers, the Corporation received gross cash proceeds of $
3.9
billion and $
4.2
billion at the transfer dates. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the fair value of the transferred securities was $
3.6
billion and $
4.1
billion.
Sales and Trading Revenue
The Corporation enters into trading derivatives to facilitate client transactions and to manage risk exposures arising from trading account  assets  and  liabilities.  It is the Corporation’s policy to
include these derivative instruments in its trading activities, which include derivatives and non-derivative cash instruments. The resulting risk from these derivatives is managed on a portfolio basis as part of the Corporation’s
Global Markets
business segment. The related sales and trading revenue generated within
Global Markets
is recorded in various income statement line items, including market making and similar activities and net interest income as well as other revenue categories.
Sales and trading revenue includes changes in the fair value and realized gains and losses on the sales of trading and other assets, net interest income, and fees primarily from commissions on equity securities. Revenue is generated by the difference in the client price for an instrument and the price at which the trading desk can execute the trade in the dealer market. For equity securities, commissions related to purchases and sales are recorded in the “Other” column in the Sales and Trading Revenue table. Changes in the fair value of these securities are included in market making and similar activities. For debt securities, revenue, with the exception of interest associated with the debt securities, is typically included in market making and similar activities. Unlike commissions for equity securities, the initial revenue related to broker-dealer services for debt securities is typically included in the pricing of the instrument rather than being charged through separate fee