page 35.
The Corporation’s risk appetite indicates the amount of capital, earnings or liquidity we are willing to put at risk to achieve our strategic objectives and business plans, consistent with applicable regulatory requirements. It also provides a common framework that includes a set of measures to assist senior management and the Board in assessing the Corporation’s risk profile across all risk types against our risk appetite and risk capacity. Our risk appetite is formally articulated in the Risk Appetite Statement, which includes both qualitative statements and quantitative limits.
Our overall capacity to take risk is limited. Accordingly, we prioritize the risks we take in order to maintain a strong and flexible financial position so we can weather challenging economic times and take advantage of organic growth opportunities while complying with all applicable regulatory requirements. Therefore, we set objectives and targets for capital and liquidity that permit us to continue to operate in a safe and sound manner at all times, including during periods of stress. We also maintain strong operational risk management and operational resiliency capabilities so we can meet the expectations of our customers and clients through a range of operating conditions.
Our lines of business operate with risk limits that align with the Corporation’s risk appetite. Management is responsible for tracking and reporting performance measurements as well as any breaches or exceptions to risk appetite limits. The Board, and its committees when appropriate, oversee financial performance, execution of the strategic and financial operating plans, adherence to risk appetite limits and the adequacy of internal controls.
For a more detailed discussion of our risk management activities, see the discussion below and pages 48 through 82.
Risk Management Governance
The Risk Framework describes delegations of authority whereby the Board and its committees may delegate authority to management-level committees or executive officers. Such delegations may authorize certain decision-making and approval functions, which may be evidenced in documents such as committee charters, job descriptions, meeting minutes and resolutions.
The chart below illustrates the interrelationship among the Board, Board committees and management committees that have the majority of risk oversight responsibilities for the Corporation.
Board of Directors and Board Committees
The Board is composed of 14 directors, all but one of whom are independent. The Board authorizes management to maintain an effective Risk Framework and oversees compliance with safe and sound banking practices. In addition, the Board or its committees conduct inquiries of, and receive reports from senior management on, risk-related matters to assess scope or resource limitations that could impede the ability of Global Risk Management (GRM) and/or Corporate Audit to execute its responsibilities. The Board committees discussed below