items of $1.4 billion (17 percentage points) for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and $1.3 billion (18 percentage points) for the three months ended March 31, 2024, the adjusted ETR would have been approximately 26 percent for both periods. Adjusted ETR is a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 5.
Supplemental Financial Data
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we present certain non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures exclude certain items or otherwise include components that differ from the most directly comparable measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures are provided as additional useful information to assess our financial condition, results of operations (including period-to-period operating performance) or compliance with prospective regulatory requirements. These non-GAAP financial measures are not intended as a substitute for GAAP financial measures and may not be defined or calculated the same way as non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies.
When presented on a consolidated basis, we view net interest income on an FTE basis as a non-GAAP financial measure. To derive the FTE basis, net interest income is adjusted to reflect tax-exempt income on an equivalent before-tax basis with a corresponding increase in income tax expense. For purposes of this calculation, we use the federal statutory tax rate of 21 percent and a representative state tax rate. Net interest yield, which measures the basis points we earn over the cost of funds, utilizes net interest income on an FTE basis. We believe that presentation of these items on an FTE basis allows for comparison of amounts from both taxable and tax-exempt sources and is consistent with industry practices.
We may present certain key performance indicators and ratios excluding certain items (e.g., debit valuation adjustment (DVA) gains (losses)), which result in non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that the presentation of measures that exclude these items is useful because such measures provide additional information to assess the underlying operational performance and trends of our businesses and to allow better comparison of period-to-period operating performance.
We may present an adjusted ETR to exclude the tax rate effects of certain tax credits and discrete tax items (adjusted ETR). We believe the presentation of adjusted ETR is useful because it provides additional information to assess the Corporation’s results of operations.
We also evaluate our business based on certain ratios that utilize tangible equity, a non-GAAP financial measure. Tangible equity represents shareholders’ equity or common shareholders’ equity reduced by goodwill and intangible assets (excluding mortgage servicing rights (MSRs)), net of related deferred tax liabilities (“adjusted” shareholders’ equity or common shareholders’ equity). These measures are used to
evaluate