associated with Level 3 financial instruments may be offset by gains or losses associated with financial instruments classified in other levels of the fair value hierarchy. The Level 3 gains and losses recorded in earnings did not have a significant impact on our liquidity or capital. We conduct a review of our fair value hierarchy classifications on a quarterly basis. Transfers into or out of Level 3 are made if the significant inputs used in financial models measuring the fair values of the assets and liabilities became unobservable or observable, respectively, in the current marketplace, or when previously insignificant unobservable and observable inputs become significant, respectively. For more information on transfers into and out of Level 3 during 2024, 2023 and 2022, see
Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Accrued Income Taxes and Deferred Tax Assets
Accrued income taxes, reported as a component of either other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, represent the net amount of current income taxes we expect to pay to or receive from various taxing jurisdictions attributable to our operations to date. We currently file income tax returns in more than 100 jurisdictions and consider many factors, including statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance, in estimating the appropriate accrued income taxes for each jurisdiction.
Net deferred tax assets, reported as a component of other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, represent the net decrease in taxes expected to be paid in the future because of net operating loss (NOL) and tax credit carryforwards and because  of  future  reversals  of  temporary  differences  in  the
bases of assets and liabilities as measured by tax laws and their bases as reported in the financial statements. NOL and tax credit carryforwards result in reductions to future tax liabilities, and many of these attributes can expire if not utilized within certain periods. We consider the need for valuation allowances to reduce net deferred tax assets to the amounts that we estimate are more likely than not to be realized.
Consistent with the applicable accounting guidance, we monitor relevant tax authorities and change our estimates of accrued income taxes and/or net deferred tax assets due to changes in income tax laws and their interpretation by the courts and regulatory authorities. These revisions of our estimates, which also may result from our income tax planning and from the resolution of income tax audit matters, may be material to our operating results for any given period.
See
Note 19 – Income Taxes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a table of significant tax attributes and additional information. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors – Regulatory, Compliance and Legal.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
The nature of and accounting for goodwill and intangible assets are discussed in
Note 1 – Summary of