2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. For more information on climate- and sustainability-related matters and their importance in supporting our customers and clients, see the Corporation’s website, including its 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America document. The contents of the Corporation’s website, including the 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America document, are not incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Complex Accounting Estimates
Our significant accounting principles, are essential in understanding the MD&A. Many of our significant accounting principles require complex judgments to estimate the values of assets and liabilities. We have procedures and processes in place to facilitate making these judgments. For more information, see Complex Accounting Estimates in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Non-GAAP Reconciliations
Table 41 provides reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
(1)
For more information on non-GAAP financial measures and ratios we use in assessing the results of the Corporation, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 5.
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
See Market Risk Management on page 38 in the MD&A and the sections referenced therein for Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Corporation’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness and design of the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the three months ended March 31, 2025, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting.
Part I. Financial Information
Item 1. Financial Statements
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Bank of