Significant Accounting Principles
and
Note 7 – Goodwill and Intangible Assets
.
We completed our annual goodwill impairment test as of June 30, 2024 by using a qualitative assessment. Factors considered in the qualitative assessment include, among others, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, financial performance of the respective reporting unit and other relevant entity and reporting-unit specific considerations. Based on our assessment, we have concluded that none of our reporting units are at risk of impairment, as each of the reporting units’ fair values are substantially in excess of their carrying values.
Certain Contingent Liabilities
For more information on the complex judgments associated with certain contingent liabilities, see
Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Non-GAAP Reconciliations
Tables 47 and 48 provide reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures.
(1)
Presents reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures. For more information on non-GAAP financial measures and ratios we use in assessing the results of the Corporation, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 30.
(1)
Presents reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures. For more information on non-GAAP financial measures and ratios we use in assessing the results of the Corporation, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 30.
Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
See Market Risk Management on page 74 in the MD&A and the sections referenced therein for Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.
Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The management of Bank of America Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Corporation; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Corporation are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Corporation; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or