losses.
The allowance for credit losses is our best estimate of ECL, but there is no guarantee that it will be sufficient to address credit losses, particularly if the economic outlook deteriorates significantly, quickly or unexpectedly. As circumstances change, we may increase our allowance, which would reduce earnings. If economic conditions worsen, impacting our consumer and commercial borrowers, counterparties or underlying collateral, and credit losses are unexpectedly worse, we may increase our provision for credit losses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
Our concentrations of credit risk could adversely affect our credit losses, results of operations and financial condition.
We may be subject to concentrations of credit risk because of a common characteristic or common sensitivity to economic, financial, public health or business developments. Concentrations of credit risk may reside in a particular industry, geography, product, asset class, counterparty or within any pool of exposures with a common risk characteristic. A deterioration in the financial condition or prospects of a particular industry, geographic location, product or asset class, or a failure or downgrade of, or default by, any particular entity or group of entities could negatively affect our businesses, and it is possible our limits and credit monitoring exposure controls will not function as anticipated.
We execute a high volume of transactions and have significant credit concentrations with respect to the financial services industry, predominantly comprised of broker-dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, insurance companies, mutual funds, hedge funds, CCPs and other institutional clients. Financial services institutions and other counterparties are inter-related because of trading, funding, clearing or other relationships. Defaults by one or more counterparties, or market uncertainty about the financial stability of one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally,
could lead to market-wide liquidity disruptions, losses, defaults and related disputes and litigation.
Our credit risk may also be heightened by market risk when the collateral held by us cannot be liquidated or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivatives exposure, which may occur from events that impact the value of the collateral, such as a sudden change in asset price or fraud. Disputes with obligors as to the valuation of collateral could increase with significant market stress, volatility or illiquidity, and we could suffer losses if we are unable to realize the fair value of the collateral or manage declines in the value of collateral. Also, our counterparty credit risk can increase if margin posted by counterparties is insufficient to cover exposures and elevated counterparty exposure is accompanied by the counterparty’s likelihood of default.
We have