purchased under agreements to resell and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase. These financing agreements (also referred to as “matched-book transactions”) are to accommodate customers, obtain securities to cover short positions and finance inventory positions. The Corporation elects to account for certain securities financing agreements under the fair value option. For more information on the fair value option, see
Note 21 – Fair Value Option
.
Offsetting of Securities Financing Agreements
Substantially all of the Corporation’s securities financing activities are transacted under legally enforceable master repurchase agreements or legally enforceable master securities lending agreements that give the Corporation, in the event of
default by the counterparty, the right to liquidate securities held and to offset receivables and payables with the same counterparty. The Corporation offsets securities financing transactions with the same counterparty on the Consolidated Balance Sheet where it has such a legally enforceable master netting agreement and the transactions have the same maturity date.
The Securities Financing Agreements table presents securities financing agreements included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell, and in federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase at December 31, 2024 and 2023. Balances are presented on a gross basis, prior to the application of counterparty netting. Gross assets and liabilities are adjusted on an aggregate basis to take into consideration the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements. For more information on the offsetting of derivatives, see
Note 3 – Derivatives.
(1)
Includes activity where uncertainty exists as to the enforceability of certain master netting agreements under bankruptcy laws in some countries or industries.
(2)
Includes securities collateral received or pledged under repurchase or securities lending agreements where there is a legally enforceable master netting agreement. These amounts are not offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, but are shown as a reduction to derive a net asset or liability. Securities collateral received or pledged where the legal enforceability of the master netting agreements is uncertain is excluded from the table.
(3)
Excludes repurchase activity of $
12.3
billion and $
8.7
billion reported in loans and leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet for December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(4)
Balance is reported in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and relates to transactions where the Corporation acts as the lender in a securities lending agreement and receives securities that can be pledged as collateral or sold. In these transactions, the Corporation recognizes an asset at fair value, representing the securities received, and a liability, representing the obligation to return