third parties may include suppliers, service providers, counterparties, financial market utilities, exchanges and clearing houses, data aggregators and other partners and their upstream and downstream service providers (e.g., fourth parties, fifth parties) who may also contribute to our risks. Other factors not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial could also adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. Therefore, the risk factors below should not be considered all of the potential risks that we may face. For more information on how we manage risks, see Managing Risk in the MD&A beginning on page 45. For more information about the risks contained in this section, see Item 1. Business beginning on page 2, MD&A beginning on page 26 and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page 94.
Market
We may be adversely affected by the financial markets, fiscal, monetary, and regulatory policies, and economic conditions.
General economic, political, social and health conditions in the U.S. and abroad affect financial markets and our businesses. In particular, global markets may be affected by the level and volatility of interest rates, availability and market conditions of financing, changes in gross domestic product (GDP), economic growth or its sustainability, inflation, supply chain disruptions, consumer spending, employment levels, labor shortages, challenging labor market conditions, wage stagnation, federal government shutdowns, energy prices, home prices, commercial property values, bankruptcies and a default by a significant market participant or class of counterparties, including companies in emerging markets. Global markets also may be affected by adverse developments impacting the U.S. or global banking industry, including bank failures, the failure of nonbank financial institutions and liquidity concerns, fluctuations or other significant changes in both debt and equity capital markets and currencies, the transition of benchmark rates to alternative reference rates, the impact of the volatility of digital assets on the broader market, the rate of growth of global trade and commerce, trade policies, the availability and cost of capital and credit, disruption of communication, transportation or energy infrastructure, recessionary fears, investor sentiment and the U.S. and global election cycles, including stated, perceived or actual changes to policy and the geopolitical environment. Global markets, including energy and commodity markets, may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of climate change, acute and/or chronic extreme weather events or natural disasters, the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, cyberattacks, military conflicts, terrorism, or other geopolitical events. Market fluctuations may impact our margin requirements and liquidity.
Any sudden or prolonged market downturn, as a result of the above factors