Commercial loans and leases may be returned to performing status when all principal and interest is current and full repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest is expected,  when the loan otherwise becomes well-secured and is in the process of collection, or when a modified loan demonstrates a sustained period of payment performance.
(4)
Outstanding commercial loans exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option.
Industry Concentrations
Table 31 presents commercial committed and utilized credit exposure by industry. For information on net notional credit protection purchased to hedge funded and unfunded exposures for which we elected the fair value option, as well as certain other credit exposures, see Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Risk Mitigation.
Commercial credit exposure is diversified across a broad range of industries. Total commercial committed exposure increased $4.8 billion during the three months ended March 31, 2025 to $1.3 trillion. The increase in commercial committed exposure was concentrated in Finance companies, Government & public education and Capital goods.
For information on industry limits, see Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Risk Mitigation in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Asset managers and funds, our largest industry concentration with committed exposure of $190.2 billion, decreased $3.7 billion, or two percent, during the three months ended March 31, 2025, which was primarily driven by investment-grade exposures.
Finance companies, our second largest industry concentration with committed exposure of $109.8 billion, increased $8.0 billion, or eight percent, during the three months ended March 31, 2025. The increase in committed exposure was primarily driven by increases in Consumer finance, Thrifts and mortgage finance and Diversified financials.
Capital goods, our third largest industry concentration with committed exposure of $101.9 billion, increased $3.1 billion, or three percent, during the three months ended March 31, 2025. The increase in committed exposure was driven by increases in Trading companies and distributors, Machinery and Electrical equipment, partially offset by a decrease in Industrial conglomerates.
Various macroeconomic challenges, including geopolitical tensions, higher costs associated with inflationary pressures experienced over the past several years and elevated interest rates, have led to uncertainty in the U.S. and global economies and have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, a number of industries. We continue to monitor these risks as well as the ongoing negotiations regarding international trade policies.
(1)
Includes U.S. small business commercial exposure.
(2)
Includes the notional amount of unfunded legally binding lending commitments, net of amounts distributed (i.e., syndicated or participated) to other financial institutions. The distributed amounts were $10.6 billion and