facilitate oversight of cybersecurity risk. In accordance with these policies and procedures, the Corporation’s three lines of defense, and management, strive to prepare for, identify, prevent, detect, mitigate, respond to and recover from cybersecurity threats and incidents, monitor performance, and escalate to executive management, the committees of the Corporation’s Board and/or to the Board, as appropriate. Additionally, GIS reports cybersecurity incidents that meet certain criteria to the Legal Department for evaluation of materiality and potential escalation and disclosure, which includes the consideration of relevant quantitative and qualitative factors.
The Board is actively engaged in the oversight of the GIS Program and devotes time and attention to the oversight and mitigation of cybersecurity risk. The Board, which includes members with technology and cybersecurity experience, oversees management’s approach to staffing and the policies and procedures to address cybersecurity risk.
The Board and its ERC, which is responsible for reviewing cybersecurity risk, each receive regular presentations, memoranda and reports from our
Chief Technology and Information Officer (CTIO) and our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO)
on internal and external cybersecurity developments, threats and risks.
The
Board
receives prompt and timely information from management on cybersecurity incidents, including cybersecurity incidents experienced by the Corporation’s third-party service providers, that may pose significant risk to the Corporation, and continues to receive regular reports on any such incidents until their conclusion. Additionally, the Board receives quarterly reports on the performance metrics for the GIS Program and the performance of the Corporation’s cybersecurity risk appetite metrics, including metrics on vulnerabilities and third-party cybersecurity risks and incidents, and is notified promptly if a Board-level cybersecurity risk limit is breached.
Our ERC also annually reviews and approves our GIS Program and our Information Security Policy, which establish administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to protect the security, confidentiality, availability and integrity of customer records and information in accordance with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the interagency guidelines issued thereunder, and applicable laws globally.
Under the Board’s oversight, management works closely with key stakeholders, including regulators, government agencies, law enforcement, peer institutions and industry groups, and develops and invests in talent and innovative technology in order to better manage cybersecurity risk.
Our most senior cybersecurity employees are the CTIO and CISO, who are primarily responsible for managing and assessing cybersecurity risk. The CISO oversees a team of more than 3,400 information security professionals spanning the globe. The CISO and the GIS senior leadership team have deep cybersecurity expertise,