impacts as a result of ongoing negotiations regarding international trade policies, higher costs associated with inflationary pressures experienced over the past several years, elevated rates as well as the current geopolitical environment, and could lead to adverse impacts to credit quality metrics in future periods.
Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management
Credit risk management for the consumer portfolio begins with initial underwriting and continues throughout a borrower’s credit cycle. Statistical techniques in conjunction with experiential judgment are used in all aspects of portfolio management including underwriting, product pricing, risk appetite, setting credit limits, and establishing operating processes and metrics to quantify and balance risks and returns. Statistical models are built using detailed behavioral information from external sources, such as credit bureaus, and/or internal historical experience and are a component of our consumer credit risk management process. These models are used in part to assist in making both new and ongoing credit decisions as well as portfolio management strategies, including authorizations and line management, collection practices and strategies, and determination of the allowance for loan and lease losses and allocated capital for credit risk.
Consumer Credit Portfolio
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the U.S. unemployment rate and home prices remained relatively stable. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, net charge-offs increased $91 million to $1.1 billion compared to the same period in 2024, primarily due to the credit card portfolio.
The consumer allowance for loan and lease losses was $8.6 billion, relatively unchanged from December 31, 2024. For more information, see Allowance for Credit Losses on page 36.
For more information on our accounting policies regarding delinquencies, nonperforming status, charge-offs and loan modifications for the consumer portfolio, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K
and
Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table 16 presents our outstanding consumer loans and leases, consumer nonperforming loans and accruing consumer loans past due 90 days or more.
(1)
Residential mortgage loans accruing past due 90 days or more are fully-insured loans. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, residential mortgage included $124 million and $119 million of loans on which interest had been curtailed by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA), and therefore were no longer accruing interest, although principal was still insured, and $110 million and $110 million of loans on which interest was still accruing.
(2)
Outstandings primarily includes auto and specialty lending loans and leases of $54.1 billion and $54.9 billion, U.S. securities-based lending loans of $49.3