for regulatory capital calculations due to the holding period used. The holding period for VaR used for regulatory capital calculations is 10 days, while for the market risk VaR presented below, it is one day. Both measures utilize the same process and methodology.
The total market-based portfolio VaR results in Table 41 include market risk to which we are exposed from all business segments, excluding credit valuation adjustment (CVA), DVA and related hedges. The majority of this portfolio is within the
Global Markets
segment.
Table 41 presents year-end, average, high and low daily trading VaR for 2024 and 2023 using a 99 percent confidence level. The amounts disclosed in Table 41 and Table 42 align to the view of covered positions used in the Basel 3 capital calculations. Foreign exchange and commodity positions are always considered covered positions, regardless of trading or banking treatment for the trade, except for structural foreign currency positions that are excluded with prior regulatory approval.
The annual average of total covered positions and less liquid trading positions portfolio VaR marginally decreased for 2024 compared to 2023, with modest changes across asset classes.
(1)
The high and low for each portfolio may have occurred on different trading days than the high and low for the components. Therefore the impact from less liquid exposures and the amount of portfolio diversification, which is the difference between the total portfolio and the sum of the individual components, is not relevant.
(2)
Impact is net of diversification effects between the covered positions and less liquid trading positions portfolios.
n/a = not applicable
The following graph presents the daily covered positions and less liquid trading positions portfolio VaR for 2024, corresponding to the data in Table 41.
Additional VaR statistics produced within our single VaR model are provided in Table 42 at the same level of detail as in Table 41. Evaluating VaR with additional statistics allows for an increased understanding of the risks in the portfolio, as the historical market data used in the VaR calculation does not necessarily follow a predefined statistical distribution. Table 42 presents average trading VaR statistics at 99 percent and 95 percent confidence levels for 2024 and 2023.
Backtesting
The accuracy of the VaR methodology is evaluated by backtesting, which compares the daily VaR results, utilizing a one-day holding period, against a comparable subset of trading revenue. A backtesting excess occurs when a trading loss exceeds the VaR for the corresponding day. These excesses are evaluated to understand the positions and market moves that produced the trading loss with a goal to help confirm that the VaR methodology accurately represents those losses. We expect the frequency of trading losses in excess of VaR to be in line with the confidence level of the VaR statistic being tested. For example, with a 99 percent confidence level, we expect one