or lease approximately 64.2 million square feet in over 19,700 facilities and ATM locations globally, including approximately 57.9 million square feet in the U.S. (all 50 states and the District of Columbia, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico and Guam) and approximately 6.3 million square feet in more than 35 countries.
We believe our owned and leased properties are adequate for our business needs and are well maintained. We continue to evaluate our owned and leased real estate and may determine from time to time that certain of our premises and facilities, or ownership    structures,    are   no   longer   necessary   for   our
operations. In connection therewith, we regularly evaluate the sale or sale/leaseback of certain properties, and we may incur costs in connection with any such transactions.
Item 3.  Legal Proceedings
See Litigation and Regulatory Matters in
Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies
to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures
None
Part II
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Item 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The principal market on which our common stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “BAC.” As of February 24, 2025, there were 130,019 registered shareholders of common stock.
The table below presents common share repurchase activity for the three months ended December 31, 2024. The primary source  of  funds  for cash distributions by the Corporation to its
shareholders is dividends received from its bank subsidiaries. Each of the bank subsidiaries is subject to various regulatory policies and requirements relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain capital above regulatory minimums. All of the Corporation’s preferred stock outstanding has preference over the Corporation’s common stock with respect to payment of dividends.
(1)
Includes 183 thousand shares of the Corporation's common stock acquired by the Corporation in connection with satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock or restricted stock units and certain forfeitures and terminations of employment-related awards and for potential re-issuance to certain employees under equity incentive plans.
(2)
On July 24, 2024, the Board authorized a $25 billion common stock repurchase program, effective August 1, 2024, to replace the Corporation’s previous program, which expired on August 1, 2024. During the three months ended December 31, 2024, pursuant to the Board’s authorization, the Corporation repurchased approximately 78 million shares, or $3.5 billion, of its common stock. For more information, see Capital Management – CCAR and Capital Planning in the MD&A on page 48 and
Note 13 – Shareholders’ Equity
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Corporation did not have any unregistered sales of equity securities during the