and “critically undercapitalized.” Insured depository institutions that fail to meet certain of these capital levels are subject to increasingly strict limits on their activities, including their ability to make capital distributions, pay management compensation, grow assets and take other actions.
Subprime Loans
– Although a standard industry definition for subprime loans (including subprime mortgage loans) does not exist, the Corporation defines subprime loans as specific product offerings for higher risk borrowers.
Value-at-Risk (VaR)
– VaR is a model that simulates the value of a portfolio under a range of hypothetical scenarios in order to generate a distribution of potential gains and losses. VaR represents the loss the portfolio is expected to experience with a given confidence level based on historical data. A VaR model is an effective tool in estimating ranges of potential gains and losses on our trading portfolios.
Key Metrics
Active Digital Banking Users
–
Mobile and/or online active users over the past 90 days.
Active Mobile Banking Users
– Mobile active users over the past 90 days.
Book Value
– Ending common shareholders’ equity divided by ending common shares outstanding.
Common Equity Ratio -
Ending common shareholders’ equity divided by ending total assets.
Deposit Spread
–
Annualized net interest income divided by average deposits.
Dividend Payout Ratio
– Common dividends declared divided by net income applicable to common shareholders.
Efficiency Ratio
– Noninterest expense divided by total revenue, net of interest expense.
Gross Interest Yield
– Effective annual percentage rate divided by average loans.
Net Interest Yield
– Net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.
Operating Margin
– Income before income taxes divided by total revenue, net of interest expense.
Return on Average Allocated Capital
–
Adjusted net income divided by allocated capital.
Return on Average Assets
– Net income divided by total average assets.
Return on Average Common Shareholders
’
Equity
– Net income applicable to common shareholders divided by average common shareholders’ equity.
Return on Average Shareholders
’
Equity
– Net income divided by average shareholders’ equity.
Risk-adjusted Margi
n
– Difference between total revenue, net of interest expense, and net credit losses divided by average loans.
Acronyms
Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None
Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
As of the end of the period covered by this report and pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), Bank of America’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness and design of our disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, Bank of America’s Chief