positions would have been impacted in a directionally opposite way.
For equity derivatives, commodity derivatives, interest rate derivatives and structured liabilities, a significant change in long-dated rates and volatilities and correlation inputs (i.e., the degree of correlation between an equity security and an index, between two different commodities, between two different interest rates, or between interest rates and foreign exchange rates) would have resulted in a significant impact to the fair value; however, the magnitude and direction of the impact depend on whether the Corporation is long or short the exposure. For structured liabilities, a significant increase in yield or decrease in price would have resulted in a significantly lower fair value.
Nonrecurring Fair Value
The Corporation holds certain assets that are measured at fair value only in certain situations (e.g., the impairment of an asset), and these measurements are referred to herein as nonrecurring.
The amounts below represent assets still held as of the reporting date for which a nonrecurring fair value adjustment was recorded during 2024, 2023, and 2022.
(1)
Includes $
8
million, $
10
million and $
15
million of losses on loans that were written down to a collateral value of zero during 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
(2)
Amounts are included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and represent the carrying value of foreclosed properties that were written down subsequent to their initial classification as foreclosed properties. Losses on foreclosed properties include losses recorded during the first 90 days after transfer of a loan to foreclosed properties.
(3)
Excludes $
16
million and $
31
million of properties acquired upon foreclosure of certain government-guaranteed loans (principally FHA-insured loans) at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(4)
Represents the fair value of certain impaired renewable energy investments.
The table below presents information about significant unobservable inputs utilized in the Corporation's nonrecurring Level 3 fair value measurements at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(1)
The weighted average is calculated based upon the fair value of the loans.
(2)
Represents residential mortgages where the loan has been written down to the fair value of the underlying collateral.
(3)
Represents the fair value of certain impaired renewable energy investments.
n/a = not applicable
NOTE 21
Fair Value Option
Loans and Loan Commitments
The Corporation elects to account for certain loans and loan commitments that exceed the Corporation’s single-name credit risk concentration guidelines under the fair value option. Lending commitments are actively managed and, as appropriate, credit risk for these lending relationships may be mitigated through the use of credit derivatives, with the Corporation’s public side credit view and market perspectives determining the size and timing of the hedging activity. These credit derivatives do not meet the requirements