collateral values, unrelated to macroeconomic stress. Simultaneous drawdowns on lines of credit and/or an increase in a borrower’s leverage in a weakening economic environment, or otherwise, could result in deterioration in our credit portfolio, should borrowers be unable to fulfill competing financial obligations. Increased delinquency and default rates could adversely affect our credit portfolios and increase charge-offs and provisions for credit losses.
A recessionary environment and/or a rise in unemployment could adversely impact the ability of our consumer and/or commercial borrowers or counterparties to meet their financial obligations and negatively impact our credit portfolio. Consumers have been and may continue to be negatively impacted by inflation and/or a higher cost of living, resulting in drawdowns of savings or increases in household debt. Elevated interest rates, which have increased debt servicing costs for some businesses and households, may adversely impact credit quality, particularly in a recessionary environment. Certain sectors also remain at risk (e.g., commercial real estate,
particularly office) as a result of shifts in demand and tight financial and credit conditions. Globally, conditions of slow growth or recession could further contribute to weaker credit conditions. If the macroeconomic environment or certain sectors worsen, our credit portfolio, net charge-offs, provision and allowance for credit losses could be adversely impacted.
We establish an allowance for credit losses, which includes the allowance for loan and lease losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments, based on management's best estimate of lifetime expected credit losses (ECL) inherent in our relevant financial assets. The process to determine the allowance for credit losses uses models and assumptions that require us to make difficult and complex judgments that are often interrelated, including forecasting how borrowers or counterparties may perform in changing economic conditions. The ability of our borrowers or counterparties to repay their obligations may be impacted by changes in future economic conditions, which in turn could impact the accuracy of our loss forecasts and allowance estimates. There is also the possibility that we have failed or will fail to accurately identify the appropriate economic indicators or accurately estimate their impacts to our borrowers or counterparties, which could impact the accuracy of our loss forecasts and allowance estimates.
If the models, estimates and assumptions we use to establish reserves or the judgments we make in extending credit to our borrowers or counterparties, which are more sensitive due to the current uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, prove inaccurate in predicting future events, we may suffer losses in excess of our ECL. In addition, changes to external factors can negatively impact our recognition of credit losses in our portfolios and allowance for credit