We and our regulators have an
increased focus on information security. This includes cybersecurity incidents perpetrated against us, our clients, providers of products and services, counterparties and other third parties, the collection, use and sharing of data, and safeguarding of personally identifiable information and corporate data, as well as the development, implementation, use and management of emerging technologies, including AI, which have resulted in, and will likely continue to result in, related litigation or government enforcement, including with regard to compliance with U.S. and global
LRRs, and
could subject us to fines, judgments and/or settlements and involve reputational losses. We expect to also face
increasing scrutiny regarding sustainability-related policies, goals, targets and disclosure, which could result in litigation, regulatory investigations and actions and reputational harm. Misconduct, or the perception of misconduct, by our employees and representatives, including conflicts of interest, unethical, fraudulent, improper or illegal conduct, the failure to fulfill fiduciary obligations, unfair, deceptive, abusive or discriminatory business practices, or violations of policies, procedures or LRRs, including conduct that affects compliance with books and records requirements, have resulted and could result in further litigation and/or government investigations and enforcement actions, and cause significant reputational harm.
The global environment of extensive investigations, regulation, regulatory compliance burdens, litigation and regulatory enforcement, combined with uncertainty related to the continually evolving regulatory environment, have affected and are likely to continue to affect operational and compliance costs and risks, including the adaptation of business strategies, the limitation or cessation of our ability or feasibility to continue providing certain products and services and our employment practices. Lawsuits and regulatory actions have resulted in and will likely continue to result in judgments, orders, settlements, penalties and fines adverse to us, in amounts that may be significant or unpredictable, and in some cases, exceed the amount of reserves established. Litigation and investigation costs, substantial legal liability or significant regulatory or government action against us could adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, including liquidity, and results of operations, and/or cause significant reputational harm.
U.S. federal banking agencies may require increased capital and liquidity levels, which could adversely impact the Corporation.
We are subject to U.S. capital and liquidity regulations. These rules, among other things, establish minimum ratios relating to capital for different categories of assets and exposures to qualify as a well-capitalized institution. As a G-SIB, we are also required to hold additional capital buffers, including a G-SIB surcharge, a SCB and a