Globally, although many central banks have begun to remove monetary restriction, policy rates in many countries remain at elevated levels. While higher interest rates have generally had a positive impact on our net interest income, they have negatively impacted and could continue to negatively impact investment securities, deposits, loan demand and funding costs. In addition to higher interest rates, wider credit spreads can negatively impact capital and/or liquidity by reducing the value of debt securities. High and rising federal debt levels, investor concerns about the U.S. fiscal trajectory, changes to fiscal policy and uncertainty about the U.S. budget process could lead to lower investor appetite for U.S. debt securities, higher interest rates and financial market volatility, potentially impacting broader economic activity. Further, if the U.S. government’s debt ceiling limit is not raised timely, the ramifications may result in market volatility, ratings downgrades and limit fiscal policy responses to recessionary conditions. This could have a negative and potentially severe impact on the U.S. and world economy and financial and capital markets, including higher interest rates, higher volatility, lower asset values, lower liquidity, downgrades to U.S. debt, and a weakened U.S. dollar.
Changes to international trade and investment policies by the U.S. or other countries, and the uncertainty about potential changes, could negatively impact financial markets globally. Significant increases in tariff rates, either broadly applied or
targeted at specific goods or trading partners, including Canada, Latin America and the People’s Republic of China (China), could adversely impact economic conditions and/or result in higher inflation, which could result in financial market volatility as markets adjust to the incremental cost of doing business and/or new business models to reduce the impacts, as well as adversely impact asset prices. Also, escalation of tensions between the U.S. and China, including tariff increases, could lead to further U.S. measures that adversely affect financial markets, disrupt world trade and commerce and lead to trade retaliation, including through the use of counter tariffs, foreign exchange measures or the large-scale sale of U.S. Treasury bonds. Any restrictions on the activities of businesses, could also negatively affect financial markets.
These developments could adversely affect our businesses, clients, including demand for our products and services, our market-making activities, our and our clients’ securities and derivatives portfolios, including the risk of lower re-investment rates in those portfolios, our level of charge-offs and provision for credit losses, the carrying value of our deferred tax assets, our capital levels, our liquidity and our results of operations.
Increased market volatility and adverse changes in financial or capital market conditions may increase our market risk.
Our liquidity, competitive