BANA) charter. At December 31, 2024, the Corporation had $3.3 trillion in assets and a headcount of approximately 213,000 employees.
As of December 31, 2024, we served clients through operations across the U.S., its territories and more than 35 countries. Our retail banking footprint covers all major markets in the U.S., and we serve approximately 69 million consumer and small business clients with approximately 3,700 retail financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs, and leading digital banking platforms (www.bankofamerica.com) with approximately 48 million active users, including approximately 40 million active mobile users. We offer industry-leading support to approximately four million small business households. Our
GWIM
businesses, with client balances of $4.3 trillion, provide tailored solutions to meet client needs through a full set of investment management, brokerage, banking, trust and retirement products. We are a global leader in corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals around the world.
Recent Developments
Natural Disasters
Certain Bank of America communities, clients and teammates were significantly impacted by recent wildfires in California and by hurricanes in the southeastern U.S. during the second half of 2024. In response, Bank of America activated client assistance programs, donated to disaster relief efforts and provided additional support to teammates in the affected areas. The Corporation continues to evaluate the effects of the wildfires and hurricanes on its clients and communities and does not expect these natural disasters to have a material impact on its businesses, results of operations or financial condition.
Capital Management
On January 29, 2025, the Corporation’s Board of Directors (the Board) declared a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.26 per share, payable on March 28, 2025 to shareholders of record as of March 7, 2025.
For more information on our capital resources, see Capital Management beginning on page 48.
Financial Highlights
(1)
For definitions, see Key Metrics on page 170.
(2)
Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity is a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information and a corresponding reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measures defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP), see Non-GAAP Reconciliations on page 85.
Net income was $27.1 billion, or $3.21 per diluted share in 2024 compared to $26.5 billion, or $3.08 per diluted share in 2023. The increase in net income was due to higher noninterest income, partially offset by higher provision for credit losses, higher noninterest expense and lower net interest income.
For discussion and analysis of our consolidated and business segment results of operations for 2023 compared to 2022, see Financial Highlights and Business Segment Operations sections in the MD&A of