Common Share
The calculation of earnings per common share (EPS) and diluted EPS for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 is presented below. For more information on the calculation of EPS, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(1)
Includes incremental dilutive shares from preferred stock, restricted stock units, restricted stock and warrants.
For both the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024
,
62
million average dilutive potential common shares associated with the Series L preferred stock were not included in the diluted share count because the result would have been antidilutive under the “if-converted” method.
NOTE 14
Fair Value Measurements
Under applicable accounting standards, fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Corporation  determines the fair values of its financial instruments under applicable accounting standards and conducts a review of fair value hierarchy classifications on a quarterly basis. Transfers into or out of fair value hierarchy
classifications are made if the significant inputs used in the financial models measuring the fair values of the assets and liabilities become unobservable or observable in the current marketplace. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, there were no changes to valuation approaches or techniques that had, or are expected to have, a material impact on the Corporation’s consolidated financial position or results of operations.
For more information regarding the fair value hierarchy, how the Corporation measures fair value and valuation techniques, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles
and
Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  The  Corporation  accounts  for  certain  financial instruments under the fair value option. For more information, see
Note 15 – Fair Value Option
.
Recurring Fair Value
Assets and liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, including financial instruments that the Corporation accounts for under the fair value option, are summarized in the following tables.
(1)
Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and also cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties.
(2)
Includes securities with a fair value of $
11.3
billion that were segregated in compliance with securities regulations or deposited with clearing organizations. This amount is included in the parenthetical disclosure on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Trading account assets also includes certain commodities inventory of $
171
million