attempt to work with clients experiencing financial difficulty to modify their loans to terms that better align with their current ability to pay. For more information on our accounting policies regarding delinquencies, nonperforming status and net charge-offs for the commercial portfolio, see
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Management of Commercial Credit Risk Concentrations
Commercial credit risk is evaluated and managed with the goal that concentrations of credit exposure continue to be aligned with our risk appetite. We review, measure and manage concentrations of credit exposure by industry, product, geography, customer relationship and loan size. We also review, measure and manage commercial real estate loans by geographic location and property type. In addition, within our non-U.S. portfolio, we evaluate exposures by region and by country. Tables 32, 34 and 37 summarize our concentrations. We also utilize syndications of exposure to third parties, loan sales, hedging and other risk mitigation techniques to manage the size and risk profile of the commercial credit portfolio. For more information on our industry concentrations, see Table 34 and Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Industry Concentrations on page 67.
We account for certain large corporate loans and loan commitments, including issued but unfunded letters of credit which are considered utilized for credit risk management purposes, that exceed our single-name credit risk concentration guidelines under the fair value option. Lending commitments, both funded and unfunded, are actively managed and monitored, and as appropriate, credit risk for these lending relationships may be mitigated through the use of credit derivatives, with our credit view and market perspectives determining the size and timing of the hedging activity. In addition, we purchase credit protection to cover the funded portion as well as the unfunded portion of certain other credit exposures. To lessen the cost of obtaining our desired credit protection levels, credit exposure may be added within an industry, borrower or counterparty group by selling protection. These credit derivatives do not meet the requirements for treatment as accounting hedges. They are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in other income.
In addition, we are a member of various securities and derivative exchanges and clearinghouses, both in the U.S. and other countries. As a member, we may be required to pay a pro-rata share of the losses incurred by some of these organizations as a result of another member default and under other loss scenarios. For more information, see
Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Commercial Credit Portfolio
Outstanding commercial loans and leases increased $37.1 billion during 2024 due to growth in U.S. and Non-U.S. commercial, primarily in
Global Markets and Global Banking.