collateral and, in some cases, mortgage insurance or mortgage guarantee payments.
The notional amount of unresolved repurchase claims at December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $
2.1
billion and $
5.4
billion. These balances included $
837
million and $
2.2
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023 of claims related to loans in specific private-label securitization groups or tranches where the Corporation owns substantially all of the outstanding securities or will otherwise realize the benefit of any repurchase claims paid.
During 2024, the Corporation received $
181
million in new repurchase claims that were not time-barred. During 2024, $
3.5
billion in claims were resolved.
Reserve and Related Provision
The reserve for representations and warranties obligations and corporate guarantees was $
184
million and $
604
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023 and is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the related provision is included in other income in the Consolidated Statement of Income. The representations and warranties reserve represents the Corporation’s best estimate of probable incurred losses, is based on its experience in previous negotiations, and is subject to judgment, a variety of assumptions and known or unknown uncertainties. At December 31, 2024, the estimated range of possible loss in excess of the accrued representations and warranties reserve was not significant. Future representations and warranties losses may occur in excess of the amounts recorded for these exposures; however, the Corporation does not expect such amounts to be material to the Corporation's financial condition and liquidity.
Other Contingencies
In 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) issued a final rule to impose a special assessment to recover certain estimated losses to the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) arising from the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The estimated losses will be recovered through quarterly special assessments collected from certain insured depository institutions, including the Corporation, and collection began during the three months ended June 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation’s accrual for its estimated share of the FDIC special assessment was $
1.7
billion and $
2.1
billion. The Corporation continues to monitor the FDIC’s estimated loss to the DIF, which could affect the amount of its accrued liability.
Litigation and Regulatory Matters
In the ordinary course of business, the Corporation and its subsidiaries are routinely defendants in or parties to many pending and threatened legal, regulatory and governmental actions and proceedings. In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of such matters, particularly where the claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages or where the matters present novel legal theories or involve a large number of parties, the Corporation generally cannot predict the eventual outcome of