continues to respond to requests for information from other regulators, relating to certain aspects of its BSA/AML and Economic Sanctions Compliance Programs (Programs). Since late 2023, the Corporation has been working with regulators to make changes to its Programs and has already completed significant steps to satisfy requirements of the Consent Order. The Corporation does not believe that these issues relating to the Programs will have a material adverse financial impact on the Corporation.
CFPB Lawsuit Related to Processing Electronic Payments
On December 20, 2024, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) filed suit against BANA, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and Early Warning Services, LLC in the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona with respect to BANA’s and co-defendants’ processing of electronic payments of funds through the Zelle network.  The CFPB alleges that BANA and its co-defendants violated the Consumer Financial Protection Act by not adequately protecting consumers from fraud on the Zelle network and the Electronic Fund Transfer Act by not reasonably investigating and reimbursing disputed Zelle transfers, and seeks both monetary and injunctive relief.
Deposit Insurance Assessment
In 2017, the FDIC filed suit against BANA in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia (District Court) alleging that BANA underpaid assessments to the DIF in the 2012-2014 time frame in the amount of $
1.12
billion and asserting claims under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and for unjust enrichment. The FDIC Enforcement Section is also conducting a parallel investigation related to the same alleged underpayments. BANA disputes the FDIC’s claims and has asserted counterclaims challenging the FDIC’s regulations under the Administrative Procedure Act. Pending final resolution, BANA has pledged security satisfactory to the FDIC related to the disputed additional assessment amounts. On July 1, 2024, the District Court judge vacated the magistrate judge’s April 2023 report and recommendation for resolving the parties’ cross-motions for summary judgment, and asked the parties to file new motions. The parties subsequently filed their new summary judgment motions, which are pending.
LIBOR
Beginning in 2011, several individual and putative class actions were filed against the Corporation, BANA, and certain Merrill Lynch entities, as well as other banks on the U.S. Dollar LIBOR panel. These actions alleged that defendants manipulated LIBOR during the financial crisis and asserted a variety of claims, including federal and state antitrust, Commodity Exchange Act, Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, common law fraud, and breach of contract claims and sought compensatory, treble and punitive damages, and injunctive relief.  All remaining cases are pending in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. Defendants’ motion for summary judgment is