concentrations of credit risk, including with respect to our consumer real estate and consumer credit card exposure, as well as our commercial real estate and asset managers and funds portfolios, which represent a significant percentage of our overall credit portfolio. Declining home price valuations and demand where we have large concentrations could result in increased servicing advances and expenses, defaults, delinquencies or credit losses. The impacts of earthquakes, as well as climate change, such as rising average global temperatures and sea levels, and the increasing frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters, including droughts, floods, wildfires and hurricanes, could negatively impact collateral, the valuations of home or commercial real estate or our clients’ ability and/or willingness to pay fees, outstanding loans or afford new products. This could also cause insurability risk and/or increased insurance costs to clients. Economic weaknesses, particularly from increases in inflation or sustained elevated inflation, adverse business conditions, market disruptions, adverse economic or market events, rising interest or capitalization rates, declining asset prices, greater volatility in areas where we have concentrated credit risk or deterioration in real estate values or household incomes may cause us to experience higher credit losses in our portfolios or write down the value of certain assets. We could also experience continued and long-term negative impacts to our commercial credit exposure and an increase in credit losses within those industries that may be permanently impacted by a change in consumer preferences or other industry disruptions.
We also enter into transactions with sovereign nations, U.S. states and municipalities. Uncertain economic or political conditions or policies, such as economic sanctions or increased tariffs, disruptions to capital markets, currency fluctuations, changes in commodity prices and social instability, could adversely impact the operating budgets or credit ratings of government entities and expose us to credit and liquidity risk.
Liquidity disruptions in the financial markets may result in our inability to sell, syndicate or realize the value of our positions, increasing concentrations, which could increase RWA and the credit and market risk associated with our positions, and increase operational and litigation costs.
We may be adversely affected by weaknesses in the U.S. housing market.
During 2024, the U.S. housing market continued to be impacted by higher mortgage rates, including 30-year fixed-rate mortgages that more than doubled from 2021, and higher home prices (in varying degrees among markets) that have negatively impacted housing affordability and the demand for many of our products. Also, our mortgage loan production volume is generally influenced by the rate of growth in residential
mortgage debt outstanding and the size of the residential mortgage market,