loans (including subprime mortgage loans) does not exist, the Corporation defines subprime loans as specific product offerings for higher risk borrowers.
Value-at-Risk (VaR)
– VaR is a model that simulates the value of a portfolio under a range of hypothetical scenarios in order to generate a distribution of potential gains and losses. VaR represents the loss the portfolio is expected to experience with a given confidence level based on historical data. A VaR model is an effective tool in estimating ranges of potential gains and losses on our trading portfolios.
Key Metrics
Active Digital Banking Users
–
Mobile and/or online active users over the past 90 days.
Active Mobile Banking Users
– Mobile active users over the past 90 days.
Book Value
– Ending common shareholders’ equity divided by ending common shares outstanding.
Common Equity Ratio -
Ending common shareholders’ equity divided by ending total assets.
Deposit Spread
–
Annualized net interest income divided by average deposits.
Dividend Payout Ratio
– Common dividends declared divided by net income applicable to common shareholders.
Efficiency Ratio
– Noninterest expense divided by total revenue, net of interest expense.
Gross Interest Yield
– Effective annual percentage rate divided by average loans.
Net Interest Yield
– Net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.
Operating Margin
– Income before income taxes divided by total revenue, net of interest expense.
Return on Average Allocated Capital
–
Adjusted net income divided by allocated capital.
Return on Average Assets
– Net income divided by total average assets.
Return on Average Common Shareholders
’
Equity
– Net income applicable to common shareholders divided by average common shareholders’ equity.
Return on Average Shareholders
’
Equity
– Net income divided by average shareholders’ equity.
Risk-adjusted Margi
n
– Difference between total revenue, net of interest expense, and net credit losses divided by average loans.
Acronyms
Part II. Other Information
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Item 1.  Legal Proceedings
See Litigation and Regulatory Matters in
Note 10 – Commitments and Contingencies
to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference in this Item 1, for litigation and regulatory disclosure that supplements the disclosure in
Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies
to the
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 1A.  Risk Factors
There are no material changes from the risk factors set forth under Part 1, Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
The table below presents share repurchase activity for the three months ended March 31, 2025. The primary source of funds for cash distributions by the Corporation to its shareholders is dividends received from its banking subsidiaries. Each of the banking subsidiaries