operations through the following four business segments:
Consumer Banking
,
GWIM
,
Global Banking
and
Global Markets
, with the remaining operations recorded in
All Other
. We manage our segments and report their results on an FTE basis. The primary activities, products and businesses of the business segments and
All Other
are shown below.
We periodically review capital allocated to our businesses and allocate capital annually during the strategic and capital planning processes. We utilize a methodology that considers the effect of regulatory capital requirements in addition to internal risk-based capital models. Our internal risk-based capital models use a risk-adjusted methodology incorporating each segment’s credit, market, interest rate, business and operational risk components. For more information on the nature of these risks, see Managing Risk on page 45. The capital allocated to the business segments is referred to as allocated capital. Allocated equity in the reporting units is comprised of allocated capital plus capital for the portion of goodwill and intangibles specifically assigned to the reporting unit. For more information, including the definition of a reporting unit, see
Note 7 – Goodwill and Intangible Assets
to the Consolidated Financial Statements
.
For more information on our presentation of financial information on an FTE basis, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 30, and for reconciliations to consolidated total revenue, net income and year-end total assets, see
Note 23 – Business Segment Information
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Key Performance Indicators
We present certain key financial and nonfinancial performance indicators that management uses when evaluating segment results. We believe they are useful to investors because they provide additional information about our segments’ operational performance, client trends and business growth.
Consumer Banking
(1)
Estimated at the segment level only.
(2)
In segments and businesses where the total of liabilities and equity exceeds assets, we allocate assets from
All Other
to match the segments’ and businesses’ liabilities and allocated shareholders’ equity. As a result, total earning assets and total assets of the businesses may not equal total
Consumer Banking
.
Consumer Banking,
comprised of Deposits and Consumer Lending, offers a diversified range of credit, banking and investment products and services to consumers and small businesses. Deposits and Consumer Lending include the net impact of migrating customers and their related deposit, brokerage asset and loan balances between Deposits, Consumer Lending and
GWIM
, as well as other client-managed businesses. Our customers and clients have access to a coast-to-coast network including financial centers in 39 states and the District of Columbia. As of December 31, 2024, our network includes approximately 3,700 financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs, nationwide call centers and leading digital banking