Corporation. Eligible long-term debt for TLAC ratios is comprised of unsecured debt that has a remaining maturity of at least one year and satisfies additional requirements  as  prescribed  in  the TLAC final rule. As with the
risk-based capital ratios and SLR, the Corporation is required to maintain TLAC ratios in excess of minimum requirements plus applicable buffers to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. Table 11 presents the Corporation's TLAC and long-term debt ratios and related information as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
(1)
TLAC ratios as of December 31, 2024 were calculated using the regulatory capital rule that allowed a five-year transition period related to the adoption of the CECL accounting standard on January 1, 2020.
(2)
The TLAC RWA regulatory minimum consists of 18.0 percent plus a TLAC RWA buffer comprised of 2.5 percent plus the Method 1 G-SIB surcharge of 1.5 percent. The countercyclical buffer is zero for both periods. The TLAC supplementary leverage exposure regulatory minimum consists of 7.5 percent plus a 2.0 percent TLAC leverage buffer. The TLAC RWA and leverage buffers must be comprised solely of CET1 capital and Tier 1 capital, respectively.
(3)
The long-term debt RWA regulatory minimum is comprised of 6.0 percent plus the Corporation’s G-SIB surcharge of 3.0 percent. The long-term debt leverage exposure regulatory minimum is 4.5 percent.
(4)
The approach that yields the higher RWA is used to calculate TLAC and long-term debt ratios, which was the Standardized approach as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Regulatory Developments
On April 17, 2025, the Federal Reserve Board issued a notice of proposed rulemaking (NPR) to reduce the volatility of the stress capital buffer requirement. Under the NPR, results from the two most recent annual supervisory stress tests would be averaged. In addition, the annual effective date of the stress capital buffer requirement would change from October 1st of the current year to January 1st of the following year to provide banks with additional time to comply with their new capital requirements.
Regulatory Capital and Securities Regulation
The Corporation’s principal U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are BofA Securities, Inc. (BofAS) and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S). The Corporation's principal European subsidiaries undertaking broker-dealer activities are Merrill Lynch International (MLI) and BofA Securities Europe SA (BofASE).
The U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the net capital requirements of Rule 15c3-1 under the Exchange Act. BofAS computes its capital requirements as an alternative net capital broker-dealer under Rule 15c3-1e, and MLPF&S computes its capital requirements in accordance with the alternative standard under Rule 15c3-1. BofAS is registered as a futures commission merchant and is subject to Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Regulation