estimates are summarized in the following discussion. We have identified and described the development of the variables most important in the estimation processes that involve mathematical models to derive the estimates. In many cases, there are numerous alternative judgments that could be used in the process of determining the inputs to the models. Where alternatives exist, we have used the factors that we believe represent the most reasonable value in developing the inputs. Actual performance that differs from our estimates of the key variables could materially impact our results of operations. Separate from the possible future impact to our results of operations from input and model variables, the value of our lending portfolio and market-sensitive assets and liabilities may change subsequent to the balance sheet date, often significantly, due to the nature and magnitude of future credit and market conditions. Such credit and market conditions may change quickly and in unforeseen ways and the resulting volatility could have a significant, negative effect on future operating results. These fluctuations would not be indicative of deficiencies in our models or inputs.
Allowance for Credit Losses
The allowance for credit losses includes the allowance for loan and lease losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments. Our process for determining the allowance for credit losses is discussed in
Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles
and
Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The determination of the allowance for credit losses is based on numerous estimates and assumptions, which require a high degree of judgment and are often interrelated. A critical judgment in the process is the weighting of our forward-looking macroeconomic scenarios that are incorporated into our quantitative models. As any one economic outlook is inherently uncertain, the Corporation uses multiple macroeconomic scenarios in its expected credit losses (ECL) calculation, which have included a baseline scenario derived from consensus estimates, an adverse scenario reflecting a moderate recession, a downside scenario reflecting continued inflation and interest rates above the baseline scenario, a tail risk scenario similar to the severely adverse scenario used in stress testing and an upside scenario that considers the potential for improvement above the baseline scenario. The overall economic outlook is weighted to reflect a moderate growth environment, with lower gross domestic product (GDP) growth and higher unemployment rate expectations as compared to what we experienced in 2024. Generally, as the consensus estimates improve or deteriorate, the allowance for credit losses will change in a similar direction.
There are multiple variables that drive the macroeconomic scenarios with the key variables including, but not limited to, U.S. real GDP and unemployment rates. As of December 31,