table presents net income (loss) and the components thereto (with net interest income on an FTE basis for the business segments,
All Other
and the total Corporation) for 2024, 2023 and 2022, and total assets at December 31, 2024 and 2023 for each business segment, as well as
All Other.
(1)
Segment results are presented on an FTE basis and include additional net interest income and income tax expense, related to tax-exempt securities, of $
619
million, $
567
million and $
438
million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as compared to the Consolidated Statement of Income.
(2)
There were no material intersegment revenues.
(3)
Represents the compensation and benefits directly incurred by each segment.
The table below presents noninterest income and the associated components for 2024, 2023 and 2022, for each business segment,
All Other
and the total Corporation. For more information, see
Note 2 – Net Interest Income and Noninterest Income
.
NOTE 24
Parent Company Information
The following tables present the Parent Company-only financial information.
NOTE 25
Performance by Geographical Area
The Corporation’s operations are highly integrated with operations in both U.S. and non-U.S. markets. The non-U.S. business activities are largely conducted in Europe, the Middle East and Africa and in Asia. The Corporation identifies its geographic performance based on the business unit structure used to manage the capital or expense deployed in the region
as applicable. This requires certain judgments related to the allocation of revenue so that revenue can be appropriately matched with the related capital or expense deployed in the region.
Certain asset, liability, income and expense amounts have been allocated to arrive at total assets, total revenue, net of interest expense, income before income taxes and net income by geographic area as presented below.
(1)
Total assets include long-lived assets, which are primarily located in the U.S.
(2)
There were no material intercompany revenues between geographic regions for any of the periods presented.
(3)
Substantially reflects the U.S.
Glossary
Alt-A Mortgage
–
A type of U.S. mortgage that is considered riskier than A-paper, or “prime,” and less risky than “subprime,” the riskiest category. Typically, Alt-A mortgages are characterized by borrowers with less than full documentation, lower credit scores and higher LTVs.
Assets Under Management (AUM)
– The total market value of assets under the investment advisory and/or discretion of
GWIM
which generate asset management fees based on a percentage of the assets’ market values. AUM reflects assets that are generally managed for institutional, high net worth and retail clients, and are distributed through various investment products including mutual funds, other commingled vehicles and separate accounts.
Banking Book
– All on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments of the Corporation except for those positions that are held for trading purposes.
Brokerage and Other