regulations and intercompany arrangements entered into in connection with the Corporation’s resolution plan could restrict the availability of funds from subsidiaries to the Corporation, which could adversely affect the Corporation’s ability to make payments under its guarantees. In addition, the obligations of the Corporation under the guarantees of the Guaranteed Securities will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of its subsidiaries, and claimants should look only to assets of the Corporation for payments. If the Corporation, as guarantor of the Guaranteed Notes, transfers all or substantially all of its assets to one or more direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiaries, under the indenture governing the Guaranteed Notes, the subsidiary or subsidiaries will not be required to assume the Corporation’s obligations under its guarantee of the Guaranteed Notes.
For more information on factors that may affect payments to holders of the Guaranteed Securities, see Liquidity Risk – NB Holdings Corporation in this section, Item 1. Business – Insolvency and the Orderly Liquidation Authority on page 6 and Item 1A. Risk Factors – Liquidity on page 9.
Representations and Warranties Obligations
For information on representations and warranties obligations in connection with the sale of mortgage loans, see
Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Credit Risk Management
Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from the inability or failure of a borrower or counterparty to meet its obligations. Credit risk can also arise from operational failures that result in an erroneous advance, commitment or investment of funds. We define the credit exposure to a borrower or counterparty as the loss potential arising from all product classifications including loans and leases, deposit overdrafts, derivatives, assets held-for-sale and unfunded lending commitments, which include loan commitments, letters of credit and financial guarantees. Derivative positions are recorded at fair value, and assets held-for-sale  are  recorded  at either fair value or the lower of cost or
fair value. Certain loans and unfunded commitments are accounted for under the fair value option. Credit risk for categories of assets carried at fair value is not accounted for as part of the allowance for credit losses but as part of the fair value adjustments recorded in earnings. For derivative positions, our credit risk is measured as the net cost in the event the counterparties with contracts in which we are in a gain position fail to perform under the terms of those contracts. We use the current fair value to represent credit exposure without giving consideration to future mark-to-market changes. The credit risk amounts take into consideration the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral. Our consumer and commercial credit extension and review procedures encompass funded and unfunded credit