maturity characteristics and investment securities premium amortization. Our overall goal is to manage interest rate risk so that movements in interest rates do not significantly adversely affect earnings and capital.
Table 43 presents the spot and 12-month forward rates used in developing the forward curve used in our baseline forecasts at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Table 44 shows the potential pretax impact to forecasted net interest income over the next 12 months from December 31, 2024 and 2023 resulting from instantaneous parallel and non-parallel shocks to the market-based forward curve. Periodically, we evaluate the scenarios presented so that they are meaningful in the context of the current rate environment.
(1)
Dynamic Deposit sensitivity reflects behavioral customer deposit balance changes that could occur under various scenarios while Static Deposits assumes no deposit balance change.
n/a=not applicable
We continue to be asset sensitive to a parallel upward move in interest rates with the majority of that impact coming from the short end of the yield curve. Additionally, higher interest rates negatively impact the fair value of our debt securities classified as available for sale and adversely affect accumulated OCI and thus capital levels under the Basel 3 capital rules. Under instantaneous upward parallel shifts, the near-term adverse impact to Basel 3 capital would be reduced over time by offsetting positive impacts to net interest income generated from banking book activities. For more information on Basel 3, see Capital Management – Regulatory Capital on page 49.
As part of our ALM activities, we use securities, certain residential mortgages, and interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives in managing interest rate sensitivity. The sensitivity analysis in Table 44 assumes that we take no action in response to these rate shocks and does not assume any change in other macroeconomic variables normally correlated with changes in interest rates. Beginning in the second quarter of 2024, the sensitivity analysis incorporates potential movements in customer behavior that could result in changes in both total customer deposit balances and deposit balance mix, (e.g., interest bearing versus noninterest bearing), under the various interest rate scenarios. In higher rate scenarios, the analysis assumes that a portion of low-cost or noninterest-bearing deposits are replaced with higher yielding deposits or market-based funding. Conversely, in lower rate scenarios, the analysis assumes that a portion of higher yielding deposits or market-based funding are replaced with low-cost or noninterest-bearing deposits.
For larger interest rate scenarios, the interest rate sensitivity may behave in a non-linear manner as there are numerous estimates and assumptions, which require a high degree of judgment and are often interrelated, that could impact the outcome. Pertaining to the mortgage-backed securities and residential mortgage portfolio, if