support its business activities and aligns with risk, risk appetite and strategic planning. For more information, see Capital Management in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
CCAR and Capital Planning
The Federal Reserve requires BHCs to submit a capital plan and planned capital actions on an annual basis, consistent with the rules governing the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) capital plan and associated stress capital buffer (SCB) requirement, which include supervisory stress testing by the Federal Reserve. Based on 2024 CCAR stress test results, our SCB is 3.2 percent effective from October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025. In April 2025, we submitted our 2025 CCAR capital plan and related supervisory stress tests. The Federal Reserve has indicated that it will disclose CCAR capital plan supervisory stress test results by June 30, 2025.
The Board authorized a $25 billion common stock repurchase program, effective August 1, 2024. Pursuant to Board authorization, during the three months ended March 31, 2025, we repurchased $4.5 billion of common stock. For more information, see Part II, Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds on page 93 and Capital Management – CCAR and Capital Planning in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The timing and amount of common stock repurchases are subject to various factors, including the Corporation’s capital
position, liquidity, financial performance and alternative uses of capital, stock trading price, regulatory requirements and general market conditions, and may be suspended at any time. Such repurchases may be effected through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including repurchase plans that satisfy the conditions of Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act).
Additionally, as part of our planned capital actions, during the first quarter of 2025, the Corporation paid common stock dividends of $1.9 billion.
Regulatory Capital
As a BHC, we are subject to regulatory capital rules, including Basel 3, issued by U.S. banking regulators. The Corporation's depository institution subsidiaries are also subject to the Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) framework. The Corporation and its primary affiliated banking entity, BANA, are Advanced approaches institutions under Basel 3 and are required to report regulatory risk-based capital ratios and risk weighted assets (RWA) under both the Standardized and Advanced approaches. The lower of the capital ratios under Standardized or Advanced approaches compared to their respective regulatory capital ratio requirements is used to assess capital adequacy, including under the PCA framework. As of March 31, 2025, the Corporation’s binding ratio was the Tier 1 capital ratio under the Standardized approach.
Minimum Capital Requirements
In order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to