Climate risk is divided into two major categories, both of which span the seven key risk types discussed in Managing Risk on page 16: (1) Physical Risk: risks related to the physical impacts of climate change, driven by extreme weather events such as hurricanes and floods, as well as chronic longer-term shifts such as rising average global temperatures and sea levels, and (2) Transition Risk: risks related to the transition to a low-carbon economy, which may entail extensive policy, legal, technology and market changes.
Physical risks of climate change, such as more frequent and severe extreme weather events, can increase the Corporation’s risks, including credit risk by diminishing borrowers’ repayment capacity or collateral values, and operational risk by negatively impacting the Corporation’s facilities, employees, or third parties. Transition risks of climate change may amplify credit risks through the financial impacts of changes in policy, technology or the market on the Corporation or our counterparties. Unanticipated market changes can lead to sudden price adjustments and give rise to heightened market risk.
Our approach to managing climate risk is consistent with our risk management governance structure, from senior management to our Board and its committees, including the ERC and the Corporate Governance Committee (CGC) of the Board, which regularly discuss climate-related topics. The ERC oversees climate risk as set forth in our Risk Framework and  Risk Appetite Statement. The CGC is responsible for overseeing the Corporation’s environmental sustainability-related activities and practices, and regularly reviews the Corporation’s related initiatives and policies.
Our Climate Risk Council consists of leaders across risk, Front Line Unit (FLU) and control functions, and meets routinely to discuss our approach to managing climate-related risks. The Corporation has a Climate and Environmental Risk Management function that is responsible for overseeing climate risk management. They are responsible for establishing the Climate Risk Framework (described below) and governance structure, and providing an independent assessment of enterprise-wide climate risks.
Based on the Corporation’s Risk Framework, we created our internal Climate Risk Framework, which addresses various global climate-related laws, rules, regulations and guidance.  The framework describes how the Corporation identifies, measures, monitors and controls climate risk by enhancing existing risk management processes, includes examples of how climate risk manifests across the seven risk types, and details the roles and responsibilities for climate risk management across our three lines of defense (i.e., FLUs, Global Risk Management and Corporate Audit).
For more information on our governance framework, see the Managing Risk section in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. For more information on climate risk, see Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Corporation’s