brokerage accounts to fund their businesses. Intercompany arrangements we entered into in connection with our resolution planning submissions could restrict the amount of funding available to the parent company from our subsidiaries under certain adverse conditions.
Additional restrictions on transactions with certain related parties, increased capital and liquidity requirements and additional limitations on the use of funds on deposit in bank or brokerage accounts, as well as lower earnings, can reduce the amount of funds available to meet the obligations of the parent company and may require the parent company to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries. Regulatory action that requires additional liquidity at each of our subsidiaries could impede access to funds we need to pay our obligations or pay dividends. In addition, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors.
Bank of America Corporation’s liquidity and financial condition, and the ability to pay dividends and obligations, could be adversely affected in the event of a resolution.
Bank of America Corporation, our parent holding company, is required to submit a plan to the FDIC and Federal Reserve every two years describing its resolution strategy under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of material financial distress or failure. Bank of America Corporation’s preferred resolution strategy is a “single point of entry” strategy, whereby only the parent holding company would file for bankruptcy under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Certain key operating subsidiaries would be provided with sufficient capital and liquidity to operate through severe stress and to enable such subsidiaries to continue operating or be wound down in a solvent manner following a bankruptcy of the parent holding company. Bank of America Corporation has entered into intercompany arrangements resulting in the contribution of most of its capital and liquidity to key subsidiaries. Pursuant to these arrangements, if Bank of America Corporation’s liquidity resources deteriorate so severely that resolution becomes imminent, it will no longer be able to draw liquidity from its key subsidiaries and will be required to contribute its remaining financial assets to a wholly-owned holding company subsidiary. This could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, including the ability to meet our payment obligations, and our ability to pay dividends and/or repurchase our common stock.
If the FDIC and Federal Reserve jointly determine that Bank of America Corporation’s resolution plan is not credible, they could impose more stringent capital or liquidity requirements or restrictions on our growth, activities or operations. We could also be required to take certain actions that could impose operating costs and result in the divestiture of assets or restructuring of businesses and subsidiaries.
When a