where substantially all of the economic exposure to the transferred financial assets is retained through derivatives (e.g., interest rate and/or credit), but the Corporation does not retain control over the assets transferred. At both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Corporation had transferred $
3.9
billion of non-U.S. government-guaranteed mortgage-backed securities to a third-party trust and retained economic exposure to the transferred assets through derivative contracts. In connection with these transfers, the Corporation received gross cash proceeds of $
3.9
billion at both transfer dates. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the fair value of the transferred securities was $
3.7
billion and $
3.6
billion.
Sales and Trading Revenue
The Corporation enters into trading derivatives to facilitate client transactions and to manage risk exposures arising from trading account  assets  and  liabilities.  It is the Corporation’s policy to
include these derivative instruments in its trading activities, which include derivatives and non-derivative cash instruments. The resulting risk from these derivatives is managed on a portfolio basis as part of the Corporation’s
Global Markets
business segment. For more information on sales and trading revenue, see
Note 3 – Derivatives
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The table below, which includes both derivatives and non-derivative cash instruments, identifies the amounts in the respective income statement line items attributable to the Corporation’s sales and trading revenue in
Global Markets
, categorized by primary risk, for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. This table includes debit valuation adjustment (DVA) and funding valuation adjustment (FVA) gains (losses).
Global Markets
results in
Note 17 – Business Segment Information
are presented on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis. The table below is not presented on an FTE basis.
(1)
Represents amounts in investment and brokerage services and other income that are recorded in
Global Markets
and included in the definition of sales and trading revenue. Includes investment and brokerage services revenue of $
626
million and $
494
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
(2)
Includes commodity risk.
Credit Derivatives
The Corporation enters into credit derivatives primarily to facilitate client transactions and to manage credit risk exposures. Credit derivatives are classified as investment and non-investment grade based on the credit quality of the underlying referenced obligation. The Corporation considers ratings of BBB- or higher as investment grade. Non-investment grade includes non-rated credit derivative instruments. The Corporation discloses internal categorizations of investment grade and non-investment grade consistent with how risk is managed for these instruments. For more information on credit derivatives, see
Note 3 – Derivatives
to the