value option. For additional exclusions from nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties, see Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Nonperforming Consumer Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity on page 29 and corresponding Table 24 and Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Nonperforming Commercial Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity on page 33 and corresponding Table 30.
(6)
For more information, including which approach is used to assess capital adequacy, see Capital Management on page 16.
(1)
Includes the impact of interest rate risk management contracts. For more information, see Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book on page 40.
(2)
Nonperforming loans are included in the respective average loan balances. Income on these nonperforming loans is generally recognized on a cost recovery basis.
(3)
Includes U.S. commercial real estate loans of $59.8 billion and $66.2 billion, and non-U.S. commercial real estate loans of $5.9 billion and $5.8 billion for the first quarter of 2025 and 2024.
(4)
Includes $53.7 billion and $44.1 billion of structured notes and liabilities for the first quarter of 2025 and 2024.
(5)
Net interest income includes FTE adjustments of $145 million and $158 million for the first quarter of 2025 and 2024.
Business Segment Operations
Segment Description and Basis of Presentation
We report our results of operations through four business segments:
Consumer Banking
,
GWIM
,
Global Banking
and
Global Markets
, with the remaining operations recorded in
All Other
. We manage our segments and report their results on an FTE basis. For more information, see Business Segment Operations in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
We periodically review capital allocated to our businesses and allocate capital annually during the strategic and capital planning processes. We utilize a methodology that considers the effect of regulatory capital requirements in addition to internal risk-based capital models. The capital allocated to the business segments is referred to as allocated capital. Allocated equity in the reporting units is comprised of allocated capital plus capital
for the portion of goodwill and intangibles specifically assigned to the reporting unit. For more information, including the definition of a reporting unit, see
Note 7 – Goodwill and Intangible Assets
to the Consolidated Financial Statements
.
For more information on our presentation of financial information on an FTE basis, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 5, and for reconciliations to consolidated total revenue, net income and period-end total assets, see
Note 17 – Business Segment Information
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Key Performance Indicators
We present certain key financial and nonfinancial performance indicators that management uses when evaluating segment results. We believe they are useful to investors because they provide additional information about our