financial instruments, including loans and loan commitments, securities financing agreements, asset-backed secured financings, derivative assets and liabilities, debt securities, marketable equity securities and certain other assets and liabilities that we measure at fair value and are subject to valuation and impairment assessments. We determine these values based on applicable accounting guidance, which, for financial instruments measured at fair value, requires an entity to base fair value on exit price and to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs in fair value measurements. The fair values of these financial instruments include adjustments for market liquidity, credit quality, funding impact on certain derivatives and other transaction-specific factors, where appropriate.
Gains or losses on these instruments can have a direct impact on our results of operations, unless we have effectively mitigated the risk of our exposures. Increases in interest rates may cause decreases in residential mortgage loan originations and could impact the origination of corporate debt. In addition, increases in interest rates or changes in spreads may continue to adversely impact the fair value of our debt securities and, accordingly, for debt securities classified as available-for-sale (AFS), adversely affect accumulated other comprehensive income and, thus, our capital levels. Increases in interest rates or changes in spreads could also adversely impact our regulatory liquidity position and requirements, which include eligible AFS debt securities and held-to-maturity (HTM) debt securities. As our liquidity is dependent on the fair value of these assets, increases in market interest rates and/or wider spreads, have adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact the fair value of debt securities, adversely affecting liquidity levels.
Fair values may be impacted by declining values of the underlying assets or the prices at which observable market transactions occur and the continued availability of these transactions or indices. The financial strength of counterparties, with whom we have economically hedged some of our exposure to these assets, also will affect the fair value of these assets. Sudden declines and volatility in the prices of assets may curtail or eliminate trading activities in these assets, which may make it difficult to sell, hedge or value these assets. The inability to sell or effectively hedge assets reduces our ability to limit losses in such positions, and the difficulty in valuing assets may increase our risk-weighted assets (RWA), which requires us to maintain additional capital and increases our funding costs. Values of AUM also impact revenues in our wealth management and related advisory businesses for asset-based management and performance fees. Declines in values of AUM can result in lower fees earned for managing such assets.
Liquidity
If we are unable to access the capital markets,