losses reported in market making and similar activities. HTM debt securities are debt securities that management has the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are reported at amortized cost. If more than
85
percent of the principal has been collected on level-payment mortgage-backed HTM debt securities since their acquisition, the debt securities, if disposed, are treated as matured for classification purposes.
The Corporation evaluates each AFS security where the value has declined below amortized cost. If the Corporation intends to sell or believes it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the debt security, it is written down to fair value through earnings. For AFS debt securities the Corporation intends to hold, the Corporation evaluates the debt securities for ECL, except for debt securities that are guaranteed by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agencies or sovereign entities of high credit quality where the Corporation applies a zero credit loss assumption. For the remaining AFS debt securities, the Corporation considers qualitative parameters such as internal and external credit ratings and the value of underlying collateral. If an AFS debt security fails any of the qualitative parameters, a discounted cash flow analysis is used by the Corporation to determine if a portion of the unrealized loss is a result of an ECL. The Corporation will then recognize either credit loss expense or a reversal of credit loss expense in other income for the amount necessary to adjust the debt securities valuation allowance to its current estimate of expected credit losses. Cash flows expected to be collected are estimated using all relevant information available such as remaining payment terms, prepayment speeds, the financial condition of the issuer, expected defaults and the value of the underlying collateral. If any of the decline in fair value is related to market factors, that amount is recognized in accumulated OCI. In certain instances, the credit loss may exceed the total decline in fair value, in
which case, the allowance recorded is limited to the difference between the amortized cost and the fair value of the asset.
The Corporation separately evaluates its HTM debt securities for any credit losses, of which substantially all qualify for the zero loss assumption. For the remaining securities, the Corporation performs a discounted cash flow analysis to estimate any credit losses which are then recognized as part of the allowance for credit losses.
Interest on debt securities, including amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, is included in interest income. Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted to interest income at a constant effective yield over the contractual lives of the securities. Realized gains and losses from the sales or dispositions of debt securities are determined using the specific identification method.
Equity securities with readily determinable fair values that are not held for