financial, social or judicial instability, economic sanctions, changes in government leadership, including from electoral outcomes or otherwise, changes in governmental or central bank policies, expropriation, nationalization and/or confiscation of assets, price controls, high inflation, natural disasters, the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, capital controls, currency re-denomination risk from a country exiting the EU or otherwise, currency fluctuations, foreign exchange controls or movements (caused by devaluation or de-pegging), unfavorable political and diplomatic developments, oil price fluctuations and changes in legislation. These risks are especially elevated in emerging markets.
Political and economic interactions between the U.S. and important trading partners, including China, but also more broadly across the EU, Latin America and Canada, may result in sanctions, further tariff increases or other restrictive actions on cross-border trade, investment and transfer of data and information technology. Such actions, which may also include actions taken against other countries to enforce trade restrictions, could reduce trade volumes, result in further supply chain disruptions, increase costs for producers, and adversely affect our businesses and revenues, as well as our clients and counterparties, including their credit quality.
Slowing growth, recessionary conditions, adverse geopolitical conditions and political or civil unrest, foreign trade competition, labor shortages, wage pressures and elevated inflation in certain countries pose challenges, including from volatility in financial markets. Foreign exchange rates against the U.S. dollar remain uncertain and potentially volatile, and depreciation could increase our financial risks with clients that deal in non-U.S. currencies but have U.S. dollar-denominated debt.
We invest or trade in the securities of corporations and governments located in non-U.S. jurisdictions, including emerging markets. Revenues from the trading of non-U.S. securities may be subject to negative fluctuations as a result of the above factors. Furthermore, the impact of these fluctuations could be magnified because non-U.S. trading markets, particularly in emerging markets, are generally smaller, less liquid and more volatile than U.S. trading markets. Risks in one nation can limit our opportunities for portfolio growth and negatively affect our operations in other nations, including our U.S. operations. Market and economic disruptions may affect consumer confidence levels and spending, corporate investment and job creation, bankruptcy rates, levels of incurrence and default on consumer and corporate debt, economic growth rates and asset values, among other factors.
Elevated government debt levels raise the risk of volatility, significant valuation changes and political tensions regarding fiscal policy or defaults on or devaluation of sovereign debt, all of which could expose us to