in the prior commitments and contingencies disclosure, whether a loss in excess of any accrued liability is reasonably possible in future periods. Once the loss contingency is deemed to be both probable and estimable, the Corporation will establish an accrued liability and record a corresponding amount of litigation-related expense. The Corporation continues to monitor the matter for further developments that could affect the amount of the accrued liability that has been previously established. Excluding expenses of internal and external legal service providers, litigation and regulatory investigation-related expense of $
156
million and $
97
million was recognized for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
For any matter disclosed in this Note and in the prior commitments and contingencies disclosure for which a loss in future periods is reasonably possible and estimable (whether in excess of an accrued liability or where there is no accrued liability), the Corporation’s estimated range of possible loss is $
0
to $
0.8
billion in excess of the accrued liability, if any, as of March 31, 2025.
The accrued liability and estimated range of possible loss are based upon currently available information and subject to significant judgment, a variety of assumptions and known and unknown uncertainties. The matters underlying the accrued liability and estimated range of possible loss are unpredictable and may change from time to time, and actual losses may vary significantly from the current estimate and accrual. The estimated range of possible loss does not represent the Corporation’s maximum loss exposure.
Information is provided below and in the prior commitments and contingencies disclosure regarding the nature of the litigation or other contingency and, where specified, associated claimed damages. Based on current knowledge, and taking into account accrued liabilities, management does not believe that loss contingencies arising from pending matters, including the matters described below and in the prior commitments and contingencies disclosure, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition or liquidity of the Corporation. However, in light of the significant judgment, variety of assumptions and uncertainties involved in those matters, some of which are beyond the Corporation’s control, and the very large or indeterminate damages sought in some of those matters, an adverse outcome in one or more of those matters could be material to the Corporation’s business or results of operations for any particular reporting period, or cause significant reputational harm.
CFPB Lawsuit Related to Processing Electronic Payments
On March 4, 2025, the CFPB dismissed the lawsuit with prejudice.
Deposit Insurance Assessment
On March 31, 2025, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia (District Court) granted the FDIC’s motion for summary judgment in the amount of $
540
million plus interest, related to assessments to the