instituted legal proceedings against Booking.com B.V. and this litigation has been going on for many years, with multiple judgments from courts. In January 2024, The Hague Court of Appeal ruled that Booking.com B.V. is required to participate in the mandatory pension scheme of the BPF with retroactive effect to 1999. Booking.com B.V. filed an appeal against that judgment and this appeal was rejected by the Supreme Court in March 2025. Booking.com B.V. will now change its pension scheme retroactively and going forward in line with the outcome of the litigation and arrangement with BPF. The Company recorded a liability for this matter with $
196
million and $
336
million included in "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The reduction in the accrual during the three months ended March 31, 2025, reflecting the arrangement with BPF which became effective during the period, is recorded in "Personnel" expenses in the Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Operations.
From time to time, the Company notifies the competent data protection authority, such as the Dutch data protection authority in accordance with its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation, of certain data security incidents. Should, for example, the Dutch data protection authority decide these incidents were the result of inadequate technical and organizational security measures or practices, it may impose a fine or require other commitments.
16
The Company has been, is currently, and expects to continue to be, subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including claims of alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. Such claims could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, divert management's attention, and adversely affect the Company's business, reputation, results of operations, and cash flows.
The Company accrues for certain other legal contingencies where it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Such accrued amounts are not material to the Company's balance sheets and provisions recorded have not been material to the Company's results of operations or cash flows.
Other Contractual Obligations and Contingencies
The Company had $
959
million and $
650
million of standby letters of credit and bank guarantees issued on behalf of the Company as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, including those issued under the revolving credit facility (see Note 9). These were obtained primarily for regulatory purposes and in connection with certain of the litigation matters disclosed above.
Booking.com offers partner liability insurance that provides protection to certain accommodation partners ("home partners") in instances where a reservation has been made via Booking.com. The partner liability insurance may provide those home