additional tax liabilities. The final determination of tax audits or disputes may be different from what is reflected in our historical tax provisions and accruals. We have been audited in many taxing jurisdictions. If audits find that additional taxes are due, we may be subject to incremental tax liabilities, possibly including interest and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending litigation or audit proceedings could encourage the commencement of additional litigation, audit proceedings, or other regulatory inquiries.
Governments have sought to increase tax revenues, which has contributed to an increase in audit activity, more aggressive positions taken by tax authorities, more time and difficulty to resolve audits or disputes, and an increase in new tax legislation. Additional taxes or other assessments may be in excess of our current tax provisions or may require us to modify our business practices in order to reduce our exposure to additional taxes going forward, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
The U.S.'s Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act") introduced a tax on 50% of global intangible low-taxed income ("GILTI"), which is income determined to be in excess of a specified routine rate of return on qualifying business assets. The Tax Act further introduced a base erosion and anti-abuse tax ("BEAT") aimed at preventing the erosion of the U.S. tax base and a new tax deduction with respect to certain foreign-derived intangible income. If we are unable to operate our business so that BEAT does not impact us, our effective tax rate, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected. The interpretation and implementation of the Tax Act have had and could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the U.S.'s Inflation Reduction Act includes a 15% corporate minimum tax on book income and a 1% excise tax on stock repurchases. The interpretation and implementation of these provisions could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. Increases in the U.S. corporate income tax rate, increasing the percentage of GILTI subject to tax in the U.S., or other changes to U.S. federal tax laws could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
Certain countries have unilaterally introduced a digital services tax to address the issue of multinational businesses carrying on business in their jurisdiction without a physical presence and therefore generally not being subject to income tax in those jurisdictions. These digital services taxes are calculated as a percentage of revenue rather than income or profits. The interpretation and implementation of the various, and at times inconsistent, digital services taxes could adversely impact our
15
results of