consumers and partners and that we believe will result in mutual long-term profitability and growth. We have made significant investments in people, technology, marketing, and added or expanded travel offerings. In 2024, we continued our investments in Gen AI to benefit internal productivity and improve the consumer and partner experience. We also regularly evaluate and may pursue potential strategic acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, or investments as part of our long-term business strategy.
Service Offerings
Booking.com.
Booking.com is the world's leading brand for booking online accommodation reservations, based on room nights booked, with operations worldwide and headquarters in the Netherlands. A
t December 31, 2024, Booking.com offered accommodation reservation services for approximately
4.0 million
properties in over 220 countries and territories and in over 40 languages, consisting of approximately
500,000
hotels, motels, and resorts and approximately
3.5 million
homes, apartments, and other unique places to stay.
In 2024, globally Booking.com offered flights in over 55 markets and in-destination tours and activities in 1,700 cities, as well as rental car reservation services in over 42,000 locations and ground transportation services at approximately 1,900 airports.
Priceline.
Priceline is a leader in discount travel reservations, primarily in North America, with headquarters in Norwalk, Connecticut. Priceline offers online accommodation, flight, and rental car reservation services, as well as vacation packages, cruises, activity, and hotel distribution services for partners and affiliates.
Agoda.
Agoda is a leading online accommodation reservation service catering primarily to consumers in the Asia-Pacific region, with headquarters in Singapore. Agoda also offers flight, ground transportation, and activities reservation services.
KAYAK.
KAYAK, headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, provides online meta-search services that allow consumers to easily search and compare travel itineraries and prices from hundreds of online travel platforms at once. KAYAK offers its services in over 60 countries and territories.
OpenTable.
OpenTable is a leading brand for booking online restaurant reservations. With significant operations in San Francisco, California, OpenTable provides online restaurant reservation services to consumers and reservation management services to restaurants, primarily in the United States.
Marketing and Brand Awareness
We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing campaigns and strategic use of performance marketing spend. We invest in marketing and other brand building to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands.
Competition
We compete globally with both online and traditional travel and restaurant reservation and related services. The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive and constantly evolving. Current and new competitors launch new services