many of them focused on particular services or geographies. We continue to optimize collaboration among our brands. As we manage this shift, in addition to managing changes in our workforce we may find it difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture at our brands and throughout the organization. Any future expansion or shift increases the complexity of our business and places additional strain on our management, operations, technical performance, financial resources, and administrative, legal, tax, internal controls, and financial reporting functions. Our employees and outsourced resources, systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage such changes and increased complexity, or could result in disruption of our service or customer support, especially as we have employees and outsourced resources around the world and we increase the number and variety of our products and payment systems.
In addition, we are conducting a multi-year phased migration to integrate and upgrade certain systems and processes. The implementation of new information technology, payment, enterprise resource planning, or other systems is disruptive and costly and may not be successful, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any failure to implement or adapt to new technologies in a timely manner or at all could adversely affect our ability to compete, increase our consumer acquisition costs, or otherwise adversely affect our business, brands, market share, reputation, or results of operations.
12
Investments in new business strategies and acquisitions could disrupt our ongoing business and present risks not originally contemplated.
We have invested and in the future may invest in new business strategies and acquisitions of complementary businesses. Such endeavors may not be successful, such as our agreement to acquire European-based flights booking provider Etraveli Group that was terminated after the EC blocked the transaction in 2023. Additionally, such ventures may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including diversion of management's attention from current operations, greater than expected liabilities and expenses, increased regulatory scrutiny, failing to obtain required regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all, the imposition of conditions that could delay or prevent us from completing a transaction or limit our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of a transaction, inadequate return on capital, new risks with which we are not familiar, legal and compliance obligations that previously did not apply to us, integration risks, and unidentified issues not discovered in our evaluations of those strategies and acquisitions. We may issue shares of our common stock in these transactions, which could result in dilution to our stockholders. Entering new businesses involves risks and costs that could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of