incurred. Variable lease expense also includes costs for property taxes, insurance, and services provided by the lessor which are charged based on usage or performance (such as maintenance or utility charges).
Most leases have one or more options to renew beyond their initial term. The exercise of renewal options, mainly for office space and data centers, is at the Company's discretion and are included in the determination of the lease term for accounting purposes if they are reasonably certain to be exercised
.
Business Combinations, Goodwill, and Intangible Assets
The Company accounts for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting. The consideration transferred is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective values at the acquisition date. The excess of the consideration transferred over the net of the amounts allocated to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. The Company generally recognizes and measures contract assets and contract liabilities in a business combination at amounts consistent with those recorded by the acquired business.
Goodwill is assigned to reporting units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. Goodwill is not subject to amortization and is tested for impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. The Company tests goodwill at a reporting unit level. The fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying value, including goodwill. Fair values are determined using a combination of standard valuation techniques, including an income approach (discounted cash flows) and market approaches (e.g., earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ("EBITDA") multiples of comparable publicly traded companies) and based on market participant assumptions. A goodwill impairment loss is measured at the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. See Note 11 for additional information.
Intangible assets are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.
Impairment of Long-lived Assets
The Company reviews long-lived assets, including intangible assets and operating lease assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. The assessment of possible impairment is based upon the Company's ability to recover the carrying value of the assets from the estimated undiscounted future net cash flows, before interest and taxes, of the related asset group. The amount of impairment loss, if any, is measured as the excess of the carrying value of the asset over the present value of estimated future cash flows, using a discount rate commensurate with