reported as "Long-term investments" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and include equity investments with readily determinable fair values and equity investments without readily determinable fair values. Equity investments with readily determinable fair values are reported at estimated fair value with changes in fair value recognized in "Other income (expense), net" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company holds investments in equity securities of private entities, over which the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence or control. These investments, which do not have readily determinable fair values, are measured at cost less impairment, if any. Such investments are also required to be measured at fair value as of the date of certain observable transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer.
Accounts Receivable from Customers and Allowance for Expected Credit Losses
Accounts receivable is reported net of expected credit losses. The Company estimates lifetime expected credit losses upon recognition of the financial assets. The Company identifies the relevant risk characteristics of its customers and the related receivables and prepayments, which include the following: size, type (alternative accommodations vs. hotels) or geographic location of the customer, or a combination of these characteristics. Receivables with similar risk characteristics have been grouped into pools. For each pool, the Company considers the historical credit loss experience, current economic conditions, supportable forecasts of future economic conditions, and any recoveries in assessing the lifetime expected credit losses. Other key factors that influence the expected credit loss analysis include customer demographics, payment terms offered in the normal course of business to customers, the nature of competition, and industry-specific factors that could impact the Company's receivables. Additionally, external data and macroeconomic conditions are considered. This is assessed at each balance sheet date based on the Company's specific facts and circumstances.
Property and Equipment, Net
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets or, when applicable, the lease term related to leasehold improvements, whichever is shorter.
Website Costs and Internal-use Software
Acquisition costs and certain direct development costs associated with website and internal-use software are capitalized and include external direct costs of services and payroll costs for employees devoting time to the software projects principally related to platform development, including support systems, software coding, designing system interfaces, and installation and testing of the software. These costs are recorded as property and equipment and are generally amortized beginning when the asset is substantially ready