to booking customers, and the timing and effectiveness of our brand marketing and social media marketing campaigns. In recent years, we observed periods of stable or increasing ROIs. Although it is difficult to predict how ROIs will change in the future, ROIs could be negatively impacted by increased levels of competition and other factors. When evaluating our performance marketing spend, we typically consider several factors for each channel, such as the customer experience on the advertising platform, the incremental traffic we receive, and anticipated repeat rates. Marketing efficiency can also be impacted by the extent to which consumers come directly to our platforms for bookings. The mix of our total room nights booked by consumers coming directly to our platforms was a mid-fifties percentage over the trailing twelve months ended March 31, 2025 and was higher if we exclude the room nights booked through affiliate programs (i.e., business-to-business). The mix of total room nights booked by consumers coming directly to our platforms increased year-over-year, which benefited our marketing efficiency in the first quarter of 2025 versus the first quarter of 2024. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors
- "
We face risks relating to our marketing efforts
" and "
We are dependent on travel service providers, restaurants, search platforms, and other third parties
" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Booking.com had approximately 4.1 million total properties on its website at March 31, 2025, representing an increase from approximately 3.5 million total properties at March 31, 2024. At March 31, 2025, the total properties on Booking.com's website consisted of approximately 3.6 million alternative accommodation properties (including homes, apartments, and other unique places to stay) and approximately 500,000 hotels, motels, and resorts.
The mix of Booking.com's room nights booked for alternative accommodation properties in the first quarter of 2025 was approximately 37%, up versus approximately 36% in the first quarter of 2024. We have observed a longer-term trend of an increasing mix of room nights booked for alternative accommodation properties as consumer demand for these types of properties has grown, and as we have increased the number and variety of these properties on Booking.com. We may experience lower profit margins due to additional costs, such as increased customer service or certain partner related costs, related to offering alternative accommodations. As our alternative accommodation business has grown, these different characteristics have negatively impacted our profit margins and this trend may continue.
Although we believe that providing an extensive collection of properties, excellent customer service, and an intuitive, easy-to-use platform are important factors influencing a consumer's decision to make a reservation, for many consumers the price of the travel service is the primary factor determining