liabilities of certain short-term rental partners in Italy for the period under audit. While the Company believes that Booking.com has been and continues to be in compliance with Italian tax laws, in November 2024, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the ITA without admitting liability and paid
313
million Euros ($
332
million) to resolve the matter. The settlement is reflected in "General and administrative" expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2024.
The Company is also involved in other tax-related audits, investigations, and litigation relating to income taxes, value-added taxes, travel transaction taxes (e.g., hotel occupancy taxes), withholding taxes, and other taxes.
Any taxes or assessments in excess of the Company's tax provisions, including the resolution of any tax proceedings or litigation, could have a material adverse impact on the Company's results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. In some cases, assessments may be significantly in excess of the Company's tax provisions, particularly in instances where the Company does not agree with the tax authority's assessment of how the tax laws may apply to the Company's business.
Other Matters
Beginning in 2014, Booking.com B.V. received several letters from the Netherlands Pension Fund for the Travel Industry (Reiswerk) ("BPF") claiming that it was required to participate in the mandatory pension scheme of the BPF with retroactive effect to 1999, which has a higher contribution rate than the pension scheme in which it is currently participating. BPF instituted legal proceedings and in 2016 the District Court of Amsterdam rejected all of BPF's claims. BPF appealed the decision to the Court of Appeal, and, in May 2019, the Court of Appeal also rejected all of BPF's claims, in each case by ruling that Booking did not meet the definition of a travel intermediary for purposes of the mandatory pension scheme. BPF then appealed to the Netherlands Supreme Court. In April 2021, the Supreme Court overturned the previous decision of the Court of Appeal and held that Booking.com B.V. met the definition of a travel intermediary for the purposes of the mandatory pension scheme. The Supreme Court ruled only on the qualification of Booking.com B.V. as a travel intermediary for the purposes of the mandatory pension scheme and did not rule on the various other defenses brought forward by the Company against BPF's claims. The Supreme Court referred the matter to another Court of Appeal to assess the other defenses brought forward by the Company. In January 2024, that Court of Appeal ruled that Booking.com B.V. is required to participate in the mandatory pension scheme of the BPF with retroactive effect to 1999. The Company has filed an appeal of the decision to the Netherlands Supreme Court. Although the Company disagrees with the decision, it accrued a loss of
253
million Euros ($
276
million), included in "Personnel" expenses