Some parts of our business are already subject to the broad scope of the Package Directive, and as our offerings continue to diversify and expand, we may become subject to additional requirements. Compliance with this directive could be costly and complex and, as a result of its requirements, we could choose to limit offerings that would otherwise be beneficial for the business. Further, the Package Directive is under legislative reform, and changes to its interpretation could be costly or complex, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and ability to grow and compete.
The implementation of unfavorable regulations or unfavorable interpretations of existing regulations by judicial or regulatory bodies could require us to incur significant compliance costs, cause the development of the affected markets to become impractical and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For example, Turkish courts have ruled that Booking.com is subject to certain registration requirements in order to offer domestic accommodations to Turkish residents. If the appeal of this decision is not successful, Booking.com would be subject to Turkish registration requirements in order to resume offering domestic accommodations to Turkish residents, which would continue to negatively impact our business.
Compliance with the legal requirements of multiple jurisdictions increases our cost of doing business. These laws and regulations, which sometimes conflict, include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act, the DSA and DMA, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials or third parties, data privacy requirements, emerging regulations governing the development, marketing, and use of AI, labor relations laws, non-discrimination, human rights or anti-human trafficking laws, tax laws, anti-trust or competition laws, U.S., EU, or U.N. sanctioned country or sanctioned persons mandates, and consumer protection laws. Violations of these laws and regulations have resulted and in the future could result in fines, penalties, and criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees and prohibitions on how or where we conduct business. Violations could delay or prevent potential acquisitions and could materially damage our reputation, brands, global expansion efforts, ability to attract and retain employees and business partners, business, and operating results. Even if we comply with these laws and regulations, doing business in certain jurisdictions or violations of these laws and regulations by the parties with which we conduct business could harm our reputation and brands, which could adversely affect our results of operations and stock price. In addition, if these restrictions are not applicable to competitors, it may provide them a competitive advantage. Additionally, our employees in certain countries in Europe are represented by works councils and/or trade unions. We