and Results of Operations
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, including Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors," as well as our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes and the Section entitled
"
Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
"
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The information on our websites is not a part of this Quarterly Report and is not incorporated herein by reference.
We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant currency basis. We calculate constant currency based on the predominant transactional currency in each country, converting our current-year period results in currencies other than U.S. Dollars using the corresponding prior-year period monthly average exchange rates.
Overview
Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. We aim to provide consumers with a best-in-class experience offering the travel choices they want, with tailored planning, payment, language, and other options, seamlessly connecting them with our travel service provider partners. We offer these services through five primary consumer-facing brands: Booking.com, Priceline, Agoda, KAYAK, and OpenTable. See Note 14 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for segment reporting and geographic information.
We derive substantially all of our revenues from enabling consumers to make travel service reservations. We also earn revenues from advertising services, restaurant reservation and management services, travel-related insurance offerings, and other services.
Trends
Our global room nights in 2024 increased 9% year-over-year driven primarily by healthy travel demand in Europe and Asia. We saw the booking window expand in 2024 compared to 2023, which benefited year-over-year room night growth. In the first quarter of 2025, global room nights increased 7% year-over-year, driven primarily by increased travel demand in Europe and Asia.
While our first quarter results were strong, we are closely monitoring the uncertain geopolitical and macroeconomic environment and the potential impact it may have on global travel demand. We cannot predict how evolving conditions may affect consumer spending and behavior, travel patterns, our partners, or our ability to conduct our business. At this time, we believe our diversified global portfolio of leading travel brands, flexible platforms, and our strong financial position would help us to navigate a range of economic scenarios. We continue to take a long-term view, staying focused on delivering value to our travelers and partners, maintaining disciplined cost management, and making strategic investments as appropriate.
Quarterly Room Nights and Change versus the prior year
20
The cancellation rate in the first quarter of 2025 was slightly higher than the first quarter of 2024. Because we recognize revenues from bookings when