partners (both owners and property managers) coverage up to $
1
million equivalent per occurrence, subject to limitations and exclusions, against third-party lawsuits, claims for bodily injury, or third-party personal property damage that occurred during a stay booked through Booking.com. Booking.com retains certain financial risks related to this insurance offering, which is underwritten by third-party insurance companies.
14.
SEGMENT REPORTING AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION
The Company's portfolio of brands is organized into
five
operating segments. The Company determined its operating segments based on how its chief operating decision maker ("CODM"), who is the Chief Executive Officer and President, manages the business, makes operating decisions, and evaluates operating performance. The operating segments are aggregated into
one
reportable segment based on the similarity in economic characteristics, other qualitative factors, and the objectives and principles of ASC 280,
Segment Reporting
.
The CODM reviews revenues and an adjusted measure of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization less additions to property and equipment ("Adjusted EBITDA less Capex") for each operating segment.
The following table presents information for the Company's reportable segment. Other segment items include operating expenses such as general and administrative and information technology. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 for additional information on these expenses.
17
The following table presents the reconciliation of the Company's segment Adjusted EBITDA less Capex to Income before income taxes:
(1)    See Note 13 for additional information.
(2)    See the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations.
(3)    See Note 17 for additional information.
(4)    See Note 15 for additional information.
(5)    See Note 9 for additional information.
(6)    Primarily consists of the expenses of corporate headquarters and certain other functional departments.
Stock-based compensation included in the determination of segment Adjusted EBITDA less Capex was $
130
million and $
123
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Geographic Information
The Company's revenues from its businesses outside of the United States (the "U.S.") consists of the results of Booking.com and Agoda in their entirety and the results of the KAYAK and OpenTable businesses located outside of the U.S. This classification is independent of where the consumer resides, where the consumer is physically located while using the Company's services, or the location of the travel service provider or restaurant. For example, a reservation made through Booking.com at a hotel in New York by a consumer in the U.S. is part of the results of the Company's businesses outside of the U.S.
(1)    Includes $
3.6
billion and $
3.3
billion for the three months ended March 31,