historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of trends in the travel industry, and on other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. For a discussion of our critical accounting estimates for the valuation of investments in private entities, income taxes, and contingencies, see the "Critical Accounting Estimates" section of Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Valuation of Goodwill and other Long-lived Assets
We review long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. The assessment of possible impairment is based upon the ability to recover the carrying value of the assets from the estimated undiscounted future net cash flows, before interest and taxes, of the related asset group. In the accounting for business combinations, the excess of the consideration transferred over the net of the amounts allocated to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. Goodwill is assigned to reporting units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. When the composition of one or more reporting units is changed, goodwill is reassigned to the affected reporting units using a relative fair value approach. A substantial portion of our intangible assets and goodwill relates to the acquisitions of OpenTable, KAYAK, and Getaroom.
We test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. We test goodwill at a reporting unit level and our annual goodwill impairment tests are performed as of September 30. As of September 30, 2024, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test and concluded that there was no impairment of goodwill.
The estimation of the recoverable values of asset groups and the fair values of our reporting units reflect numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including key assumptions regarding each reporting unit's expected growth rates and operating margin and with respect to matters outside of our control, such as discount rates and market comparables. Generally, changes in the assumptions used for comparable company multiples would result in directionally similar changes in the fair value and changes in the assumptions used for discount rates would result in directionally opposite changes in the fair value. The estimation of fair value requires significant judgments and estimates and actual results could be materially different than the judgments and estimates used. Future events and changing market conditions may lead us to