to our platforms are variable because they are dependent on others' marketing spend in the same channels. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness and acceptance of our brands or if such efforts are not cost-effective, our business, market share, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
Our marketing efficiency, expressed as marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings, and performance marketing return on investment ("ROIs") are impacted by a number of factors that are subject to variability and are in some cases outside of our control, including ADRs, costs per click, cancellation rates, foreign currency exchange rates, our ability to convert traffic to booking customers, and the timing and effectiveness of our brand marketing campaigns. Marketing efficiency can also be impacted by the extent to which consumers come directly to our platforms for bookings. If our marketing efforts are less effective at generating new bookings, our marketing efficiency could deteriorate and our margins, revenues, and earnings growth could be adversely affected. For example, competition for desired rankings in search results and/or a decline in ad clicks by consumers could increase our costs-per-click and negatively impact our marketing efficiency. At times we may pursue a strategy of increasing marketing ROIs, which could negatively affect our gross bookings and revenue growth rates. Pursuing a strategy of improving performance marketing ROIs along with factors such as competitors' actions in the bidding environment, the amount of
10
marketing invested by these channels to generate demand, and overall marketing platform traffic growth trends, may also impact our gross bookings and revenue growth rates. Negative trends in our marketing efficiency, performance marketing ROIs, or consumer shopping activity could negatively impact our business, market share, and results of operations.
We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological or other market changes.
We compete in markets characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, consolidation, frequent service developments, and changing consumer preferences. In addition, these market characteristics are heightened by the progress of technology adoption in various markets, including the continuing adoption of online commerce in certain geographies and the growth of mobile e-commerce transactions. We may not be able to keep up with these rapid changes.
Our long-term strategy to build the Connected Trip will require increased investments that could have an adverse impact on our results of operations until we achieve the expected return on these investments. The development of the Connected Trip is subject to uncertainties, including further development of the verticals and technological capabilities (which may include developing and integrating technologies like Gen AI) necessary for the Connected Trip experience, the ability to collect,