store, and use customer data in a compliant and integrated fashion, and the attraction and retention of employees dedicated to this effort. It may take longer than we expect to realize the Connected Trip vision or it may not achieve the expected return on investment. These efforts may also not be successful in improving the travel experience or retaining and attracting new customers. Further, regulatory restrictions may impact our ability to commercialize the Connected Trip or expose us to unanticipated liabilities. With any technical innovation such as the Connected Trip effort, there could be vulnerabilities and other technical failures, which could result in lost business, harm to our brand or reputation, consumer complaints, and other adverse consequences, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
In the future the competitive pressure to innovate could encompass a wider range of services and technologies, and our ability to keep pace may slow. Other companies, including emerging start-ups or large technology companies utilizing proprietary Gen AI or similar capabilities, may be able to innovate and focus on developing a new product or service faster than we can or may foresee consumer need for new services or technologies before we do. In addition, the widespread adoption of new technologies, such as Gen AI and machine learning, could influence how customers search for and book travel, render our existing technology obsolete, require us to modify or adapt our services or infrastructure, which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
Consumers increasingly use mobile devices and apps to make online travel bookings. The revenues earned on a mobile transaction may be less than a desktop transaction due to different purchasing patterns. To the extent mobile devices or platforms enable users to block advertising content, our advertising revenue and ability to market our brands may also be negatively affected. If we are unable to attract consumers to our mobile platforms, or app store providers like Google and Apple use their app distribution, mobile operating, or payment platforms to favor competing services to ours, we could lose market share and our business, future growth, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Our ability to offer a variety of appropriate payment solutions is an important part of our value proposition for our partners and consumers. If we are unable to offer consumers their preferred method of payment, it would limit our growth opportunities and our business and results of operations could be harmed.
The development and use of Gen AI may result in reputational harm or legal liability and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We are seeking to incorporate Gen AI in our business, including for internal productivity purposes and in consumer- and partner-facing initiatives such as AI travel assistants,