Switzerland. Booking.com anticipates a negative decision ordering a reduction of commission in Switzerland. The exact scope, impact, and timing of its effects will depend on the order. Booking.com does not agree with the rationale underlying this expected negative decision and the restrictions expected to be imposed, and is continuing to engage with the Swiss PSO prior to the order being finalized. If the order were to become final, Booking.com plans to challenge it. In July 2023, the Polish Office of Competition and Consumer Protection opened an investigation into Booking.com's identification of private and professional hosts and its messaging in relation to obligations owed to consumers, and the investigation is ongoing. In the first quarter of 2025, Booking.com and Agoda each received a draft decision from the French Directorate General for Competition Policy, Consumer Affairs, and Fraud Control ("DGCCRF") relating to certain business practices. In respect of Booking.com, these include contractual terms with hotel partners relating to participation in a price competitiveness program funded by Booking.com, commissions being charged over the total price, and the ability of hotel partners to contact customers that make bookings on Booking.com. Discussions with the DGCCRF are ongoing. If any of the investigations were to find that the Company's practices violated the respective laws, or as part of a negotiated resolution, the Company may face significant fines, restrictions on its business practices, and/or be required to make other commitments.
15
The Company is and has been involved in investigations or inquiries by NCAs or other governmental authorities involving consumer protection matters. The Company has previously made certain voluntary commitments to authorities to resolve investigations or inquiries that have included showing prices inclusive of all mandatory taxes and charges, providing information about the effect of money earned on search result rankings on or before the search results page, adjusting how discounts and statements concerning popularity or availability are shown, and displaying additional customer service details. It is possible new jurisdictions could negotiate with the Company to implement changes to its business. The Company is unable to predict what, if any, effect any future such commitments will have on its business. To the extent that investigations or inquiries result in additional commitments, fines, damages, or other remedies, the Company's business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed.
The Company is unable to predict how any current or future investigations or litigation may be resolved or the long-term impact of any such resolution on its business. For example, competition and consumer-law-related investigations, legislation, judgments, or issues could result in private litigation and the Company is currently involved in such litigation. More immediate results could include, among