most significant operating expenses for our business. See our Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations and "Trends" and "Results of Operations" above for additional information on marketing expenses, personnel expenses, and sales and other expenses. We believe that our existing cash balances, liquid resources, and access to capital markets will be sufficient to fund our operating activities and other obligations in the short term and into the foreseeable future.
Cash, cash equivalents, and investments
At March 31, 2025, we had $16.1 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and investments, of which approximately $11.3 billion is held by our international subsidiaries. Cash, cash equivalents, and long-term investments held by our international subsidiaries are denominated primarily in Euros, U.S. Dollars, and British Pounds Sterling. Our investment policy seeks to preserve capital and maintain sufficient liquidity to meet operational and other needs of the business. See Notes 5 and 6 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.
Deferred merchant bookings
Deferred merchant bookings of $6.9 billion at March 31, 2025 includes cash payments received from travelers in advance of us completing our performance obligations and are comprised principally of amounts estimated to be payable to travel service providers as well as our estimated future revenue for our commission or margin and fees. The amounts are mostly subject to refunds for cancellations.
Debt
Our revolving credit facility extends a revolving line of credit up to $2 billion to us. We are in compliance with the maximum leverage ratio covenant under the facility, which is a condition to our ability to borrow.
The holders of our May 2025 Notes are entitled to repayment of the principal amount of the notes in cash, and if they exercise their option to convert, they are entitled to cash payment for the conversion value in excess of the principal amount, settled at maturity. At March 31, 2025, the fair value of the May 2025 Notes was $1.9 billion.
Our outstanding senior notes at March 31, 2025 had cumulative interest to maturity (based on coupon interest rates) of $4.5 billion, with $573 million payable within the next twelve months.
See Note 9 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Share repurchases and dividends
In the first quarter of 2025, our Board of Directors (the "Board") authorized a program to repurchase up to $20 billion of our common stock. At March 31, 2025, we had a total remaining authorization of $25.9 billion related to share repurchase programs authorized by the Board.
In April 2025, the Board declared a cash dividend of $9.60 per share of common stock, payable on June 30, 2025 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on June 6, 2025.
See Note 10 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
29
Commitments, contingencies, and other
At March 31, 2025, we had, in the aggregate, $1.1 billion