operations and cash flows. Further, digital services taxes may not apply to our competitors, which could harm our business and competitive position.
Additionally, there have been significant changes made and proposed to international tax laws that increase the complexity, burden, and cost of tax compliance. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") is focused on tax reform to ensure international tax standards keep pace with changes in global business practices, which could result in tax changes. We continue to monitor the impact of the OECD's tax reform initiatives as countries implement legislation and the OECD provides additional guidance. The implementation of these rules could have a negative impact on our results of operations or cash flows.
Due to the scale of our business activities outside of the U.S., changes in U.S. or international taxation of our activities, such as new definitions of permanent establishment, new nexus and profit allocation rules, or the combined effect of tax laws in multiple jurisdictions, may increase our worldwide effective tax rate, increase the complexity and costs associated with tax compliance, and adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations.
We are also subject to other non-income-based taxes, such as value-added, payroll, sales, use, excise, net worth, property, hotel occupancy, and goods and services. We refer generally to taxes on travel transactions (e.g., value-added taxes, sales taxes, excise taxes, hotel occupancy taxes, etc.) as "travel transaction taxes." Changing value-added tax regulation such as the VAT in the digital age proposal in the EU could increase complexity and costs associated with compliance. Additionally, from time to time, we are under audit or investigation by tax authorities or involved in legal proceedings related to these non-income-based taxes or we may revise our tax positions, which may result in additional non-income-based tax liabilities.
A number of jurisdictions in the U.S. have initiated lawsuits or other proceedings against OTCs, including us, related to, among other things, the payment of certain travel transaction taxes that could include historical taxes that are claimed to be owed, interest, penalties, punitive damages, and/or attorney's fees and costs. Additional jurisdictions may assert that we are subject to travel transaction taxes and could seek to collect such taxes, either retroactively, prospectively, or both. We continue to defend against these lawsuits and, where appropriate, intend to continue to assert that we should not be subject to such taxes. Although we believe we do not owe the taxes claimed in these lawsuits, litigation is uncertain, and if there was an adverse outcome in these lawsuits or similar litigation in other jurisdictions, it could result in liabilities for past and/or future bookings, and it could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, profit margins, and results of operations.