Operations. For more information, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - "
We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities
" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
22
Increased regulatory focus on large technology companies could result in increased compliance costs or otherwise adversely affect our business. For example, the European Commission designated the Company as a gatekeeper under the Digital Markets Act in 2024 and Booking.com as a "Very Large Online Platform" under the Digital Services Act in 2023. As a result of these designations, we are subject to additional rules and regulations that may not be applicable to our competitors. For more information, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - "
Our business is subject to various competition, consumer protection, and online commerce laws and regulations around the world, and as the size of our business grows, scrutiny of our business by legislators and regulators in these areas may intensify
" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and Note 13 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.
Our businesses outside of the U.S. represent a substantial majority of our financial results, but because we report our results in U.S. Dollars, we face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates as the financial results and the financial condition of our businesses outside of the U.S. are translated from local currency (principally Euros and British Pounds Sterling) into U.S. Dollars. See Note 14 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for information related to revenues by geographic area. As a result of movements in foreign currency exchange rates, both the absolute amounts of and percentage changes in our foreign-currency-denominated net assets, gross bookings, revenues, operating expenses, and net income as expressed in U.S. Dollars are affected. Our total revenues increased by approximately 8% in the first quarter of 2025 as compared to the first quarter of 2024, but without the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates our total revenues increased year-over-year on a constant currency basis by approximately 10%. Since our expenses are generally denominated in foreign currencies on a basis similar to our revenues, our operating margins have not been significantly impacted by currency fluctuations.
We generally enter into derivative instruments to minimize the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, such as foreign currency exchange derivative contracts to hedge our exposure to the impact of movements in foreign currency exchange rates on our transactional balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. See Note 6 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. We designate certain portions of the aggregate principal value of our Euro-denominated debt as a hedge of the foreign currency exposure of the net investment in certain Euro