"Net cash used in financing activities," as appropriate, in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. See Note 6 for additional information related to these derivative instruments.
Contractual terms of debt arrangements, including embedded features such as conversion options, are evaluated and reassessed at each balance sheet date to determine whether they must be accounted for separately from the debt contract as derivative instruments under ASC 815. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.
Non-derivative Instrument Designated as Net Investment Hedge
The foreign currency transaction gains or losses on the Company's Euro-denominated debt are measured based upon changes in spot rates. The foreign currency transaction gains or losses on the Euro-denominated debt that is designated as a hedging instrument for accounting purposes are recorded in "Accumulated other comprehensive loss" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The foreign currency transaction gains or losses on the Euro-denominated debt that is not designated as a hedging instrument are recognized in "Other income (expense), net" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Notes 12 and 14 for additional information related to the net investment hedge.
Revenue Recognition
Online travel reservation services
Substantially all of the Company's revenues are generated by providing online travel reservation services, which principally allows travelers to book travel reservations with travel service providers through the Company's platforms. While the Company generally refers to a consumer that books travel reservation services on the Company's platforms as its customer, for accounting purposes, the Company's customers are the travel service providers and, in certain merchant transactions, the travelers. The Company's contracts with travel service providers give them the ability to market their reservation availability without transferring to the Company the responsibility to deliver the travel services. Therefore, the Company's revenues are presented on a net basis in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. These contracts include payment terms and establish the consideration to which the Company is entitled, which includes either a commission or a margin on the travel transaction. Revenue is measured based on the expected consideration specified in the contract with the travel service provider, considering the effects of factors such as discounts and other sales incentives. Estimates for sales incentives are based on historical experience, current trends, and forecasts, as applicable. Local occupancy taxes, general excise taxes, value-added taxes, sales taxes, and other similar taxes ("travel transaction taxes"), if any, collected from travelers are reported on a net basis in revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Revenues for online travel reservation services are recognized at a