are required to consult with works councils on certain matters such as restructurings (such as our Transformation Program), acquisitions and divestitures, and other matters that could impact our labor force. Consultation may not be completed on terms satisfactory to us and could result in increases in our cost of labor, diversion of management's attention away from operating our business, delays in certain initiatives, and expose us to claims and litigation. We are also subject to a variety of other regulatory, legal, and public policy risks and challenges in managing an organization operating in various countries, including:
•
additional complexity to comply with regulations in multiple jurisdictions, as well as overlapping or inconsistent legal regimes, in particular with respect to tax, labor, consumer protection, AI, digital content, advertising, promotions, privacy, sustainability, and competition laws;
•
difficulties in transferring funds from or converting currencies in certain countries; and
•
changes in social or political conditions or policies relating to a wide range of topics.
18
We have made efforts and expect to make further efforts to integrate access to travel services across our various brands. These changes add complexity to legal and tax compliance and our internal controls, and our size and operating history may increase the likelihood that we will be subject to regulatory scrutiny or audits by tax authorities.
There are various risks associated with the facilitation of payments, including risks related to fraud, compliance with evolving rules and regulations, and reliance on third parties.
Our results have been and will likely continue to be negatively impacted by consumer purchases made using fraudulent payment cards, claims the consumer did not authorize the purchase, or consumers who have closed bank accounts or have insufficient funds in their bank accounts to satisfy payments. We may be held liable for fraudulent transactions on our platforms, as well as other payment disputes. Accordingly, we calculate and record an allowance for resulting chargebacks. If we are unable to successfully implement and evolve measures to detect and reduce the risk of fraud on our platforms, our business, profit margins, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
We process many of our transactions on a merchant basis where we facilitate payments from travelers through payment cards and other payment methods. While processing transactions on a merchant basis allows us to offer a variety of payment methods and flexible transaction terms, we incur additional payment processing costs (which are typically higher for foreign currency transactions) and other costs related to these transactions, such as costs related to fraudulent payments and transactions and fraud detection. These costs may increase as we expand our payments services to consumers and partners, and our results of operations and profit