addition, our security policies and controls may not keep pace with the innovation of our offerings and technological advances of threat actors, such as leveraging AI. We have experienced and responded to cyberattacks, which we believe have not had a material impact on the integrity of our systems or the security of data we maintain.
Vulnerabilities in our consumer and partner systems could and have resulted in unauthorized access to personal and confidential data, such as the inadvertent disclosure of data to third-party partners that may be undetected for a period of time. These risks are likely to increase as we expand our offerings, integrate our products and services, incorporate AI, and store and process more data. The disclosure of sensitive Company, consumer, or other information through our systems or by our workforce or other parties could lead to information loss, reputational harm, monetary damages, regulatory penalties, or loss of a competitive advantage. We expend significant resources to protect against security breaches and to maintain or increase our systems' security. Security breaches could result in negative publicity, damage our reputation, expose us to risk of loss or litigation and liability, subject us to regulatory penalties and sanctions, or cause consumers to lose confidence in us and choose to use the services of our competitors, any of which would have an adverse effect on our brands, market share, results of operations, and financial condition. Our efforts to protect information from unauthorized access have and could in the future result in the rejection or delay of legitimate attempts to book reservations through our services, which could result in lost
13
business. Additionally, our consumers' personal data has in the past and could in the future be affected by inadvertent disclosure to, or security breaches at, third parties upon which we rely. For example, we are currently assessing an inadvertent personal customer data disclosure to a limited number of marketing partners that was recently discovered by Booking.com. We have contracts that include confidentiality provisions with such partners and at this time do not believe the information was exposed beyond such partners, but are continuing to assess this matter.
We receive and store a large volume of personally identifiable data and payment information. The handling and storage of such data, as well as privacy rights of consumers, are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions. While we invest significant resources to comply with regulations such as the European Union's (the "EU") General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR"), the California Consumer Privacy Act (the "CCPA"), the Personal Information Protection Law in the People's Republic of China, the Digital Personal Data Protection Act in India, and the EU Digital Markets Act ("DMA"), they are complex, subject to uncertain interpretation, and impose significant