respectively, in total cash dividends. In April 2025, the Board declared a cash dividend of $
9.60
per share of common stock, payable on June 30, 2025 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on June 6, 2025.
11.
INCOME TAXES
Income tax expense consists of U.S. and international income taxes, determined using an estimate of the Company's annual effective tax rate, which is based upon the applicable tax rates and tax laws of the countries in which the income is generated. A deferred tax liability is recognized for all taxable temporary differences, and a deferred tax asset is recognized for all deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The Company considers many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization of the deferred tax assets, including its recent cumulative earnings experience by taxing jurisdiction, expectations of future income, tax planning strategies, the carryforward periods available for tax reporting purposes, and other relevant factors.
The Company's effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was
15.8
% compared to
17.1
% for the three months ended March 31, 2024. The Company's 2025 effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of
21
%, primarily due to the benefit of the Netherlands Innovation Box Tax (discussed below), partially offset by higher international tax rates, U.S federal and state tax associated with the Company's international earnings, and non-deductible expenses related to the May 2025 Notes. The Company's 2024 effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of
21
%, primarily due to the benefit of the Netherlands Innovation Box Tax, partially offset by higher international tax rates, certain non-deductible expenses, and U.S. federal and state tax associated with the Company's international earnings.
The Company's effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was lower than the effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to certain higher discrete tax benefits, certain lower non-deductible expenses, and lower international tax rates, partially offset by a decrease in the benefit of the Netherlands Innovation Box Tax, and higher U.S. federal and state tax associated with the Company's international earnings.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, a majority of the Company's income was reported in the Netherlands, where Booking.com is based. According to Dutch corporate income tax law, income generated from qualifying innovative activities is taxed at a rate of
9
% ("Innovation Box Tax") rather than the Dutch statutory rate of
25.8
%. A portion of Booking.com's earnings during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 qualified for Innovation Box Tax treatment, which had a beneficial impact