other things, the imposition of fines, payment of damages, commitments to change certain business practices, or reputational damage, any of which could harm the Company's business, results of operations, brands, or competitive position.
Tax Matters
Between December 2018 and August 2021, the Italian tax authorities issued assessments on Booking.com's Italian subsidiary totaling approximately $
271
million for the tax years 2013 through 2018, asserting that its transfer pricing policies were inadequate. The Company believes Booking.com has been and continues to be in compliance with Italian tax law. In September 2020, the Italian tax authorities approved the opening of a mutual agreement procedure ("MAP") between Italy and the Netherlands for the 2013 tax year and the Italian tax authorities subsequently approved the inclusion of the tax years 2014 through 2018 in the MAP. Based on the Company's expectation that the Italian assessments for 2013 through 2018, and any transfer pricing assessments received for subsequent open years, will be settled through the MAP process, and after considering potential resolution amounts, $
36
million have been reflected in net unrecognized tax benefits, the majority of which is recorded to "Other assets, net" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. This unrecognized tax benefit is partially offset by a deferred income tax benefit of $
17
million. As of March 31, 2025, the Company made prepayments of $
80
million to the Italian tax authorities to forestall collection enforcement pending the appeal phase of the case. The payments do not constitute an admission that the Company owes the taxes and will be refunded (with interest) to the Company to the extent that the Company prevails. The payments are included in "Other assets, net" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
The Company is also involved in other tax-related audits, investigations, and litigation relating to income taxes, value-added taxes, travel transaction taxes (e.g., hotel occupancy taxes), withholding taxes, and other taxes.
Any taxes or assessments in excess of the Company's tax provisions, including the resolution of any tax proceedings or litigation, could have a material adverse impact on the Company's results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. In some cases, assessments may be significantly in excess of the Company's tax provisions, particularly in instances where the Company does not agree with the tax authority's assessment of how the tax laws may apply to the Company's business.
Other Matters
Beginning in 2014, Booking.com B.V. received several letters from the Netherlands Pension Fund for the Travel Industry (Reiswerk) ("BPF") claiming that it was required to participate in the mandatory pension scheme of the BPF with retroactive effect to 1999, which has a higher contribution rate than the pension scheme in which it is currently participating. BPF