and other assets and liabilities of $2.1 billion. Non-cash and other items were principally associated with unrealized foreign currency transaction losses related to Euro-denominated debt, adjustments related to the convertible senior notes, depreciation and amortization, deferred income taxes, and stock-based compensation expense. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, deferred merchant bookings and other current liabilities increased by $1.9 billion, primarily due to higher business volumes. Merchant revenues increased while agency revenues decreased year-over year for the three months ended March 31, 2025 due to the ongoing shift from agency revenues to merchant revenues at Booking.com.
Net cash provided by operating activities for the three months ended March 31, 2024 resulted from net income of $776 million, a favorable net impact from adjustments for non-cash and other items of $224 million, and a favorable net change in working capital and other assets and liabilities of $1.7 billion. Non-cash and other items were principally associated with unrealized foreign currency transaction gains related to Euro-denominated debt, stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, provision for expected credit losses and chargebacks, operating lease amortization, and deferred income taxes. For the three months ended March 31, 2024, deferred merchant bookings and other current liabilities increased by $2.1 billion and accounts receivable increased by $185 million, primarily due to increases in business volumes.
30
Net cash used in investing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2025 resulted from payments for property and equipment. Net cash provided by investing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2024 resulted principally from the maturity of certain investments of $218 million, partially offset with payments for property and equipment of $130 million.
Net cash used in financing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2025 resulted principally from the repurchase of common stock of $2.2 billion, payments on the maturity of debt of $1.5 billion, and dividend payments of $319 million. Net cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2024 resulted from the issuance of long-term debt of $3.0 billion, partially offset by payments for the repurchase of common stock of $1.9 billion and dividend payments of $299 million.
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Form 10-Q, including "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation" in Part I, Item 2, and the documents incorporated by reference contain forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our views regarding current expectations and projections about future events and conditions and are based on currently available information. They are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict