re-evaluate the assumptions used to estimate the fair values of our reporting units. Such changes may include travel service providers reducing or withdrawing from our services, such as those offered by KAYAK, generative AI better enabling or offering alternatives for travel service providers to reach consumers or competitors affecting our ability to market to and reach customers in a cost-efficient way.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 2, for details regarding recent accounting pronouncements.
24
Results of Operations
Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 compared to the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024
Operating and Statistical Metrics
Our financial results are driven by certain operating metrics that encompass the booking and other business activity generated by our travel and travel-related services. See "Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 for additional information on our Operating and Statistical Metrics, including room nights, rental car days, airline tickets, and merchant and agency gross bookings.
Room nights, rental car days, and airline tickets reserved through our services were as follows:
Room nights reserved through our services increased year-over-year for the three months ended March 31, 2025 driven primarily by increased travel demand in Europe and Asia. Rental car days reserved through our services increased year-over-year for the three months ended March 31, 2025 driven primarily by growth in rental car days reserved on Booking.com and Priceline. Airline tickets reserved through our services increased year-over-year for the three months ended March 31, 2025 driven primarily by the expansion of flight offerings at Booking.com and Agoda.
Gross bookings resulting from reservations of room nights, rental car days, and airline tickets made through our merchant and agency categories were as follows (numbers may not total due to rounding):
Merchant gross bookings increased year-over-year and agency gross bookings decreased year-over-year for the three months ended March 31, 2025 due primarily to the ongoing shift from agency bookings to merchant bookings at Booking.com. The year-over-year increase in merchant gross bookings during the three months ended March 31, 2025 was also due to strong growth in gross bookings from merchant accommodation reservation services at Agoda and merchant flight reservation services at Booking.com and Agoda.
The year-over-year increase in total gross bookings for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was due primarily to the increase in room nights, as well as the positive impact from year-over-year growth in flight gross bookings and an increase in constant currency accommodation ADRs of approximately 1%, partially offset by a