Jurisdictions could also seek to amend their tax statutes in order to collect travel transaction taxes from us on a prospective basis.
Additionally, jurisdictions have initiated, and may in the future initiate, legal proceedings against us and other OTCs related to the payment of certain travel transaction taxes (including historical or prospective taxes, interest, penalties, punitive damages, and/or attorney's fees and costs). Although we believe we do not owe the taxes claimed, litigation is uncertain and an adverse outcome could result in liabilities for past and/or future bookings, which could adversely affect our business, profit margins, and results of operations.
We may not be able to maintain our "Innovation Box Tax" benefit.
The Netherlands corporate income tax law provides that income generated from qualifying innovative activities is taxed at the rate of 9% ("Innovation Box Tax") rather than the Dutch statutory rate of 25.8%. A portion of Booking.com's earnings historically has qualified for Innovation Box Tax treatment.
In order to be eligible for Innovation Box Tax treatment, Booking.com must, among other things, apply for and obtain a research and development ("R&D") certificate from a Dutch governmental agency every six months confirming that the activities that Booking.com intends to be engaged in over the subsequent six-month period are "innovative." The R&D certificate is current but should Booking.com fail to secure such a certificate in any future period - for example, because the governmental agency does not view Booking.com's new or anticipated activities as innovative, the Innovation Box Tax benefit may be reduced or eliminated. Booking.com intends to apply for continued Innovation Box Tax treatment for future periods. However, Booking.com's application may not be accepted, or, if accepted, the amount of qualifying earnings may be reduced.
The loss or reduction of the Innovation Box Tax benefit could substantially increase our effective tax rate and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
Legal, Regulatory, Compliance, and Reputational Risks
Our business is subject to various competition, consumer protection, and online commerce laws and regulations around the world, and as the size of our business grows, scrutiny of our business by legislators and regulators in these areas may intensify.
We are subject to competition and consumer protection laws and regulations around the world. These laws and regulations evolve, and their interpretation, application, and enforcement can also change, be unpredictable, or be affected by changing political or social pressures. As we expand our business into new areas, including building the Connected Trip vision, we may become subject to additional laws and regulations. We have been the subject of investigations or inquiries by national
16
competition authorities ("NCAs") and other governmental authorities. For example, we are involved in investigations related to whether