2025 and 2024, respectively, attributed to an entity domiciled in the Netherlands.
18
15.
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET
The components of other income (expense), net were as follows:
(1)    Foreign currency transaction (losses) gains include losses of $
437
million and gains of $
167
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, related to Euro-denominated debt and accrued interest that were not designated as net investment hedges (see Note 9).
(2)    See Note 9 for additional information.
(3)    Includes net gains (losses) on equity securities. See Note 5 for additional information.
16.
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, cash and cash equivalents reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets differ from the amounts of total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents as shown in the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows due to restricted cash and cash equivalents, primarily related to the Company's travel-related insurance business, which are included in "Other current assets" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Noncash investing activity related to additions to property and equipment, including stock-based compensation and accrued liabilities, was $
24
million and $
16
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. See Note 10 for additional information on noncash financing activity related to the excise tax on share repurchases.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company made income tax payments of $
138
million and $
164
million, respectively, and interest payments of $
275
million and $
136
million, respectively.
17.
TRANSFORMATION COSTS
In November 2024, the Company announced its intention to implement certain organizational changes that are expected to improve operating expense efficiency, increase organizational agility, free up resources that can be reinvested into further improving its offering to travelers and partners, and better position the Company for the long term (the "Transformation Program"). The Company currently expects that restructuring costs and accelerated investments related to the Transformation Program will be incurred in the next
two
to
three years
and anticipates these costs to primarily relate to expected workforce reductions, technology investments, and professional fees. Some details of the Transformation Program are not yet final and remain subject to consultation with works councils, employee representative bodies, and other relevant organizations, legal requirements in multiple jurisdictions, and the Company completing its analysis of overall Transformation Program costs. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Transformation Program related costs are recorded in "Transformation costs" in the Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Operations and primarily consist of professional fees.
19
Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition