and may in the future experience these and other forms of attack such as ransomware, SQL injection (where a third party attempts to insert malicious code into our software through data entry fields in our websites in order to gain control of the system), and attempts to use our websites as a platform to launch a denial-of-service attack on another party. Our existing security measures have not always been, and in the future may not be, successful in preventing attacks on our systems. For instance, we have incurred costs related to customer reimbursement and customer service, reputational harm, and lost revenue from fictitious listings and account takeovers. Our existing IT business continuity and disaster recovery practices are less effective against certain types of attacks, which could result in interruption of our services, data exposure, and/or an extortion attempt. Reductions in the availability and response time of our online services could cause loss of substantial business volumes and measures we may take to divert suspect traffic could result in the diversion of bona fide customers. These issues are more difficult to manage during any expansion of the number of places where we operate and the variety of services we offer, and as the tools and techniques used in such attacks, such as Gen AI or similar technologies, become more advanced. We use advanced technology to identify cybersecurity threats; however, cyberattacks may go undetected for a period of time resulting in harm to our computer systems and the loss of data. This could result in regulatory fines, loss of consumers or partners, and reputational harm, among other costs. Successful attacks could result in significant interruptions to our operations, severe damage to our information technology infrastructure, negative publicity, reputational harm, and/or prevent consumers from using our services during the attack, any of which could cause consumers to use the services of our competitors, which would have a negative effect on the value of our brands, market share, business, and results of operations.
We use both internally-developed and third-party systems to operate our services, including transaction processing, order management, and financial and accounting systems. If the number of consumers using our services increases substantially, or if critical third-party systems stop operating as designed, we may need to repair, expand, replace, or upgrade our systems or infrastructure. If we are unable to meet demand in a timely manner, it could have a negative impact on our business. Many of our processes and systems are highly automated and involve multiple inputs from various IT systems, which can
14
mitigate the risk of human error but can also make testing, troubleshooting, and auditing more difficult. As a result, it may be difficult to quickly detect and correct errors embedded in these processes or systems.
Our business relies on a global supply chain of third party services