evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Revenues
-
Refer to Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
Substantially all of the Company’s revenues are generated by providing online travel reservation services, which principally allow travelers to book travel reservations with travel service providers through the Company’s platforms. Revenues consist of a significant volume of low-dollar transactions utilizing multiple custom systems.
We identified revenues as a critical audit matter as the majority of the processes to calculate and record revenue are highly automated, rely on a number of custom systems, and involve interfacing significant volumes of data across multiple systems. Given the complex information technology (IT) environment, this required the involvement of professionals with expertise in IT to identify, test, and evaluate the revenue data flows, the revenue systems and the automated controls.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to the Company's revenue transactions included the following, among others:
•
With the assistance of our IT specialists, we:
–
Identified the systems used to calculate and record revenue transactions.
–
Tested the general IT controls over each of these systems, including testing of user access controls, change management controls, and IT operations controls.
–
Performed testing of system interface controls and automated controls within the relevant revenue streams.
55
•
We tested business process controls to reconcile the various systems to the Company's general ledgers.
•
We performed detail transaction testing by agreeing the amounts recognized to source documents and testing the mathematical accuracy of the recorded revenue.
/s/
DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Stamford, Connecticut
February 20, 2025
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1997.
56
Booking Holdings Inc.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In millions, except share and per share data)
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
57
Booking Holdings Inc.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
(In millions, except share and per share data)
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
58