seek to attract the best and most innovative talent from a wide range of sources to achieve our long-term strategic goals. By cultivating a diverse leadership and workforce that reflects the broad spectrum of people we work with throughout the world, we gain valuable insights from a wide range of backgrounds and experiences that help us understand the needs of our global consumers and partners. We are committed to engaging with our employees across our Company and maintaining a productive workforce that is proud to work for Booking Holdings.
Our Board of Directors and the Talent and Compensation Committee have oversight of our human capital management. As a result of our operating structure with multiple distinct brands, our approach to human capital management can vary by brand.
Workforce
As of December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 24,300 employees, of which approximately 3,100 were based in the United States and approximately 21,200 outside the United States. We retain independent contractors to support certain functions, but approximately 99% of our employees are full-time employees.
5
We operate in over 220 countries and in over 40 languages globally, and believe that a diverse workforce operating in an inclusive environment has been a part of our success and will help us achieve our long-term strategic goals. Given the broad geographical nature of our business and workforce, we are committed to creating workplaces that embrace the cultures and practices of our employees and we prohibit unlawful discrimination of any type.
As of December 31, 2024, approximately 46% of our employees were women, approximately 26% of our technology positions were filled by women, and approximately 34% of leadership (which includes vice presidents and above for all brands except Booking.com, which includes senior directors and above due to a greater number of employees) were women.
Gender Diversity of Employees
(as of December 31, 2024)
While a significant percentage of our workforce is located in jurisdictions that may present challenges to tracking certain employee demographics for legal reasons, we seek other ways to assess our employees' experience. For example, all of our brands include questions in annual employee engagement surveys to gauge our inclusivity progress. We also publish our consolidated EEO-1 report for employees in the United States, although as of December 31, 2024, this represented only approximately 13% of our workforce.
Attraction, Development, and Retention
It is critical for our business that we attract and retain the top talent in our industry. We believe that we offer a rich culture where employees feel empowered to do their best work with opportunities to grow as well as competitive compensation and benefits. We are focused on our employees' engagement and mental well-being, career satisfaction, development, and succession planning. We offer tailored learning opportunities to enable employees to upskill while at work and drive