related to the convertible senior notes and certain other non-deductible expenses, unrecognized tax benefits, and U.S. federal tax associated with the Company's international earnings. Our 2023 effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21%, primarily due to higher international tax rates, non-deductible fines, certain other non-deductible expenses, and U.S. federal tax associated with the Company's international earnings, partially offset by the benefit of the Netherlands Innovation Box Tax.
Our effective tax rate was lower for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to a reduction to the Company's 2018 federal one-time deemed repatriation liability, pursuant to the Tax Act, resulting from a recent U.S. Tax Court decision in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. vs. Commissioner, and lower non-deductible fines, partially offset by higher unrecognized tax benefits, non-deductible expenses related to the convertible senior notes, and a decrease in the benefit of the Netherlands Innovation Box Tax.
Under Dutch corporate income tax law, income generated from qualifying innovative activities is taxed at a rate of 9% ("Netherlands Innovation Box Tax") rather than the Dutch statutory rate of 25.8%. A portion of Booking.com's earnings during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 qualified for Innovation Box Tax treatment, which had a significant beneficial impact on our effective tax rates for these periods. For more information, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - "
We may not be able to maintain our 'Innovation Box Tax' benefit.
"
Results of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2023 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2022
For a comparison of our results of operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, see Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 22, 2024.
38
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our primary source of funds for operations is the cash flow that we generate from operations. We use our cash for a variety of needs, including ongoing investments in our business, share repurchases, dividends, repayment of debt, and capital expenditures. Our continued access to sources of liquidity depends on multiple factors. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - "
Our liquidity, credit ratings, and ongoing access to capital could be materially and negatively affected by global financial conditions and events.
" Our financial results and prospects are almost entirely dependent on facilitating the sale of travel-related services. Marketing expenses and personnel expenses are the most significant operating expenses for our business. See our Consolidated Statements of Operations and "Trends" and "Results of Operations" above for additional information on marketing expenses and personnel expenses,