service reservations. We also earn revenues from advertising services, restaurant reservation and management services, travel-related insurance offerings, and other services.
Trends
Our global room nights in 2024 increased 9% year-over-year driven primarily by healthy travel demand in Europe and Asia. We saw the booking window expand in 2024 compared to 2023, which benefited year-over-year room night growth.
Our global room nights in the fourth quarter of 2024 were 13% higher than the fourth quarter of 2023 which was negatively impacted by the Israel-Hamas war. When excluding room nights from bookers in Israel in each comparable period, our overall room nights in the fourth quarter of 2024 increased 12% year-over-year. When excluding room nights from bookers in Israel in each comparable period, our overall room nights for the full year 2024 increased 9% year-over-year.
Quarterly Room Nights and Change versus the prior year
27
Full Year Room Nights and Change versus the prior year
The cancellation rate in 2024 was in line with the prior year. Because we recognize revenues from bookings when the traveler checks in, our reported revenues are not at risk of being reversed due to cancellations. Increases in cancellation rates can negatively impact our marketing efficiency as a result of incurring performance marketing expenses at the time a booking is made even though that booking could be canceled in the future if it was booked under a flexible cancellation policy.
In 2024, our global average daily rates ("ADRs") on a constant currency basis were about in line with the prior year. Our global ADRs were negatively impacted by a higher mix of room nights from Asia, which is a lower ADR region. Excluding the changes in regional mix, our global ADRs on a constant currency basis increased year-over-year by about 1%. It is difficult to predict what the trend in industry ADRs will be in the future.
We focus on relentless innovation to grow our business by providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms that aim to exceed the expectations of consumers. We have a long-term strategy to create an ideal traveler experience, offering our customers relevant options and connections at the times and in the language they want them, making trips booked with us seamless, easy, and valuable. We refer to this as the "Connected Trip." The goal of our Connected Trip vision is to offer a differentiated and personalized online travel planning, booking, payment, and in-trip experience for each trip, enhanced by a robust loyalty program that provides value to travelers and partners across all trips. We believe these efforts will help improve traveler loyalty, frequency, and mix of direct bookings over time. We believe these improvements will benefit revenue growth and marketing efficiency in the future, however, to the extent our non-accommodation services have lower margins and increase as a percentage of our total business, our operating