for consumer incentive programs.
Fair Value
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
There are three levels of inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value:
Level 1:    Quoted prices in active markets that are accessible by the Company at the measurement date for identical assets and liabilities.
Level 2:    Inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly. Such prices may be based upon quoted prices for identical or comparable securities in active markets or inputs not quoted on active markets, but corroborated by market data.
Level 3:    Unobservable inputs are used when little or no market data is available.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consists primarily of cash and highly liquid investment grade securities with an original maturity of three months or less. See Note 19 for information related to restricted cash and cash equivalents.
Investments
Debt Securities
The Company has classified its investments in debt securities as available-for-sale securities. The aggregate unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities, net of tax, are included in "Accumulated other comprehensive loss" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. If the amortized cost basis of an available-for-sale security exceeds its fair value and if the Company has the intention to sell the security or it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis, an impairment is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. If the Company does not have the intention to sell the security and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis and the Company determines that the decline in fair value below the amortized cost basis of an available-for-sale security is entirely or partially due to credit-related factors, the credit loss is measured and recognized as an allowance for expected credit losses along with the related expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The allowance is measured as the amount by which the debt security's amortized cost basis exceeds the Company's best estimate of the present value of cash flows expected to be collected.
62
The Company's investments in marketable debt securities are recognized based on the trade date. The cost of marketable debt securities sold is determined using a first-in and first-out method. The Company's investments in debt securities are assessed for classification in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as short-term or long-term at the individual security level. Classification as short-term or long-term is based on the maturities of the securities, as applicable, and the Company's expectations regarding the timing of sales and redemptions.
Equity Securities
Equity securities are