result in a directionally opposite change in the fair value.
The determination of the fair values of investments, where the Company is a minority shareholder and has access to limited information from the investee, reflects numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including key assumptions regarding the investee's expected growth rates and operating margin, as well as other key assumptions with respect to matters outside of the Company's control, such as discount rates and market comparables. It requires significant judgments and estimates and actual results could be materially different than those judgments and estimates utilized in the fair value measurement. Future events and changing market conditions may lead the Company to re-evaluate the assumptions reflected in the valuation which may result in a need to recognize additional impairment charges.
Derivatives
In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. The Company mitigates these risks by following established risk management policies and procedures, including the use of derivatives. The Company enters into foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge its exposure to the impact of movements in foreign currency exchange rates on its transactional balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes.
The Company's derivative instruments are valued using pricing models. Pricing models take into account the contract terms as well as multiple inputs where applicable, such as interest rate yield curves, option volatility, and foreign currency exchange rates. The valuation of derivatives is considered "Level 2" fair value measurement. The Company's derivative instruments are typically short-term in nature. The Company reports the fair values of its derivative assets and liabilities on a gross basis in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in "Other current assets" and "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities," respectively.
See Note 12 for information on the embedded derivative liability related to the convertible senior notes due in May 2025.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not designate any derivatives as hedges for accounting purposes. Gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair values of derivative instruments are recognized in "Other income (expense), net" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period that the changes occur and cash flow impacts, if any, are classified within "Net cash provided by operating activities" or "Net cash used in financing activities," as appropriate, in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
For the Company's foreign currency exchange derivatives outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the notional amounts of the foreign currency purchases were $
8.2
billion and $
4.9
billion, respectively, and the notional amounts of the foreign