frameworks for cybersecurity and privacy. We annually measure our security and privacy program maturity against the NIST frameworks, and
engage a third-party
every other year to assess the current state against these frameworks. The results of these assessments are discussed with the Board and the Cybersecurity Subcommittee of the Audit Committee.
As part of the Company's risk management strategy, we require that all employees complete regular data security and privacy trainings, and conduct phishing tests and specialized training such as secure coding training for our developers.
Our security teams have established procedures for identifying, assessing, and managing, cybersecurity incidents. A cross-functional working group of security, privacy, and legal personnel review potentially significant incidents. If an incident could be deemed material, it is escalated, and we consult with outside counsel as appropriate.
Our internal audit function performs its own cybersecurity and privacy audits and reviews certain related practices as part of their assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. From time to time we have taken steps to improve our practices and remedy deficiencies that have been identified. Our enterprise-wide information security program is also independently assessed every other year by a third party as part of our enterprise risk management, and the Cybersecurity Subcommittee reviews the findings.
We rely on certain third-party computer systems and third-party service providers, including global distribution systems ("GDSs") and computerized central travel reservation systems in connection with providing some of our services. We also depend upon various third parties to process payments for certain transactions. These third-party business partners, service providers, and consultants need to access our customer and other data, and connect to our computer networks.
We define confidentiality, security, and privacy requirements through our contracting processes and perform third-party cyber risk assessments to monitor such third parties as needed.
Although we expend significant resources to protect against security breaches, our existing security measures have not been and may not be successful in preventing all attacks.
We have experienced cybersecurity incidents and threats, including malware, phishing, account takeover attacks, denial-of-service attacks, and inadvertent disclosures of data. We do not believe these cybersecurity incidents have had a material adverse effect on our Company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.
However, the cybersecurity threat environment is increasingly challenging, and we, along with the entire digital ecosystem, face a constant and increasing threat. For further discussion, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - "Information Security, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks."
Governance
The
Board
and Audit Committee are responsible for oversight