for use. Costs incurred for enhancements that are expected to result in additional features or functionalities are capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful life of the enhancements. Costs incurred during the preliminary project stage, as well as maintenance and training costs, are expensed as incurred.
Cloud Computing Arrangements
The Company utilizes various third-party computer systems and third-party service providers, including global distribution systems and computerized central reservation systems of the accommodation, rental car, and airline industries in connection with providing some of its services. The Company uses both internally-developed systems and third-party systems to operate its services, including transaction processing, order management, and financial and accounting systems. Implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract are capitalized and amortized over the term of the hosting arrangement. The capitalized implementation costs are reported as "Prepaid expenses, net" or "Other assets, net" in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets, as appropriate. The related amortization expenses are reported in "Information technology" expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Leases
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease, or contains a lease, when a contract is signed. The Company determines if a lease is an operating or finance lease and records a lease asset and a lease liability upon lease commencement, which is the date when the underlying asset is made available for use by the lessor. The Company has operating leases for office space and data centers. For office space and data centers, the Company has elected to combine the fixed payments to lease the asset and any fixed non-lease payments (such as maintenance or utility charges) when determining its lease payments. The Company's finance leases are mainly for computer equipment.
63
The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate as its discount rate to determine the present value of its remaining lease payments to calculate its lease assets and lease liabilities because the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. The incremental borrowing rate approximates the rate the Company would pay to borrow in the currency of the lease payments on a collateralized basis for the weighted-average life of the lease. Operating lease assets also include any prepaid lease payments and lease incentives received prior to lease commencement.
The Company recognizes operating lease costs and the amortization of finance lease assets on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The interest component of a finance lease is recognized using the effective interest method over the lease term. Certain of the Company's lease agreements include rent payments which are adjusted periodically based on an index or rate. Any change in payments due to such adjustments are recognized as variable lease expense as they are