competition. Any decline in the growth rates of our businesses could negatively impact our revenue and earnings growth rates and as a consequence our stock price.
We are also subject to risks related to expanding our business internationally. International markets may have strong local competitors with an established brand and travel service provider or restaurant relationships making expansion in that market difficult or costly. Certain markets in which we operate have unique localized preferences or lower operating margins, or from time to time have experienced declining or no growth. Scaling and growing our business in such markets could require significant investment, which could have a negative impact on our profit margins. In some markets such as China, local requirements may restrict participation by foreign businesses, making our entry into and expansion in those markets costly, difficult, or impossible. If we are unsuccessful in expanding in new and existing markets and managing that expansion, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We believe that the breadth, variety, and quality of accommodations on our platforms helps drive our growth. The growth rate of the number of accommodations on our platforms may vary in part due to removing accommodations from time to time. Many newer accommodations we offer may have fewer rooms or higher credit risk and may appeal to a smaller subset of consumers (e.g., hostels and bed and breakfasts). If occupancy rates increase, accommodation providers often limit their offerings to OTCs. Also, certain jurisdictions have instituted regulations intended to address the issues of "overtourism" and the impact of tourism on climate, including by restricting accommodation offerings near popular tourist destinations. As a result, we may experience constraints on the number of listings or available accommodation room nights or decreased demand, which could negatively impact our business growth rate and results of operations.
We are dependent on travel service providers, restaurants, search platforms, and other third parties.
We rely on providers of accommodations, rental cars, and airline tickets, and on restaurants, to make their services available to consumers for reservation through us. Our arrangements with travel service providers generally do not require them to make available any specific quantity of reservations, or to make reservations available in any geographic area, for any particular route, or at any particular price. Similarly, our arrangements with restaurants generally do not require them to provide all of their available tables and reservations to customers through us. Our arrangements with OTCs and travel service providers to provide pricing, schedules, availability, and other information in connection with Kayak's meta-search services are non-exclusive and can be terminated with little notice. A significant reduction on the part of any of our major travel service