involving identical or comparable companies. The income approach estimates value based on the expectation of future cash flows that a company will generate. These future cash flows are discounted to their present values using a discount rate based on a company's weighted-average cost of capital adjusted to reflect the risks inherent in its cash flows. The key unobservable inputs and ranges used for the June 2023 impairment evaluation include the weighted average cost of capital of 10.5%-14.5% and a terminal earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ("EBITDA") multiple of 14x-16x. The key unobservable inputs and ranges used for the June 2022 impairment evaluation include, for the market approach, percentage decrease in the calibrated EBITDA multiple (36%) and for the income approach, the weighted average cost of capital of 10%-14% and the terminal EBITDA multiple of 14x-16x. Significant changes in any of these inputs would result in significantly different fair value measurements. A change in the assumption used for EBITDA multiples would result in a directionally similar change in the fair value and a change in the assumption used for weighted average cost of capital would result in a directionally opposite change in the fair value.
The determination of the fair values of investments where we are a minority shareholder and have access to limited information from the investee reflects numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including regarding the investee's expected growth rates and operating margin, as well as other matters outside of our control, such as discount rates and market comparables. It requires significant judgments and estimates and actual results could be materially different than those judgments and estimates utilized in the fair value estimate. Future events and changing market conditions may lead us to re-evaluate the assumptions reflected in the valuation, which may result in a need to recognize additional impairment charges.
Income Taxes
We determine our tax expense based on income and statutory tax rates applicable in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Due to the complex and dynamic nature of tax legislation, significant judgment is required in computing our tax expense and determining our tax positions. The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act") enacted in December 2017 made significant changes to U.S. federal tax law, including a one-time deemed repatriation tax imposed on accumulated unremitted international earnings, to be paid over eight years. We do not intend to indefinitely reinvest our international earnings that were subject to U.S. taxation pursuant to the mandatory deemed repatriation or subject to U.S. taxation as
global intangible low-taxed income ("
GILTI
")
.
We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability considering historical profitability, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of temporary