for information related to certain tax assessments and other tax matters.
See Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements and Part I, Item IA, Risk Factors -
"Our business is subject to various competition, consumer protection, and online commerce laws and regulations around the world, and as the size of our business grows, scrutiny of our business by legislators and regulators in these areas may intensify"
for information related to certain regulatory matters, and our other contingent liabilities.
See "–Trends" above for information on the Transformation Program that we announced in November 2024 to implement certain organizational changes, including the estimated annual run rate savings and restructuring costs and accelerated investments required for the program.
40
Cash Flow Analysis
Year Ended December 31, 2024 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2023
See our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for additional information related to our cash flows.
The following table summarizes our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:
Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 resulted from net income of $5.9 billion, a favorable net impact from adjustments for non-cash and other items of $2.1 billion, and a favorable net change in working capital and other assets and liabilities of $367 million. Non-cash and other items were principally associated with the loss related to the conversion option on convertible senior notes, stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, unrealized foreign currency transaction gains related to Euro-denominated debt, provision for expected credit losses and chargebacks, and operating lease amortization. For the year ended December 31, 2024, deferred merchant bookings and other current liabilities increased by $1.4 billion and accounts receivable increased by $506 million, primarily due to higher business volumes, partially offset by faster accounts receivable collections in 2024. Merchant revenues increased while agency revenues decreased for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 due to the ongoing shift from agency to merchant revenues at Booking.com.
Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2023 resulted from net income of $4.3 billion, a favorable net impact from adjustments for non-cash and other items of $1.3 billion, and a favorable net change in working capital and other assets and liabilities of $1.7 billion. Non-cash and other items were principally associated with stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, deferred income tax benefit, provision for expected credit losses and chargebacks, unrealized foreign currency transaction losses related to Euro-denominated debt, and operating lease amortization. For the year ended December 31, 2023, deferred merchant bookings and other current liabilities increased by $2.7 billion and accounts receivable