transfers. The rules of the card schemes and payment systems are often updated or interpreted in different ways, and we may need to adjust our systems and/or processes to comply with any updated obligations. If we fail to comply with such obligations, we may be fined, required to pay additional processing fees, lose our ability to accept certain credit and debit card payments from our customers, or facilitate other types of online payments, any of which would negatively impact our business, operating results, and profit margins. Under card association rules, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (the "Standard"), if information is compromised, we could be liable to payment card issuers for associated expenses and penalties, and in some cases, we could be restricted in our ability to accept payment cards. Under certain circumstances in our agreements with the card schemes and in relation to the Standard, we are also subject to periodic audits, self-assessments, and other assessments of our compliance with the rules and obligations of the payment card associations and the Standard, which could result in additional expenses and administrative burdens. In addition, if we fail to follow payment card industry security standards, even if no consumer information is compromised, we could incur significant fines or experience a significant increase in payment card transaction costs. Compliance with the Standard may not prevent all security incidents.
We rely on banks, card schemes, and other payment processors to execute certain components of the payments process. For inbound payments, we pay these third parties interchange and other processing and gateway fees to facilitate payments from consumers to travel service providers. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with these third parties on favorable terms, fees are increased, or if we provide security, our profit margin, business, and results of operations could be harmed. Additionally, if these third parties experience service disruptions or if they cease operations, consumers and travel
19
service providers could have difficulty making or receiving payments, which could adversely impact our reputation, business, and results of operations.
In addition, in the event that one of our major travel service providers declares bankruptcy or otherwise ceases or limits operations, we could experience an increase in chargebacks from customers with travel reservations with such travel service provider and we could experience financial loss from certain prepayments made to such travel service provider if we are not able to recover the prepayments.
We face risks related to our intellectual property.
We regard our intellectual property as important to our success, and we rely on intellectual property such as trademarks, copyrights, patents, and trade secrets to support our business as well as domain names or other intangible rights or property secured through purchase, licensing or other