certain of Booking.com's contractual parity arrangements with accommodation providers are anti-competitive because they require partners to provide Booking.com with rates, conditions, and availability at least as favorable as those offered to other OTCs or by the partner itself. In July 2024, the Comisión Nacional de los Mercados y la Competencia (the "CNMC") in Spain notified Booking.com of its decision to impose a fine and to restrict certain business practices based on the allegation that certain practices by Booking.com may produce adverse effects for hotels and other OTCs. Booking.com does not agree with the rationale stated in the decision and certain of the restrictions imposed, and has filed an appeal. In September 2017 the Swiss Price Surveillance Office opened an investigation that may require Booking.com to reduce its commissions in Switzerland. To resolve and close certain of these investigations, we have made commitments regarding future business practices or activities, such as agreeing to narrow the scope of our parity arrangements. While we believe that we are complying with the commitments we have made, investigating authorities or third parties may determine otherwise and decide to pursue legal action to compel compliance or seek other remedies. We cooperate with regulators but we are unable to predict what, if any, effect any investigations or their resolution, including the effect of any commitments we might make, will have on our business, industry practices, or online commerce more generally. An unfavorable outcome in an investigation could encourage additional regulatory inquiries that could become widespread over time, significantly increasing the potential financial and reputational impact on the Company. Additionally, these types of investigations can result and have resulted in the assessment of fines, private litigation, and negative publicity.
We have also been involved in investigations or inquiries involving consumer protection matters and we have previously made voluntary commitments to consumer authorities to resolve investigations or inquiries that have included showing prices inclusive of all mandatory taxes and charges, providing information about the effect of money earned on search result rankings, displaying certain sustainability-related information about accommodations, making adjustments to how discounts and statements concerning popularity or availability are shown to consumers, and displaying additional customer service details. To the extent that these or any other investigations or inquiries result in additional commitments, changes to our business practices, negative publicity, fines, damages from private litigation, or other remedies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
There is significant legislative and public focus on the technology industry, especially as technology companies become larger. In some instances countries have