which typically includes marketable debt securities and equity securities of publicly-traded companies, the values of which are subject to market price volatility, and investments in private entities. Credit losses, impairments, and changes in the fair values of our investments could be volatile and they have had, and are likely to continue to have, a significant impact on our quarterly net income (or loss).
Our investments in private entities are inherently risky in that such companies are typically at an early stage of development, may have no or limited revenues, may not be or ever become profitable, may not be able to secure additional funding, or their technologies, services, or products may not be successfully developed or introduced to the market. Further, our ability to liquidate any such investments is typically dependent on a liquidity event as no public market exists for such securities. Valuations of privately-held entities are inherently complex and uncertain due to the lack of a liquid market for such securities. If we determine that any of our equity investments in such companies have experienced a decline in value, we are required to recognize the change in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For investments classified as debt securities, any decline in value attributed to credit losses is also recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We could lose the full amount of any of our investments, and impairment of our investments have previously and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
22
Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C.  Cybersecurity
We are dedicated to managing cybersecurity, privacy, and data protection and security risks. We employ various tools, processes, technologies, and controls to identify and manage such risks.
Identifying, assessing, and managing cybersecurity risk is generally integrated into our overall risk management processes.
The Company's internal audit function, with primary oversight by the Audit Committee, assesses key risks facing the organization, which are reviewed and discussed by the Company's management-level risk committee (a multi-disciplinary committee including representation from senior management in the finance, internal audit, and legal functions, among others). The risk committee is tasked with ensuring risks, including those related to cybersecurity, are managed and aligning strategic objectives with an appropriate level of risk tolerance.
The Cyber Risk Management Policy (the "Policy") establishes the framework for our cybersecurity risk management and governance. Our security teams operationalize the Policy across the Company and conduct cyber risk identification, assessment, management, and reporting. Our privacy teams are responsible for identifying, assessing, managing, and reporting on data protection risks. We leverage the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)