Booking Holdings Inc.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(In millions)
(1)
Primarily consists of foreign currency translation adjustments (see Note 14).
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
59
Booking Holdings Inc.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT) EQUITY
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
(In millions, except share data)
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
60
Booking Holdings Inc.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In millions)
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
61
Booking Holdings Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1.
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION
Booking Holdings Inc. ("Booking Holdings" or the "Company") seeks to make it easier for everyone to experience the world by providing consumers, travel service providers, and restaurants with leading travel and restaurant online reservation and related services. The Company offers its services through five primary consumer-facing brands: Booking.com, Priceline, Agoda, KAYAK, and OpenTable, which allow consumers to: book a broad array of accommodations (including hotels, motels, resorts, homes, apartments, bed and breakfasts, hostels, and other alternative and traditional accommodations properties) and a flight to their destinations; make a car rental reservation or arrange for an airport taxi; make a dinner reservation; or book a vacation package, tour, activity, or cruise. Consumers can also use the Company's meta-search services to easily compare travel reservation information, such as flight, hotel, and rental car reservations from hundreds of online travel platforms at once. In addition, the Company offers other services to consumers, travel service providers and restaurants, such as travel-related insurance products and restaurant management services
.
2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Presentation
The Company's Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, including acquired businesses from the dates of acquisition. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and footnotes thereto. Actual results may differ significantly from those estimates. The estimates underlying the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements relate to, among other things, the valuation of goodwill and other long-lived tangible and intangible assets, the valuation of investments in private entities, income taxes, contingencies, stock-based compensation, the allowance for expected credit losses (also referred to as provision for bad debts or provision for uncollectible accounts), chargeback provisions, and the accrual of obligations