discrimination, or criminal activities occurring at these properties. We have no control over the actions of our consumers, property owners, and other third parties during a stay, and cannot guarantee the safety of such individuals. We have not in the past and may not in the future undertake to systematically verify the safety, quality, and legal compliance of our alternative accommodation listings. We rely on property owners to disclose information relating to their listings and such information may be inaccurate or incomplete. Moreover, Booking.com facilitates the provision of partner liability insurance that may protect alternative accommodation partners against liability claims, lawsuits by third parties for bodily injury, or personal property damage that occur during a stay at a partner property. This partner liability insurance, if applicable to the claim, may provide partners with up to $1.0 million equivalent (policy limit) of third party liability coverage related to the underlying claim, though the Company could be required to pay amounts in excess of the policy limit. Any resulting complaints or claims could result in negative publicity and increased costs, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, and results of operations.
Alternative accommodation regulation is new and evolving, and laws, regulations, or property association rules could impose obligations on property owners and managers that limit or negatively affect their ability to rent their properties. For example, in conjunction with the Digital Services Act ("DSA"), the European Commission (the "EC") has adopted a short-term rental regulation that imposes new obligations around property owner registration, property verification, and enforcement of local registration schemes. Some jurisdictions have adopted or are considering restrictions on the ability to offer alternative accommodation properties or that require online platforms, owners, or managers to obtain a license to rent or list alternative accommodations. From time to time, we have been and are subject to inquiries related to compliance with alternative accommodation legal requirements that have resulted in fines and could result in additional fines, adversely affect our reputation, or require modifications to our business operations. Legal requirements applicable to alternative accommodations are evolving and can be inconsistent among individual localities, and we are unable to predict what effect they may have on our business. This dynamic regulatory environment requires us to expend significant time and resources and could negatively impact our alternative accommodation reservation business.
We face risks relating to our marketing efforts
.
We invest considerable resources in the establishment and maintenance of our brands, marketing and other brand building efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands, and to attract and retain customers. Performance marketing costs to grow traffic