taxes and more details about certain items that meet a quantitative threshold. Income taxes paid (net of refunds received) are required to be disclosed disaggregated by federal (national), state and foreign taxes and also by jurisdiction based on a quantitative threshold. The update is effective for annual financial statements beginning with the fiscal year 2025. In preparation for the adoption of the update, the Company is currently evaluating the impact to its Consolidated Financial Statements and establishing the related processes and internal controls.
3.
REVENUES
Disaggregation of Revenues
Revenues by Type of Service
Approximately
89
% of the Company's revenues for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 relate to online accommodation reservation services. Revenues from all other sources of online travel reservation services and advertising and other revenues each individually represent less than
10
% of the Company's total revenues for each year. The majority of the Company's merchant revenues and substantially all of its agency revenues are from Booking.com's accommodation reservations.
Revenues by Geographic Area
See Note 17 for the information related to revenues by geographic area.
68
Consumer Incentive
Programs
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, liabilities of $
150
million and $
149
million, respectively, were included in "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for incentives granted to consumers, including credits, loyalty programs, and discounts.
4.
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
The Company's 1999 Omnibus Plan, as amended and restated effective June 3, 2021, (the "1999 Plan") is the primary stock compensation plan from which broad-based employee, non-employee director, and consultant equity awards may be made. At December 31, 2024, there were approximately
828,000
shares of common stock available for future grants under the 1999 Plan.
Stock-based compensation issued under the plans generally consists of restricted stock units, performance share units, and stock options. Performance share units and restricted stock units are payable in shares of the Company's common stock upon vesting. The Company issues shares of its common stock upon the exercise of stock options. The tax benefit related to stock-based compensation was $
58
million, $
52
million, and $
40
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Restricted Stock Units and Performance Share Units
The Company makes broad-based grants of restricted stock units that generally vest during a period of
one
- to
three-years
, subject to certain exceptions for terminations other than for "cause," for "good reason," or on account of death or disability. The Company grants performance share units to executives and certain other employees, which generally vest at the end of a
three-year
period (with the exception of certain shorter-term performance share units), subject to certain exceptions for terminations other