price comparison tools, and as part of enhancing the development of our Connected Trip vision. Our evolving efforts to utilize Gen AI may increase risks related to harmful content, inaccuracies, bias or discrimination, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, data privacy, cybersecurity, or other issues. In some instances we may make use of third-party foundational models that have been pre-trained on data which may be insufficient, erroneous, stale, contain biased information, or infringe intellectual property rights. Our implementation of AI systems could result in legal liability, regulatory action, brand, reputational, or competitive harm, or subject us to new regulatory frameworks (such as the European Union Artificial Intelligence Act). Such risks are heightened if we or third-party developers or vendors lack sufficient responsible AI development or governance practices. If we enable or offer Gen AI solutions that have unintended consequences, are contrary to responsible AI policies and practices, or are otherwise controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, our reputation, competitive position, business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.
Our Gen AI initiatives will require increased investment in infrastructure and headcount. If our Gen AI investments are not successful or our competitors are better at the deployment of Gen AI technologies longer-term, our business and financial performance could be harmed.
We rely on the performance of highly skilled employees; and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key employees or hire, retain, and motivate well-qualified employees, our business would be harmed.
11
Our performance relies on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing to attract and retain a highly skilled workforce. Our ability to attract and retain talent could be negatively impacted by factors such as the recently announced organizational changes, including an expected workforce reduction, and our hybrid work environment.
Competition for well-qualified employees, especially software engineers and other technology professionals, is intense and costly. In addition, our customer service resources (including outsource arrangements) may be unable to provide adequate customer service support. Our success has led to increased efforts by our competitors and others to hire our employees. These difficulties may be amplified by increased ability to work remotely, evolving restrictions on immigration or availability of visas or work permits for skilled technology workers, requirements of applicable collective bargaining agreements, and laws in certain jurisdictions that make recruiting senior talent more difficult, such as the reductions in the partial tax exemption that benefits certain non-Dutch citizens working in the Netherlands. These factors