amounts from prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. These include the reclassification in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2023 of certain liabilities aggregating $
106
million from "Accounts payable" to "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities" to better reflect the progress of the underlying transactions in the procure-to-pay process.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Adopted
Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity
On January 1, 2022, the Company adopted the accounting standards update relating to convertible instruments and contracts in an entity's own equity. Under the updated guidance, upon the initial recognition of convertible debt, the Company presents the entire amount attributable to the debt as a liability. The initial carrying amount of the convertible debt liability is reduced by any direct and incremental issuance costs paid to third parties that are associated with the convertible debt issuance. In calculating diluted earnings per share, the accounting standards update also requires the use of the if-converted method for the Company's convertible debt. See Note 8 for additional information on net income per share calculations.
The Company adopted the accounting standards update on a modified retrospective basis applied to the
0.75
% convertible senior notes due in May 2025 (see Note 12) resulting in an increase of $
30
million to "Retained earnings" as of January 1, 2022. The significant corresponding balance sheet changes as of that date were an increase of $
86
million to "Long-term debt" and decreases of $
96
million to "Additional paid-in capital" and $
21
million to "Deferred income taxes."
Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
In fiscal 2024, the Company adopted the accounting standards update that requires additional reportable segment disclosures, including segment revenues, significant expenses, and segment profit or loss. See Note 17.
Other Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Expense Disaggregation Disclosures
In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an accounting standards update that requires the Company to disclose additional information about certain expense categories in the notes to financial statements at interim and annual reporting periods. The update is effective for annual financial statements beginning with the fiscal year 2027 and interim financial statements in the fiscal year 2028 onwards. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the accounting standards update on its Consolidated Financial Statements.
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued an accounting standards update related to income taxes that requires additional disclosures on the rate reconciliation and taxes paid. The update requires disclosure of additional categories of information in the tax rate reconciliation table about federal, state and foreign income