expects to complete its performance obligations generally within
one year
from the reservation date. The increase in the Deferred Merchant Booking balance during the year ended December 31, 2024 was principally due to the increase in business volumes.
Marketing Expenses
The Company's advertising expenses are reported in "Marketing expenses" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Marketing expenses consist of performance marketing expenses and brand marketing expenses. These expenses consist primarily of the costs of: (1) search engine keyword purchases; (2) affiliate programs; (3) referrals from meta-search websites; (4) other performance-based marketing, including social media marketing; and (5) offline and online brand marketing. Performance marketing expenses are expenses generally measured by return on investment or an increase in bookings over a specified time period and are recognized as incurred. Brand marketing expenses are expenses incurred to build brand awareness over a specified time period. These expenses consist primarily of television advertising and online video and display advertising (including the airing of the Company's television advertising online), as well as other marketing expenses such as public relations and sponsorships. Brand marketing expenses are generally recognized as incurred with the exception of advertising production costs, which are deferred and expensed the first time the advertisement is displayed or broadcast.
Sales and Other Expenses
Sales and other expenses are generally variable in nature and consist primarily of: (1) credit card and other payment processing fees associated with merchant transactions; (2) fees paid to third parties that provide call center and other customer services; (3) digital services taxes and other similar taxes (4) chargeback provisions and fraud prevention expenses associated with merchant transactions; (5) provisions for expected credit losses, mostly related to accommodation commission receivables; and (6) customer relations costs.
Personnel Expenses
Personnel expenses consist of compensation to the Company's personnel, including salaries, bonuses, and stock-based compensation, payroll taxes, and employee health and other benefits.
Stock-Based Compensation
Stock-based compensation expense related to performance share units, restricted stock units and stock options is recognized based on fair value on a straight-line basis over the respective requisite service periods and forfeitures are accounted for when they occur. The fair value on the grant date of performance share units and restricted stock units is determined based on the number of units granted and the quoted price of the Company's common stock. For performance share units with market conditions, the effect of the market condition is also considered in the determination of fair value on the grant date using Monte Carlo simulations. The fair value of employee stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes