currency sales were $
5.5
billion and $
4.2
billion, respectively. The notional amount of a foreign currency exchange derivative contract is the contracted amount of foreign currency to be exchanged and is not recorded in the balance sheet.
73
The effect of foreign currency exchange derivatives recorded in "Other income (expense), net" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 is as follows:
Other Financial Assets and Liabilities
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company's cash consisted of bank deposits. Cash equivalents principally include money market fund investments and certificates of deposit and their carrying value generally approximates the fair value as they are readily convertible to known amounts of cash. Other financial assets and liabilities, including restricted cash, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and deferred merchant bookings, are carried at cost which approximates their fair values because of the short-term nature of these items. Accounts receivable and other financial assets measured at amortized cost are carried at cost less an allowance for expected credit losses to present the net amount expected to be collected (see Note 7). See Note 12 for the estimated fair value of the Company's outstanding senior notes, including the estimated fair value of the Company's convertible senior notes.
7.
ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
Accounts receivable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2024 and 2023 includes receivables from customers of $
2.0
billion and $
1.9
billion, respectively, and receivables from payment processors and networks of $
1.2
billion and $
1.3
billion, respectively. The remaining balance principally relates to receivables from marketing affiliates. The Company's receivables are short-term in nature. The amounts mentioned above are stated on a gross basis, before deducting the allowance for expected credit losses.
Significant judgments and assumptions are required to estimate the allowance for expected credit losses and such assumptions may change in future periods, particularly the assumptions related to the business prospects and financial condition of customers and marketing affiliates, including macroeconomic conditions, inflationary pressures, and the Company's ability to collect the receivable or recover prepayments.
The following table summarizes the activity of the allowance for expected credit losses on receivables:
8.
NET INCOME PER SHARE
The Company computes basic net income per share by dividing net income applicable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is based upon the weighted-average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Only dilutive common equivalent shares that decrease the net income per share are included in the computation of diluted net income per share.
Common equivalent