on March 7, 2025.
Performance Measurement Comparison
The following graph shows the total stockholder return through December 31, 2024 of an investment of $100 in cash on December 31, 2019 for our common stock and an investment of $100 in cash on December 31, 2019 for (i) the NASDAQ Composite Index, (ii) the Standard and Poor's 500 Index, and (iii) the Research Data Group ("RDG") Internet Composite Index. The RDG Internet Composite Index is an index of stocks representing the internet industry, including internet software and service companies and e-commerce companies. Historic stock performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. All values assume reinvestment of the full amount of all dividends and are calculated as of the last day of each month:
25
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The following table sets forth information relating to repurchases of our equity securities during the three months ended December 31, 2024 (in billions, except share and per share data):
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
(1)
These amounts exclude the 1% excise tax mandated by the Inflation Reduction Act on share repurchases.
(2)
Pursuant to a stock repurchase program announced on February 23, 2023, whereby we were authorized to repurchase up to $20 billion of our common stock.
(3)    Pursuant
to a general authorization, not publicly announced, whereby we are authorized to repurchase shares of our common stock to satisfy employee withholding tax obligations related to stock-based compensation. The table above does not include adjustments during the three months ended December 31, 2024 to previously withheld share amounts (reduction of 40 shares) that reflect changes to the estimates of employee tax withholding obligations.
Item 6.  [Reserved]
26
Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes.
We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. We calculate constant currency based on the predominant transactional currency in each country, converting our current year results in currencies other than U.S. Dollars using the corresponding prior year monthly average exchange rates.
Overview
Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. We aim to provide consumers with a best-in-class experience offering the travel choices they want, with tailored planning, payment, language, and other options, seamlessly connecting them with our travel service provider partners. We offer these services through five primary consumer-facing brands: Booking.com, Priceline, Agoda, KAYAK, and OpenTable. See Notes 1 and 17 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information on our operating segments and revenue by geographic area.
We derive substantially all of our revenues from enabling consumers to make travel