objectives, including climate-related commitments we have made that require us to invest effort, resources, and management time, and failing to meet those objectives may adversely impact our reputation, employee retention, and willingness of customers and partners to do business with us.
In response to focus by our investors and other stakeholders, we made climate-related commitments and issued a Climate Action Plan. We continue to evaluate these commitments, including those related to offering more sustainable trip options as well as ESG disclosures that may be required in certain jurisdictions. Our ability to do so is subject to risks including: (1) the availability and cost of limiting or offsetting our use of carbon-based energy sources and technologies, (2) evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG standards and disclosures, (3) our ability to work with partners and providers that can meet our sustainability and other standards, (4) the availability of vendor or other third-party data, (5) the impact of our organic growth and acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or operations on our ESG goals, and (6) customers' actual demand for ESG-oriented product offerings, which may be more expensive and less available than other options. We may need to invest significant effort and resources relating to required ESG disclosures, and inconsistent and uncertain regulations may lead us to revise or discontinue our commitments or how we measure and report ESG data. In addition, regulatory developments regarding sustainability labeling have resulted and could result in further changes to, or the discontinuation of, ESG programs or objectives.
If our ESG practices and disclosures do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations or regulatory requirements, then our reputation, ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment or business partner could be negatively impacted. Similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our ESG-related objectives or to satisfy increasingly broad reporting obligations could expose us to government enforcement actions, private litigation, and actions by stockholders or stakeholders, and adversely impact our business, brands, or reputation.
20
Regulations and policies impacting the way corporations use cookies and other online tracking technologies could negatively impact the way we do business.
There are several privacy-driven initiatives that are changing the collection and use of consumer data in the digital marketing ecosystem. These include: requirements by browsers such as Safari and Google Chrome to require opt-in consent for third-party cookies; restrictions on the use of the identifier for advertisers (such as the Apple "IDFA") by mobile device manufacturers; Apple's iCloud+ Private Relay (which hides a user's IP address from websites that the user accesses in favor of other IP addresses provided by Apple's partners); and the adoption of