in the decision and the restrictions imposed, and has filed an appeal. Although the Company disagrees with the rationale stated in the decision, the Company accrued a loss of
486
million Euros ($
530
million) during the year ended December 31, 2023 (reflecting the initial fine amount in the CNMC's draft decision). As of June 30, 2024, to align with the CNMC's reduced final fine, the Company recorded a decrease of
72
million Euros ($
78
million) in its accrual. The initial accrual and subsequent decrease are reflected in "General and administrative" expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The related liability is included in "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
In September 2017, the Swiss Price Surveillance Office (the "Swiss PSO") opened an investigation into the level of commissions of Booking.com in Switzerland. Booking.com anticipates a negative decision ordering a reduction of commission in Switzerland. The exact scope, impact, and timing of its effects will depend on the order. Booking.com does not agree with the rationale underlying this expected negative decision and the restrictions expected to be imposed, and is continuing to engage with the Swiss PSO prior to the order being finalized. If the order were to become final, Booking.com plans to challenge aspects of it. In July 2023, the Polish Office of Competition and Consumer Protection opened an investigation into Booking.com's identification of private and professional hosts and its messaging in relation to obligations owed to consumers, and the investigation is ongoing. In 2024, the Italian Competition Authority (the "AGCM") investigated certain Booking.com business practices relating to hotels and other online travel agencies. Booking.com resolved the investigation by making certain commitments to the AGCM regarding its future business practices. If any of the investigations were to find that Booking.com practices violated the respective laws, or as part of a negotiated resolution, Booking.com may face significant fines, restrictions on its business practices, and/or be required to make other commitments.
The Company is and has been involved in investigations or inquiries by NCAs or other governmental authorities involving consumer protection matters. The Company has previously made certain voluntary commitments to authorities to resolve investigations or inquiries that have included showing prices inclusive of all mandatory taxes and charges, providing information about the effect of money earned on search result rankings on or before the search results page, adjusting how discounts and statements concerning popularity or availability are shown, and displaying additional customer service details. It is possible new jurisdictions could negotiate with the Company to implement changes to its business. The Company is unable to predict what, if any, effect any future such commitments will have