combined with inflationary pressure on compensation has caused our personnel expenses to attract and retain key talent to increase, which may adversely affect our results of operations. If we do not succeed in attracting and retaining well-qualified employees, our business, ability to grow and innovate, competitive position, reputation, and results of operations would be adversely affected.
Impairments of goodwill, long-term investments, and long-lived assets, increases in provisions for expected credit losses on receivables from and cash advances made to our travel service provider and restaurant partners, and increases in cash outlays to refund consumers for prepaid reservations have a negative impact on our results of operations.
We have recorded and may in the future record impairments of goodwill, long-term investments, or long-lived assets. Future events and changing market conditions may result in the need to recognize goodwill, investment, or asset impairment charges, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
Any significant increase in our provision for expected credit losses and any significant increase in cash outlays to refund consumers could have a corresponding adverse effect on our results of operations and related cash flows. We could experience a high level of cancellations of existing reservations which could result in higher than normal cash outlays to refund consumers for prepaid reservations. In some instances, where we had agreed to provide free cancellations to consumers for non-refundable reservations, we did not estimate a recovery of prepayments already made to travel service providers. We may also offer cancellable room rates on behalf of a partner to provide flexibility to our consumers even if the partner has not provided a cancellable room rate, which could have a negative impact on our revenues if we are unable to facilitate booking from another consumer.
We face risks related to our operational and technological infrastructures.
Our financial results depend on the successful execution of our operating plans. We previously announced our intention to implement certain organizational changes, including modernizing processes and systems, an expected workforce reduction, optimizing procurement, and seeking real estate savings (the "Transformation Program"). There are no assurances that we will achieve the estimated cost savings goals, realize the expected benefits from the Transformation Program, or manage the Transformation Program effectively. We may also incur significant charges related to the Transformation Program, which could reduce our profitability in the periods such charges are incurred. Our inability to generate anticipated cost savings, successfully implement our strategies, or efficiently manage our operating plans for the Transformation Program could negatively affect our business and results of operations.
Historically, our brands operated on a largely independent basis and