apps. An increasing percentage of our room nights are booked on our mobile apps. We believe that the growth of our payments capabilities across the Company removes friction from the booking process and delivers additional value for travelers and partners. We continue to execute against our long-term strategy to create an ideal traveler experience, offering our customers relevant options and connections at the times and in the language they want them, making trips booked with us seamless, easy, and valuable. We refer to this as the "Connected Trip." The goal of our Connected Trip vision is to offer a differentiated and personalized online travel planning, booking, payment, and in-trip experience for each trip, enhanced by a robust loyalty program that provides value to travelers and partners across all trips. In the near term, we are focused on providing consumers the ability to build a complete travel itinerary by enabling them to travel to their destination by flight or rental car, make a reservation with one of our accommodation partners, and experience an attraction while on their trip. We continue to grow our Connected Trip verticals, including 38% year-over-year flight ticket growth in 2024. We have also launched consumer-facing Gen AI capabilities, including a trip planner, an AI assistant to answer consumer queries, and a price comparison tool. We believe Gen AI has the potential to enhance our Connected Trip offering. We strive to provide excellent customer service, including through call centers and online platforms and the use of virtual assistants.
Partner with travel service providers and restaurants.
We aim to establish mutually beneficial relationships with our partners around the world. We believe they benefit from participating in our services by increasing their distribution channels, demand, profile and reputation, and inventory utilization in an efficient and cost-effective manner. They also benefit from our
2
trusted brands and marketing efforts, expertise in offering an excellent consumer experience, and ability to offer their inventory in markets and to consumers that they may otherwise be unable or unlikely to reach, for instance due to language or payments services we can offer on their behalf.
Operate multiple brands.
Our brands allow us to offer numerous services, appeal to different consumers, pursue distinct marketing and business strategies, encourage experimentation and innovation, and focus on specific markets or geographies. We continue to optimize collaboration among our brands to provide consumers with comprehensive and value-oriented services, share resources and technological innovations, and co-develop new services. We invest to support growth by our brands, whether through increased marketing, geographic expansion, technological innovation, or increased access to travel service offerings.
Invest in profitable and sustainable growth.
We seek to offer online services that meet the needs and the expectations of