18 to our Consolidated Financial Statements and Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information about foreign currency transaction gains and losses, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, the impact of such changes on the increase in our revenues and operating margins, our use of foreign currency exchange derivatives, and our designation of certain portions of our Euro-denominated debt as a hedge of the foreign currency exposure of the net investment in certain Euro functional currency subsidiaries. We generally enter into foreign currency exchange derivatives to hedge our exposure to the impact of movements in foreign currency exchange rates on our transactional balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. We will continue to evaluate the use of derivative instruments in the future. We also designate certain portions of the aggregate principal value of our Euro-denominated debt as a hedge of the foreign currency exposure of the net investment in certain Euro functional currency subsidiaries. Foreign currency transaction gains or losses are dependent on the amount of net assets of the Euro functional currency subsidiaries, the amount of the Euro-denominated debt that is designated as a hedge, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
See Notes 5 and 6 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our investments in equity securities of publicly-traded companies and private entities. We are exposed to equity price risk as it relates to changes in fair values of these investments. Our investments in private entities are measured at cost less impairment, if any. Such investments are also required to be measured at fair value as of the date of certain observable transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. A hypothetical 10% decrease in the fair values at December 31, 2024 and 2023 of our investments in equity securities of publicly-traded companies and private entities would have resulted in a loss, before tax, of approximately $55 million and $45 million, respectively, being recognized in net income.
Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The following Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (See Part IV, Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules): Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2024 and 2023; Consolidated Statements of Operations, Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' (Deficit) Equity, and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022; Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements; and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on