compliance obligations and costs on us. For example, under the GDPR violations could result in fines of up to 20 million Euros or up to 4% of the annual global revenues of the infringer, whichever is greater. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between us and our subsidiaries, including employee information. These laws and their interpretations continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Some of these regulations, such as the CCPA, give consumers a private right of action against companies for alleged violations. Non-compliance with these laws could result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation, significant penalties, or other legal liability. If laws or regulations are expanded to require changes in our business practices, or interpreted in ways that negatively affect our business, our results of operations, financial condition, or competitive position could be adversely affected.
Cyberattacks, system vulnerabilities, or inadequate system capacity could lead to sustained service outages, data loss, reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our competitive position.
If our systems cannot cope with the level of demand required to service our consumers and partners, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times, decreased customer service and customer satisfaction, and delays in the introduction of new services. We are dependent on the internet, connectivity, and mobile systems throughout the world. Disruptions in internet access could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. While we maintain redundant systems and hosting services, they may not be sufficient to prevent interruptions. Moreover, while we maintain insurance policies to protect against potential losses caused by security breaches, our insurance policies may not be adequate to reimburse us for all losses caused by security breaches.
We have computer hardware for operating our services located in hosting facilities around the world. Although we have disaster recovery plans, these systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption and they may not cover us in every region. If such events were to occur, we may not be able to recover our back-up systems immediately and it could result in lengthy interruptions or delays in our services. Any system failure that causes an interruption or delay in service could impair our reputation, damage our brands, increase customer service costs, or result in lost business, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We seek to improve the reliability and redundancy of our systems, however, these steps are expensive, may reduce our margins, and may not be successful in reducing the frequency or duration of unscheduled downtime.
We have experienced targeted and organized malware, phishing, and account takeover attacks,