the risks involved and based on assumptions representative of market participants.
Foreign Currency Translation
The functional currency of the Company's subsidiaries is generally the respective local currency. For operations outside of the U.S., assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. Dollars at the rate of exchange existing at the balance sheet date. Income statement amounts are translated at monthly average exchange rates applicable for the period. Translation gains and losses are included as a component of "Accumulated other comprehensive loss" in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in "Other income (expense), net" in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Derivatives
As a result of the Company's operations outside of the U.S., it is exposed to various market risks that may affect its consolidated results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. These market risks include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. For the Company's operations outside of the U.S., the primary foreign currency exposures are in Euros and British Pounds Sterling, the currencies in which the Company conducts a significant portion of its business activities. As a result, the Company faces exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates as the financial results of its operations outside of the U.S. are translated from local currencies into U.S. Dollars upon consolidation. Additionally, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of an entity result in gains and losses that are reflected in net income.
64
The Company may enter into derivative instruments to hedge certain net exposures of nonfunctional currency denominated assets and liabilities, even though it does not elect to apply hedge accounting or hedge accounting does not apply. These contracts are generally short-term in duration. Certain of the Company's derivative instruments have master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. The Company is exposed to the risk that counterparties to derivative instruments may fail to meet their contractual obligations. The Company regularly reviews its credit exposure and assesses the creditworthiness of its counterparties. The Company reports the fair value of its derivative assets and liabilities on a gross basis in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in "Other current assets" and "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities," respectively. Unless designated as hedges for accounting purposes, gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments are recognized in "Other income (expense), net" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period that the changes occur and are classified within "Net cash provided by operating activities" or