expected U.S. statutory federal rate of
21
% for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 as a result of the following items:
Uncertain Tax Positions
The following is a reconciliation of the total beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits:
The increase in unrecognized tax benefits during the year ended December 31, 2024 primarily relates to certain 2018 U.S. federal taxes that are impacted by the recent U.S. Tax Court decision in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. vs. Commissioner. The majority of unrecognized tax benefits are included in "Other assets, net" in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2024. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, that would affect the effective tax rate are $
236
million as of December 31, 2024. It is reasonably possible that the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits could change over the next 12 months. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, total gross interest and penalties accrued was $
6
million and $
7
million, respectively. See Note 16 for more information regarding tax contingencies.
The Company's major taxing jurisdictions include: the Netherlands, U.S., Singapore, and the United Kingdom (the "UK"). The statutes of limitations that remain open related to these major tax jurisdictions are: the Company's Netherlands returns for 2019 and forward, U.S. federal returns for 2018, as well as 2021 and forward, Singapore returns from 2019 and forward, and UK returns for 2021 and forward.
85
16.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Competition and Consumer Protection Reviews
Online travel platforms have been the subject of investigations or inquiries by national competition authorities ("NCAs") or other governmental authorities regarding competition law matters, consumer protection issues, and other areas. The Company is and has been involved in many such investigations. For example, the Company is involved in investigations related to whether Booking.com's contractual parity arrangements with accommodation providers are anti-competitive because they require partners to provide Booking.com with rates, conditions, and availability at least as favorable as those offered to other OTCs or by the partner itself. To resolve certain of the parity-related investigations, the Company has from time to time made commitments regarding future business practices or activities, such as agreeing to narrow the scope of its parity clauses. Some of these investigations have resulted in fines and the Company could incur additional fines and/or be restricted in certain of its business practices in the future.
In 2024, the Comisión Nacional de los Mercados y la Competencia in Spain (the "CNMC") imposed a fine of
413
million Euros and decided to restrict certain of Booking.com's business practices such as those relating to parity provisions and the ranking criteria that Booking.com can use to determine how to rank hotels in its display to customers. Booking.com does not agree with the rationale stated