Euro-denominated debt and accrued interest that were not designated as net investment hedges, and gains of $59 million and losses of $85 million, respectively, on derivative contracts.
See Note 9 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our convertible senior notes.
Income Taxes
Our 2025 effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21%, primarily due to the benefit of the Netherlands Innovation Box Tax (discussed below), partially offset by higher international tax rates, U.S. federal and state tax associated with our international earnings, and non-deductible expenses related to the May 2025 Notes. Our 2024 effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21%, primarily due to the benefit of the Netherlands Innovation Box Tax, partially offset by higher international tax rates, certain non-deductible expenses, and U.S. federal and state tax associated with our international earnings.
Our effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was lower compared to the effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to certain higher discrete tax benefits, certain lower non-deductible expenses, and lower international tax rates, partially offset by a decrease in the benefit of the Netherlands Innovation Box Tax, and higher U.S. federal and state tax associated with our international earnings.
28
During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, a majority of our income was reported in the Netherlands, where Booking.com is based. Under Dutch corporate income tax law, income generated from qualifying innovative activities is taxed at a rate of 9% ("Innovation Box Tax") rather than the Dutch statutory rate of 25.8%. A portion of Booking.com's earnings during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 qualified for Innovation Box Tax treatment, which had a beneficial impact on the effective tax rates for these periods. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - "
We may not be able to maintain our 'Innovation Box Tax' benefit
" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our primary source of funds for operations is the cash flow that we generate from operations. We use our cash for a variety of needs, including ongoing investments in our business, share repurchases, dividends, repayment of debt, and capital expenditures. Our continued access to sources of liquidity depends on multiple factors. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - "
Our liquidity, credit ratings, and ongoing access to capital could be materially and negatively affected by global financial conditions and events
" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Our financial results and prospects are almost entirely dependent on facilitating the sale of travel-related services. Marketing expenses, personnel expenses, and sales and other expenses are the