negative impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
Flight gross bookings increased 30% year-over-year for the three months ended March 31, 2025, due to airline ticket growth, partially offset by lower average airline ticket prices. Rental car gross bookings increased 5% year-over-year for the three months ended March 31, 2025, due primarily to rental car days growth, partially offset by lower average daily car rental prices.
25
Revenues
See "Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 for additional information on our revenues, including merchant, agency, and advertising and other revenues. Substantially all of our revenues are generated by providing online travel reservation services, which facilitate online travel purchases by travelers from travel service providers.
Merchant revenues increased year-over-year while agency revenues decreased year-over-year for the three months ended March 31, 2025 due primarily to the ongoing shift from agency revenues to merchant revenues at Booking.com. Advertising and other revenues increased year-over-year for the three months ended March 31, 2025 due to growth at OpenTable and growth in advertising revenues at Booking.com and Agoda. The year-over-year growth in total revenues was negatively impacted from the shift in the timing of the Easter holiday relative to last year.
Total revenues as a percentage of gross bookings increased year-over-year for the three months ended March 31, 2025 due to an increase in revenues related to facilitating payments, partially offset by an increase in the mix of flight gross bookings, which have lower revenues as a percentage of gross bookings, and a negative impact from differences in the timing of booking versus travel. The negative impact from differences in timing of booking versus travel was driven by the shift in the timing of the Easter holiday relative to last year.
Operating Expenses
See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 for additional information about the components of our operating expenses and the related accounting policies.
Marketing
Expenses
Our marketing expenses, which are substantially variable in nature, increased year-over-year for the three months ended March 31, 2025, to help drive additional gross bookings and revenues. Marketing expenses as a percentage of total gross bookings in the three months ended March 31, 2025 were higher than in the three months ended March 31, 2024 due to lower performance marketing ROIs, which was driven by changes in paid traffic mix, and increased spend in social media channels. This was partially offset by an increase in the share of room nights booked by consumers coming directly to our platforms as well as lower brand marketing expenses.
Sales and Other Expenses
26
Sales and