related to cybersecurity, privacy, and data protection and security.
The Cybersecurity Subcommittee
of the Audit Committee oversees management's efforts and processes to identify, assess, and manage significant cybersecurity and privacy risks and regulatory developments in this area.
The cybersecurity and privacy leaders meet with the Cybersecurity Subcommittee to discuss the Company's cybersecurity and data protection risk exposures, including steps management has taken to assess and manage such exposures and their potential impact on the Company's business, operations, and reputation. The Cybersecurity Subcommittee reports periodically on these matters to the Audit Committee and the Board.
The individuals serving in the roles of chief security officer and chief privacy officer have enterprise-wide responsibility for assessing and managing cybersecurity, data protection and security, and privacy risks, respectively. These leaders collectively have over 25 years of relevant work experience in public companies and extensive industry expertise.
23
Item 2.  Properties
We lease office space facilities for our corporate headquarters in Norwalk, Connecticut, United States of America. We lease additional space, including office space and data center facilities in various locations around the world, to support our operations, the largest being the headquarters of our Booking.com business in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current requirements, and that suitable additional or substitute space will be available as needed to accommodate any further expansion of operations.
Item 3.  Legal Proceedings
A description of any material legal proceedings to which we are a party is included in
Note 16
to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and is incorporated into this Item 3 by reference.
Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
24
PART II
Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Common Stock
Our common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "BKNG."
Holders
At February 13, 2025, there were approximatel
y 111 s
hareholders of record of Booking Holdings Inc.'s common stock.
Dividend Policy
On January 25, 2024, our Board of Directors (the "Board") adopted a dividend policy pursuant to which we intend to pay quarterly cash dividends on our common stock. Declaration of dividends pursuant to the policy will be subject to the Board's consideration of, among other things, our financial performance, cash flows, capital needs, and liquidity.
Pursuant to the dividend policy, cash dividends of $1.2 billion were paid during the year ended December 31, 2024 and in February 2025, the Board declared a cash dividend of $9.60 per share of common stock, payable on March 31, 2025 to stockholders of record as of the close of business