including stock-based compensation expenses.
We believe that our existing cash balances, liquid resources, and access to capital markets will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months.
Cash, cash equivalents, and investments
At December 31, 2024, we had $16.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and investments, of which approximately $9.6 billion is held by our international subsidiaries. Cash, cash equivalents, and long-term investments held by our international subsidiaries are denominated primarily in Euros, U.S. Dollars, and British Pounds Sterling. Our investment policy seeks to preserve capital and maintain sufficient liquidity to meet operational and other needs of the business. See Notes 5 and 6 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Deferred merchant bookings
Deferred merchant bookings of $4.0 billion at December 31, 2024 includes cash payments received from travelers in advance of us completing our performance obligations and are comprised principally of amounts estimated to be payable to travel service providers as well as our estimated future revenues for our commission or margin and fees. The amounts are mostly subject to refunds for cancellations.
Debt
Our revolving credit facility extends a revolving line of credit up to $2 billion to us. We are in compliance with the maximum leverage ratio covenant under the facility, which is a condition to our ability to borrow.
In 2024, we issued senior notes with varying maturities for aggregate cash proceeds of $4.8 billion. The proceeds from the issuance of these senior notes are available for general corporate purposes, including to repurchase shares of our common stock and to redeem or repay outstanding indebtedness. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we paid $1.1 billion on the maturity of the Senior Notes due September 2024.
As of November 1, 2024, holders of our convertible senior notes due in May 2025 ("May 2025 Notes") are entitled to repayment of the principal amount of the notes in cash, and if they exercise their option to convert, the note holders are entitled to cash payment for the conversion premium, which is the conversion value in excess of the principal amount, settled at maturity. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we paid $198 million in aggregate upon the conversion of the May 2025 Notes at the note holders' option.
The total outstanding senior notes at December 31, 2024 had cumulative interest to maturity (based on coupon interest rates) of $4.5 billion, with $546 million payable within the next twelve months.
See Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to our debt arrangements, including principal amounts, interest rates, and maturity dates.
Share repurchases and dividends
See Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to our stock repurchases, authorization