on the Company's effective tax rates for these periods.
The aggregate amount of unrecognized tax benefits for all matters at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 was $
263
million and $
260
million, respectively. As of March 31, 2025, net unrecognized tax benefits of $
238
million, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, total gross interest and penalties accrued was $
7
million and $
6
million, respectively. The majority of unrecognized tax benefits are included in "Other assets, net" in the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2025. It is reasonably possible that the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits could change over the next 12 months.
14
12.
CHANGES IN ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS BY COMPONENT
The table below presents the changes in the balances of accumulated other comprehensive loss ("AOCI") by component:
13.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Competition and Consumer Protection Reviews
Online travel platforms have been the subject of investigations or inquiries by national competition authorities ("NCAs") or other governmental authorities regarding competition law matters, consumer protection issues, and other areas. The Company is and has been involved in many such investigations and from time to time has made commitments regarding future business practices or activities, such as agreeing to narrow the scope of its contractual parity provisions with accommodation providers. Some of these investigations have resulted in fines and the Company could incur additional fines and/or be restricted in certain of its business practices in the future.
In 2024, the Comisión Nacional de los Mercados y la Competencia in Spain (the "CNMC") imposed a fine and restricted certain of Booking.com's business practices such as those relating to contractual parity provisions and the ranking criteria that Booking.com can use to determine how to rank hotels in its display to customers. Booking.com does not agree with the rationale stated in the decision and the restrictions imposed, and has filed an appeal. In February 2025, the Spanish National Court ruled that the CNMC decision, including payment of the fine, is suspended pending the outcome of the appeal. The CNMC and certain third parties have sought to clarify the scope of the court's ruling, including its suspensory effect. In connection with the suspension of the fine payment, Booking.com entered into a bank guarantee arrangement in April 2025. Although the Company disagrees with the rationale stated in the CNMC decision, it recorded a liability for this matter with $
446
million included in "Other long-term liabilities" and $
428
million included in "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
In 2017, the Swiss Price Surveillance Office (the "Swiss PSO") opened an investigation into the level of commissions of Booking.com in