passed legislation that goes further to restrict business activities than actions taken by NCAs or other regulatory authorities. The EU's Platform to Business Regulation regulates the relationship between online platforms such as Booking.com and European business users of online platforms. The DMA and DSA give regulators in the EU more instruments to investigate and regulate digital businesses and impose additional rules and requirements on platforms designated as "gatekeepers" under the DMA and online platforms more generally, with separate rules for "Very Large Online Platforms" ("VLOPs") under the DSA. As a result of our designation as a gatekeeper under the DMA and Booking.com's designation as a VLOP under the DSA, we are subject to additional rules and regulations that may not be applicable to our competitors. For example, Booking.com has implemented changes to address the DMA prohibition on parity arrangements in the European Economic Area and the requirements regarding the usage of data across services, which could adversely impact our business. As a gatekeeper, we also established an independent compliance function to monitor compliance with the DMA. Under the DSA, as a VLOP, Booking.com is required to collect more information from partners, which could disincentivize certain partners from using our services. Booking.com is also subject to additional scrutiny, obligations, and costs, such as payment of an annual supervisory fee, annual risk assessments and independent audits, and establishing an independent compliance function. The DMA and DSA each have significant penalties for non-compliance, and could lead to private litigation. Our compliance costs have increased in connection with becoming subject to the DMA and DSA, each of which remains subject to further interpretation and regulatory engagement, and could require additional changes to our products, business practices, and compliance activities in the future.
The EC designates VLOPs based on a platform's number of EU "monthly active recipients" ("MARs"). The EC requires counting users who display and to whom information was displayed (e.g., partners and consumers), even if a user does not make a transaction on the platform. The assessment of MARs and any other similarly published information by our brands represents an estimate based on the data available to us and limited guidance, and is subject to limitations. Any such estimate is published solely as required by applicable rules or regulations, may be inaccurate, and should not be used for any other purpose.
New state and federal laws and regulations could impact our services, require us to change our business practices, and impose additional complexity and costs. As market conditions change as a result of investigations, litigation, legislation, changing public perception of the industry, or political or social pressure, we may decide to modify our business practices beyond what is required, the full effects of which may not be