Google), affiliate marketing, meta-search, and social media channels to generate traffic to our platforms. Our brand marketing expenses are primarily related to costs associated with producing and airing digital branding and television advertising.
28
Marketing efficiency, expressed as marketing expenses as a percentage of gross bookings, and performance marketing returns on investment ("ROIs") are impacted by a number of factors that are in some cases outside of our control. Such factors include ADRs, costs per click, cancellation rates, foreign currency exchange rates, our ability to convert paid traffic to booking customers, and the timing and effectiveness of our brand marketing campaigns. In recent years, we observed periods of stable or increasing ROIs. Although it is difficult to predict how ROIs will change in the future, ROIs could be negatively impacted by increased levels of competition and other factors. When evaluating our performance marketing spend, we typically consider several factors for each channel, such as the customer experience on the advertising platform, the incremental traffic we receive, and anticipated repeat rates. Marketing efficiency can also be impacted by the extent to which consumers come directly to our platforms for bookings. The mix of our total room nights booked by consumers coming directly to our platforms was a mid-fifties percentage in 2024, and was a higher percentage of room nights if we exclude the room nights booked through affiliate programs (i.e., business-to-business). Both of these percentages increased year-over-year, which benefited our marketing efficiency versus 2023. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors
- "
We face risks relating to our marketing efforts
" and "
We are dependent on travel service providers, restaurants, search platforms, and other third parties.
"
Booking.com had approximately 4.0 million total properties on its website at December 31, 2024, representing an increase from approximately 3.4 million total properties at December 31, 2023. At December 31, 2024, the total properties on Booking.com's website consisted of approximately 3.5 million alternative accommodation properties (including homes, apartments, and other unique places to stay) and approximately 500,000 hotels, motels, and resorts.
The mix of Booking.com's room nights booked for alternative accommodation properties in 2024 was approximately 35%, up versus approximately 33% in 2023. We have observed a longer-term trend of an increasing mix of room nights booked for alternative accommodation properties as consumer demand for these types of properties has grown, and as we have increased the number and variety of these properties on Booking.com. We may experience lower profit margins due to additional costs, such as increased customer service or certain partner related costs, related to offering alternative accommodations. As our alternative accommodation business has grown, these different characteristics have negatively