in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recorded additional estimated expenses of
72
million Euros ($
77
million) included in "Personnel" expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The related liability is included in "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. On a go-forward basis, Booking.com B.V. expects to begin paying pension premiums to the BPF scheme or to increase contributions to the benefit of employees under its existing pension scheme.
From time to time, the Company notifies the competent data protection authority, such as the Dutch data protection authority in accordance with its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation, of certain data security incidents. Should, for example, the Dutch data protection authority decide these incidents were the result of inadequate technical and organizational security measures or practices, it may impose a fine or require other commitments.
87
The Company has been, is currently, and expects to continue to be, subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including claims of alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. Such claims could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, divert management's attention, and adversely affect the Company's business, reputation, results of operations, and cash flows.
The Company accrues for certain other legal contingencies where it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Such accrued amounts are not material to the Company's balance sheets and provisions recorded have not been material to the Company's results of operations or cash flows.
Other Contractual Obligations and Contingencies
The Company had $
650
million and $
533
million of standby letters of credit and bank guarantees issued on behalf of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, including those issued under the revolving credit facility. These were obtained primarily for regulatory purposes. See Note 12 for information related to letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility.
Booking.com offers partner liability insurance that provides protection to certain accommodation partners ("home partners") in instances where a reservation has been made via Booking.com. The partner liability insurance may provide those home partners (both owners and property managers) coverage up to $
1
million equivalent per occurrence, subject to limitations and exclusions, against third-party lawsuits claims for bodily injury, or third party personal property damage that occurred during a stay booked through Booking.com. Booking.com retains certain financial risks related to this insurance offering, which is underwritten by third party insurance companies.
17.
SEGMENT