departures of key personnel.
Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock could adversely affect the market price of our common stock by introducing a large number of sellers or short sellers to the market. In addition, fluctuations in our stock price and our price-to-earnings multiple may have made or may make our stock attractive to momentum, hedge, or day-trading investors ,which could exacerbate price fluctuations.
The market for technology stocks or the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, which has caused, and may cause in the future, a decrease in the market price of our common stock due to a number of factors, many of which are out of our control. To the extent that the public's perception of the prospects of technology, e-commerce, or travel companies is negative, our stock price could decline, regardless of our operating results or financial performance.
In the past, we have been a defendant in securities class action litigation.  If our stock price declines or is volatile, it could increase the chances that we become the target of securities class action litigation, which could result in substantial costs and divert management's attention and resources, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We face increased risks if the level of our debt increases.
We have a substantial amount of outstanding indebtedness and we may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. Our outstanding indebtedness and any additional indebtedness we incur may have significant consequences, which may be amplified if our cash flow and earnings decrease, and could include:
•
requiring the dedication of a portion of our cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes;
•
increased vulnerability to downturns in our business, competitive pressures, and adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions, and less flexibility when planning for or reacting to changes in our business and industry; and
•
decreased or lost ability to obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to us.
Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance, which is subject to many factors beyond our control. Further, we may not have access to equity or debt markets or other sources of financing, or such financing may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, to repay or refinance our debt as it comes due or, in the case of our convertible notes, upon conversion. Our ability to make share repurchases and the payment of dividends rely on our access to capital, which depends on cash flow generated by our business and the availability of financing.
The value of our investments could decline, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
We maintain an investment portfolio,