of non-cancellable purchase obligations individually greater than $10 million, of which $227 million is payable within the next twelve months. Such purchase obligations relate to agreements to purchase goods and services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify significant terms, including the quantities to be purchased, price provisions, and the approximate timing of the transaction. At March 31, 2025, we had lease obligations of $737 million, of which $162 million is payable within the next twelve months.
At March 31, 2025, we had a remaining transition tax liability of $486 million as a result of the
U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act")
, which included $257 million reported as "Long-term U.S. transition tax liability" and $229 million included in "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities" in the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet. This liability will be paid over the next two years. Due to the 2024 U.S. Tax Court decision in
Varian Medical Systems, Inc. vs. Commissioner
, a portion of our total transition tax liability may be refunded. In accordance with the Tax Act, generally, future repatriation of our international cash will not be subject to a U.S. federal income tax liability as a dividend, but will be subject to U.S. state income taxes and international withholding taxes, which have been accrued by us.
See Note 13 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for information related to the standby letters of credit and bank guarantees issued on our behalf.
See Note 13 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and Part I, Item IA, Risk Factors - "
Our business is subject to various competition, consumer protection, and online commerce laws and regulations around the world, and as the size of our business grows, scrutiny of our business by legislators and regulators in these areas may intensify"
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 for information related to certain regulatory matters and our other contingent liabilities.
See Note 13 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and Part I, Item IA, Risk Factors - "
We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities"
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 for information related to certain tax assessments and other tax matters.
See "Trends" above for information on the Transformation Program that we announced in November 2024 to implement certain organizational changes, including the estimated annual run rate savings and restructuring costs and accelerated investments required for the program.
Cash Flow Analysis
See our Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for additional information related to our cash flows.
Net cash provided by operating activities for the three months ended March 31, 2025 resulted from net income of $333 million, a favorable net impact from adjustments for non-cash and other items of $899 million, and a favorable net change in working capital