channel without the cost of promoting the new entrant's brand and also compete directly with us for customers. They may also evolve into more traditional online travel companies ("OTCs") by offering consumers the ability to make travel reservations directly. Moreover, some of our competitors and potential competitors offer a variety of online services, many of which are used by consumers more frequently than online travel services or have created "super-apps" where consumers can use such various services without leaving the company's app. A competitor that has established other, more frequent online or app-based interactions with consumers may be
8
able to more easily or cost-effectively acquire customers for its online travel services than we can. Some competitors include private equity-funded platforms, which can more easily withstand significant losses for an extended period of time while building market share through heavy marketing and/or discounting of their services. In addition, competitors may more effectively invest in online marketing channels, which could hinder growth of our services if they are more successful at promoting their platform than us.
For many consumers, the price of a travel service is the primary factor determining whether to book a reservation. In some cases, our competitors are willing to make little or no profit on a transaction or offer travel services at a loss in order to gain market share. In certain markets, we may need to provide discounts or other incentives in order to be competitive, which may make it difficult for us to maintain or grow market share, maintain historical profit margins, and may also result in lower ADRs and lower revenues as a percentage of gross bookings. Consolidation among travel service providers or the development of alternative offerings as a result of Gen AI could result in lower OTC commission rates, increased discounting, and greater incentives for consumers to join closed-user groups as such travel service providers expand their offerings. If we are unable to effectively offer competitive prices, our revenues, market share, business, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
We face risks related to the growth rate and the global expansion of our business.
We have significant operations in countries outside the United States and derive a substantial portion of our gross bookings from these countries. Our OTC operations outside of the United States historically had achieved significant year-over-year growth in their gross bookings, though growth rates have generally declined over time as the absolute level of our gross bookings increased and online travel growth rates declined. Other factors may also slow the growth rates of our businesses outside of the United States, including economic conditions, strengthening of the U.S. Dollar versus other currencies, declines in ADRs, increases in cancellations, adverse changes in travel market conditions, and