Europe and Asia. Rental car days reserved through our services increased in 2024 compared to 2023, driven primarily by year-over-year growth in rental car days reserved on Booking.com. Airline tickets reserved through our services increased in 2024 compared to 2023, driven primarily by the expansion of flight offerings at Booking.com and Agoda.
Gross bookings resulting from reservations of room nights, rental car days, and airline tickets made through our merchant and agency categories for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (numbers may not total due to rounding):
Merchant gross bookings increased and agency gross bookings decreased in 2024 compared to 2023, due primarily to the ongoing shift from agency to merchant bookings at Booking.com. The year-over-year increase in merchant gross bookings in 2024 was also due to strong growth in gross bookings from merchant accommodation reservation services at Agoda and merchant flight reservation services at Booking.com and Agoda.
The year-over-year increase in total gross bookings in 2024 was due primarily to the increase in room nights and the positive impact from year-over-year growth in flight gross bookings, partially offset by a negative impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
Flight gross bookings increased 28% year-over-year in 2024, due to airline ticket growth, partially offset by lower airline ticket prices. Rental car gross bookings increased 7% year-over-year in 2024, due primarily to rental car days growth, partially offset by lower average daily car rental prices.
33
Revenues
Online travel reservation services
Substantially all of our revenues are generated by providing online travel reservation services, which facilitate online travel purchases by travelers from travel service providers.
Revenues from online travel reservation services are classified into two categories:
•
Merchant.
Merchant revenues are derived from travel-related transactions where we facilitate payments from travelers for the services provided, generally at the time of booking. These include transactions where travelers book accommodation, rental car, airline reservations, and other travel related services. The majority of our merchant revenues are from Booking.com's accommodation reservations. Merchant revenues include:
◦
travel reservation commissions and transaction net revenues (i.e., the amount charged to travelers, including the contra-revenue impact of merchandising, less the amount owed to travel service providers) in connection with our merchant reservation services;
◦
revenues from facilitating payments, such as credit card processing rebates and customer processing fees; and
◦
ancillary fees, including travel-related insurance revenues.
•
Agency.
Agency revenues are derived from travel-related transactions where we do not facilitate payments from travelers for the services provided. Agency revenues consist almost entirely of travel reservation commissions from our accommodation,