agreements with our employees, travel service providers, partners, and other parties. We have filed applications for protection of certain aspects of our intellectual property in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, and we currently hold a number of issued patents in several jurisdictions. In the future we may acquire additional intellectual property portfolios, which could require significant cash expenditures. We have licensed in the past, and may license in the future, certain of our proprietary rights, such as trademarks or copyrighted material, to third parties, and these licensees may take actions that diminish the value of our proprietary rights or harm our reputation. We also have procured various intellectual property licenses from third parties. Additionally, we periodically use open source software in connection with our software development, which use could subject us to claims of ownership from other parties of what we believe to be open source software or non-compliance with open source licensing terms, or require us to disclose our proprietary source code. Further, there is uncertainty about the validity and enforceability of intellectual property rights related to our use of Gen AI. Effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our services are made available, particularly in certain jurisdictions in which we operate in which theft of intellectual property may be more prevalent. We may be required to expend significant time and resources to prevent infringement or to enforce our intellectual property rights.
We endeavor to defend our intellectual property rights diligently, but intellectual property litigation is expensive and time-consuming, and may divert managerial attention and resources from our business objectives. We may not be able to successfully defend our intellectual property rights or our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to effectively protect our business, which could adversely affect our business, brands, and results of operations.
From time to time, in the ordinary course of our business, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual property rights of others, and we expect that third parties will continue to assert intellectual property claims against us. Successful infringement claims against us could result in a significant monetary liability and/or prevent us from operating our business, or require us to change business practices or develop non-infringing alternatives, which could require significant effort and expense. In addition, resolution of claims may require us to obtain licenses to intellectual property rights belonging to third parties, which may be expensive to procure, or require us to cease using those rights altogether. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We face risks relating to our environmental, social, and governance ("ESG")