financial analysts and investment bankers regarding current and future economic conditions, and the review of market projections as to expected future rates. We utilize this information to determine our own investment strategies as well as to determine if the use of derivative financial instruments is appropriate to mitigate any potential future market exposure that we may face. Our policy does not allow speculation in derivative instruments for profit or, except in certain limited situations, execution of derivative instrument contracts for which there are no underlying exposures. We do not use financial instruments for trading purposes and are not a party to any leveraged derivatives. To the extent that changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates affect general economic conditions, we would also be affected by such changes.
See Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our convertible senior notes due in May 2025 ("May 2025 Notes") and other debt. Excluding the effect on the fair value of our convertible senior notes, a hypothetical 100 basis point (1.0%) decrease in interest rates would have resulted in an increase in the estimated fair value of our nonconvertible debt of approximately $930 million and $612 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our convertible senior notes are more sensitive to the equity market price volatility of our shares than changes in interest rates. The fair value of the convertible senior notes will likely increase as the market price of our shares increases and will likely decrease as the market price of our shares falls. The May 2025 Notes are currently convertible at the option of the holder. As of November 1, 2024, at maturity, the note holders are entitled to repayment of the principal amount of the May 2025 Notes in cash, and if they exercise their option to convert, they are entitled to cash payment for the conversion premium, which is the conversion value in excess of the principal amount. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we paid $198 million in aggregate upon the conversion of the May 2025 Notes at the note holders' option.
We face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates as the financial results and the financial condition of our businesses outside of the U.S., which represent a substantial majority of our financial results, are translated from local currencies (principally Euros and British Pounds Sterling) into U.S. Dollars. For example, our total gross bookings increased by 10% in 2024 as compared to 2023, but without the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates our total gross bookings increased year-over-year on a constant-currency basis by approximately 11%. Our total revenues increased by 11% in 2024 as compared to 2023, but without the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, our total revenues increased year-over-year on a constant-currency basis by approximately 12%. See Notes 6, 12, and