fair value measurements, including the three levels of inputs to the valuation techniques used to measure fair value. When inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly (observable market data), are available at the measurement date and are not significantly adjusted using unobservable inputs, the observable inputs would be classified as Level 2 inputs. When little or no market data is available, the fair value of these investments are measured using unobservable inputs ("Level 3 inputs").
30
Our investments measured using Level 3 inputs primarily consist of investments in privately-held entities that were classified as either debt securities or equity securities without readily determinable fair values. Fair values of privately held securities are estimated using a variety of valuation methodologies, including both market and income approaches. We use valuation techniques appropriate for the type of investment and the information available about the investee as of the valuation date to determine fair value. Recent financing transactions in the investee are generally considered the best indication of the enterprise value and therefore used as a basis to estimate fair value. However, based on a number of factors, such as the proximity to the valuation date or the volume or other terms of these financing transactions, we may also use other valuation techniques to supplement this data, including the income approach. When a financing transaction occurs and represents fair value, we also use the calibration process, as appropriate, when estimating fair value on subsequent measurement dates. Calibration is the process of using observed transactions in the investee company's own instruments to ensure that the valuation techniques that will be employed to value the investee company investment on subsequent measurement dates begin with assumptions that are consistent with the original observed transaction as well as any more recent observed transactions in the instruments issued by the investee company.
Our investments in equity securities of private entities at December 31, 2024 and 2023, includes $51 million originally invested in Yanolja Co., Ltd. ("Yanolja"). Certain observable transactions subsequent to our original investment resulted in an adjusted carrying value of $306 million for the investment as of December 31, 2021. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, we evaluated our investment in Yanolja for impairment using a combination of the market approach and the income approach in estimating the fair value of our investment as of those dates, and recognized impairment charges of $24 million and $184 million during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively (see Note 6 to our Consolidated Financial Statements). The carrying value of our investment in Yanolja was $98 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The market approach estimates value using prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions