not have an expiration date, and U.S. state NOLs of $
370
million, which mainly begin to expire in years ending December 31, 2032 and forward. In addition, at December 31, 2024, the Company had $
796
million of non-U.S. NOLs, the majority of which do not have an expiration date, and $
51
million of U.S. research tax credit and foreign tax credit carryforwards available to reduce future tax liabilities.
The utilization of these NOLs and credits is dependent upon the Company's ability to generate sufficient future taxable income and the tax laws in the jurisdictions where the losses were generated. The Company periodically evaluates the likelihood of the realization of deferred tax assets, and reduces the carrying amount of these deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance to the extent it believes a portion will not be realized. The Company considers many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization of the deferred tax assets, including its recent cumulative earnings experience by taxing jurisdiction, expectations of future income, tax planning strategies, the carryforward periods available for tax reporting purposes and other relevant factors.
83
The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2024 and 2023 are as follows:
(1)    Includes deferred tax assets of $
662
million and $
675
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, included in "Other assets, net" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The valuation allowance on deferred tax assets at December 31, 2024 includes $
31
million related to international operations and $
80
million primarily related to certain unrealized losses on equity securities. The valuation allowance on deferred tax assets at December 31, 2023 includes $
30
million related to international operations and $
84
million primarily related to certain unrealized losses on equity securities. The decrease in the valuation allowance is primarily related to deferred tax assets generated from certain unrealized losses on equity securities.
The Company does not intend to indefinitely reinvest its international earnings that were subject to U.S. taxation pursuant to the mandatory deemed repatriation or subject to U.S. taxation as GILTI.
Reconciliation of U.S. Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate to Effective Income Tax Rate
A significant portion of the Company's taxable earnings is generated in the Netherlands. According to Dutch corporate income tax law, income generated from qualifying innovative activities is taxed at a rate of
9
% ("Innovation Box Tax") rather than the Dutch statutory rate of
25.8
%. A portion of Booking.com's earnings during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 qualified for Innovation Box Tax treatment, which had a significant beneficial impact on the Company's effective tax rate for those years.
84
The effective income tax rate of the Company is different from the amount computed using the