point in time when the Company has completed its post-booking services and the travelers begin using the arranged travel services. These revenues are classified into two categories:
•
Merchant revenues are derived from travel-related transactions where the Company facilitates payments from travelers for the services provided, generally at the time of booking. These include transactions where travelers book accommodation, rental car, airline reservations, and other travel related services. Merchant revenues include travel reservation commissions and transaction net revenues (i.e., the amount charged to travelers, including the contra-revenue impact of merchandising, less the amount owed to travel service providers) in connection with the Company's merchant reservation services; revenues from facilitating payments, such as credit card processing rebates and customer processing fees; and ancillary fees, including travel-related insurance revenues.
•
Agency revenues are derived from the Company's commissions on travel-related transactions where the Company does not facilitate payments from travelers for the services provided.
65
Advertising and Other Revenues
Advertising and other revenues are derived primarily from revenues earned by KAYAK and OpenTable. KAYAK recognizes advertising revenue primarily by sending referrals to online travel companies ("OTCs") and travel service providers and from advertising placements on its platforms. Revenue related to referrals is recognized when a consumer clicks on a referral placement or upon completion of the travel. Revenue for advertising placements is recognized based upon when a consumer clicks on an advertisement or when KAYAK displays an advertisement. OpenTable recognizes revenues for restaurant reservation services (fees paid by restaurants when diners are seated through its online reservation service) and subscription fees for restaurant management services on a straight-line basis over the contractual period in accordance with how the service is provided.
Consumer Incentive Programs
The Company provides various consumer incentive programs such as referral bonuses, rebates, credits, and discounts. In addition, the Company offers loyalty programs where participating consumers may be awarded loyalty points on current transactions that can be redeemed in the future. The estimated value of the incentives granted and the loyalty points expected to be redeemed is generally recognized as a reduction of revenue at the time they are granted.
Deferred Merchant Bookings
Cash payments received from travelers in advance of the Company completing its performance obligations are included in "Deferred merchant bookings" in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets and are comprised principally of amounts estimated to be payable to travel service providers as well as the Company's estimated future revenue for its commission or margin and fees. The amounts are mostly subject to refunds for cancellations. The Company