providers, or restaurants, for a sustained period of time or their complete withdrawal from our services, including due to a provider's bankruptcy or closure, could have an adverse effect on our business, advertising revenue, market share, and results of operations. Further, as consolidation among travel service providers increases, or if Gen AI better enables, or offers alternatives for travel service providers to reach consumers, the potential adverse effect of a decision by a significant travel service provider to withdraw from or reduce its participation in our services also increases.
We rely upon Google and other search and meta-search services to generate a significant portion of traffic to our platforms, principally through pay-per-click marketing campaigns. The pricing and operating dynamics on these platforms can change rapidly. If the logic determining placement and display of results of a consumer's search changes, the placement of links to our platforms can be negatively affected and our costs to improve or maintain our placement can increase. A decline or slowing growth in travel search traffic also negatively impacts our ability to efficiently generate traffic to our platforms through
9
performance marketing on general search platforms, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
We rely on various third-party distribution channels (i.e., marketing affiliates) to distribute accommodation, rental car, and airline ticket reservations. If distribution through such third parties declines, our business, market share, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We offer a range of insurance products related to our travel offerings, primarily through third-party insurance providers. Our business and reputation may be adversely affected if such providers no longer make such offerings available to us on economically reasonable terms or at all.
We face risks related to the growth of our alternative accommodations business.
Our alternative accommodations business faces risks relating to claims of liability, regulatory developments, and continued growth and profitability. Because alternative accommodations are often either a single unit or a small collection of independent units, and may have additional costs to be offered on our platforms, these properties generally represent more limited booking opportunities and lower profit margins than hotels, motels, and resorts. Further, alternative accommodations may be subject to increased seasonality or may not be available at peak times due to use by property owners. To the extent alternative accommodations represent an increasing percentage of the properties we add to our platforms, we expect that our room-night growth rate and property growth rate will continue to diverge over time, and the number of reservations per property will likely continue to decrease.
Alternative accommodations are subject to claims of liability based on injury, death,