basis by approximately 10%. Our total revenues increased by 8% for the three months ended March 31, 2025 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024, but without the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, our total revenues increased year-over-year on a constant currency basis by approximately 10%. See Notes 9 and 15 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and Item 2, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information about foreign currency transaction gains and losses, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, the impact of such changes on the increase in our revenues and operating margins, and our designation of certain portions of our Euro-denominated debt as a hedge of the foreign currency exposure of the net investment in certain Euro functional currency subsidiaries.
See Notes 5 and 6 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our investments in equity securities of publicly-traded companies and private entities. A hypothetical 10% decrease in the fair values at March 31, 2025 of our investments in equity securities of publicly-traded companies and private entities would have resulted in a loss, before tax, of approximately $55 million being recognized in net income.
31
Item 4.  Controls and Procedures
Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such a term is defined under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.
We continue to monitor changes related to the ongoing implementation of the integration and upgrade of financial systems and processes to determine the impact on internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). No change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the three months ended March 31, 2025 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
32
PART II - OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.  Legal Proceedings
A description of any material legal proceedings to which we are a party, and updates thereto, is included in Note 13 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2025, and is incorporated into this Part II, Item 1 by reference thereto.
Item 1A.  Risk Factors
Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. For a discussion of such