other sources of online travel reservation services and advertising and other revenues each individually represent less than
10
% of the Company's total revenues for each period.
Consumer Incentive Programs
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, liabilities of $
125
million and $
150
million, respectively, were included in "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for incentives granted to consumers.
Deferred Merchant Bookings
Cash payments received from travelers in advance of the Company completing its performance obligations are included in "Deferred merchant bookings" in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets and are comprised principally of amounts estimated to be payable to travel service providers as well as the Company's estimated future revenue for its commission or margin and fees. The amounts are mostly subject to refunds for cancellations.
3.
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
Restricted stock units and performance share units granted by the Company during the three months ended March 31, 2025 had an aggregate grant-date fair value of $
589
million. Restricted stock units and performance share units that vested during the three months ended March 31, 2025 had an aggregate fair value at vesting of $
1.1
billion. At March 31, 2025, there was $
1.1
billion of estimated total future stock-based compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock units and performance share units to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
2.3
years.
8
The following table summarizes the activity in restricted stock units and performance share units during the three months ended March 31, 2025:
(1)    Probable outcome for performance-based awards is updated based upon changes in actual and forecasted operating results and the impact of modifications, if any.
4.
NET INCOME PER SHARE
The Company computes basic net income per share by dividing net income applicable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is based upon the weighted-average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Only dilutive common equivalent shares that decrease the net income per share are included in the computation of diluted net income per share.
Common equivalent shares related to stock options, restricted stock units, and performance share units are calculated using the treasury stock method. Performance share units are included in the weighted-average common equivalent shares based on the number of shares that would be issued if the end of the reporting period were the end of the performance period, if the result would be dilutive.
See Note 9 for information on the convertible senior notes due in May 2025. For periods prior to the date of the Company's irrevocable election to settle the conversion premium in cash, the Company used the if-converted method to calculate the dilutive effect of the convertible