including the Risk Factors identified in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024; therefore, our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or described in the forward-looking statements.
Expressions of future goals and expectations and similar expressions, including "may," "will," "should," "could," "aims," "seeks," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "intends," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," "targets," and "continue," reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. However, readers should carefully review the reports and documents we file or furnish from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and our Current Reports on Form 8-K.
Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We have exposure to several types of market risk, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and equity prices. See Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 for additional information on our policies and how we manage our exposure to such risks.
See Note 9 to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our convertible senior notes due in May 2025 (the "May 2025 Notes") and other debt. Excluding the effect on the fair value of our convertible senior notes, a hypothetical 100 basis point (1.0%) decrease in interest rates, at March 31, 2025, would have resulted in an increase of approximately $900 million in the estimated fair value of our nonconvertible debt. Our convertible senior notes are more sensitive to the market price volatility of our equity shares than changes in interest rates. The fair value of the convertible senior notes will likely increase as the market price of our equity shares increase and will likely decrease as the market price of our equity shares fall. The May 2025 Notes are currently convertible at the option of the holder.
We face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates as the financial results and the financial condition of our businesses outside of the U.S., which represent a substantial majority of our financial results, are translated from local currencies (principally Euros and British Pounds Sterling) into U.S. Dollars. For example, our total gross bookings increased by 7% for the three months ended March 31, 2025 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024, but without the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates our total gross bookings increased year-over-year on a constant currency