impacted our profit margins and this trend may continue.
Although we believe that providing an extensive collection of properties, excellent customer service, and an intuitive, easy-to-use consumer experience are important factors influencing a consumer's decision to make a reservation, for many consumers, the price of the travel service is the primary factor determining whether to book. Discounting and couponing (i.e., merchandising) occurs across the major regions in which we operate, particularly in Asia. In some cases, our competitors are willing to make little or no profit on a transaction or offer travel services at a loss in order to gain market share. As a result, it is important to offer travel services at a competitive price, whether through discounts, coupons, closed-user group rates or loyalty programs, increased flexibility in cancellation policies, or otherwise. These initiatives have resulted and, in the future, may result in lower ADRs and lower revenues as a percentage of gross bookings.
Over the long term, we intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel, as well as exploring strategic alternatives such as acquisitions, within parameters consistent with efforts to improve long-term operating results. To create room for these investments, we intend to continue to look for ways to optimize our expenses.
In November 2024, we announced our intention to implement certain organizational changes, including modernizing processes and systems, initiating an expected workforce reduction, optimizing procurement, and seeking real estate savings (the "Transformation Program"). We believe it is important to make these organizational changes in order to drive further expense efficiency, create room for reinvestment in projects and initiatives that will support the growth of our business over the long run, and further improve our organizational agility. We expect the Transformation Program to ultimately deliver about $400 to $450 million in annual run rate savings over the next three years as compared to our 2024 expense base. We are in the early stages of this program and we expect the majority of the run rate savings to be achieved after 2025. We expect that restructuring costs and accelerated investments related to the Transformation Program will be incurred in the next two to three years and are estimated to be, in the aggregate, approximately one times the expected annual run rate savings.
Many taxing authorities seek to increase tax revenues and have targeted large multinational technology companies in these efforts. Many jurisdictions have implemented or are considering the adoption of a digital services tax or similar tax that imposes a tax on revenues earned from digital advertisements or the use of online platforms, even when there is no physical presence in the jurisdiction. Rates for these taxes range from 1.5% to 10% of revenues deemed generated in the jurisdiction. We record the applicable