offerings and integrates acquisitions, all of which introduce additional complexity to its risk management program. The changing nature of the office environment, such as return to office arrangements and remote and alternative work models, could cause employees to become disconnected with corporate culture and policies, which may increase operational issues. Persistent attempts to circumvent policies and controls or repeated incidents involving fraud, conflicts of interests or transgressions of policies and controls could have an adverse effect on BlackRock’s reputation, cause adverse publicity, and result in litigation, regulatory inquiries, fines and/or sanctions, which may cause the Company’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
The failure to recruit, train and retain employees and develop and implement effective executive succession could lead to the loss of clients and may cause AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
BlackRock’s success is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of its highly skilled workforce and the Company’s ability to plan for the future long-term growth of the business by identifying and developing those employees who can ultimately transition into key roles within BlackRock. The global market for qualified fund managers, investment analysts, technology and risk specialists and other professionals is highly competitive. Factors that affect BlackRock’s ability to attract, train and retain highly qualified employees include the Company’s reputation and workplace culture, the immigration and public health policies in the jurisdictions in which BlackRock has offices, its approach to remote and alternative work models, the compensation and benefits it provides, the impact of acquisitions and its commitment to effectively managing executive succession, including the development and training of qualified individuals.
In addition, BlackRock pays certain of its employees in deferred compensation that is tied to the Company’s share price or through incentive fees and carried interest related to certain investment funds. As such, decreases in BlackRock’s share price or poor performance of the investment funds related to the incentive fees and carried interest could impair the retention value of such deferred compensation. There can be no assurance that the Company will continue to be successful in its efforts to recruit and retain employees and effectively manage executive succession. If BlackRock is unable to offer competitive compensation or otherwise attract, develop and retain talented individuals, or if it fails to effectively manage executive succession, the Company’s ability to compete effectively and retain its existing clients may be materially impacted.
25
RISKS RELATED TO KEY THIRD-PARTY RELATIONSHIPS
The impairment or failure of third parties may negatively impact the performance of products and accounts that BlackRock manages, which may cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
BlackRock’s