BlackRock's framework for long-term shareholder value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis. BlackRock's diversified platform, in terms of style, product, client and geography, enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning BlackRock to invest for the long-term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management.
BlackRock has invested to serve the full breadth of client needs. Clients increasingly want to build portfolios that are seamlessly integrated across public and private markets, and that are underpinned by data, risk management and technology. The Company is differentiated in being able to deliver across public and private markets, equity and debt, and in the way that best serves each client – from broad-based ETFs to customized whole portfolio solutions. The Company also offers its Aladdin technology to support integrated public-private portfolios.
2024 was a milestone year of organic and inorganic programmatic actions grounded in client needs, investment capability expansion, technology and scale. Clients entrusted BlackRock with a record $641 billion of net inflows in 2024, led by two consecutive record flows quarters in the second half of the year. The Company’s closing of the GIP transaction and planned acquisitions of HPS and Preqin are expected to expand and enhance private markets investment and data capabilities.
BlackRock expects 2025 to be a dynamic investing environment. Mega forces like artificial intelligence ("AI") and an ongoing evolution in debt financing are transforming economies and their long-term growth trajectories. Capital markets will play a key role in these transformations. Private markets assets are an increasingly vital part of capital markets, and blending both public and private markets will be critical in fully capturing growth opportunities.
BlackRock is well-positioned to capitalize on structural growth opportunities against a backdrop of economic and capital markets evolution. The Company has made coordinated investments to build the premier long-term capital partner and technology provider across public and private markets. The acquisition of GIP, and the planned acquisitions of Preqin and HPS, each position BlackRock’s platform ahead of evolving client needs and structural industry trends.
BlackRock has built a broad private markets platform with $212 billion of AUM across infrastructure, private credit, real estate, private equity and multi-alternatives. As of December 31, 2024, BlackRock had approximately $45 billion of committed capital to deploy for institutional clients in a variety of private markets strategies, and remains confident in its ability to accelerate growth as a leader in private markets. BlackRock also manages $76 billion in liquid