the world, including Atlanta, Belgrade (Serbia), Budapest, Edinburgh, Gurgaon (India), Hong Kong, London, Mumbai (India), Princeton (New Jersey), San Francisco and Singapore. The Company also owns an 84,500 square foot office building in Wilmington, Delaware and a 43,000 square foot data center in Amherst, New York.
Item 3. Legal
Proceedings
For a discussion of the Company’s legal proceedings, see Note 16,
Commitments and Contingencies
, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8.
Item 4. Mine Saf
ety Disclosures
Not applicable.
34
Part
II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
BlackRock’s common stock is listed on the NYSE and is traded under the symbol “BLK”. At the close of business on January 31, 2025, there were 203 common stockholders of record. Common stockholders include institutional or omnibus accounts that hold common stock for many underlying investors.
The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the dividends declared per share for the common stock as reported on the NYSE:
The closing price of BlackRock’s common stock as of February 24, 2025 was $952.80.
Dividends
On January 29, 2025, the Board of Directors approved BlackRock’s quarterly dividend of $5.21 per share to be paid on March 24, 2025 to stockholders of record at the close of business on March 7, 2025.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
During the three months ended December 31, 2024, the Company made the following purchases of its common stock, which is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.
(1)
Consists of purchases made by the Company primarily to satisfy income tax withholding obligations of employees and members of the Company’s Board of Directors related to the vesting of certain restricted stock or restricted stock unit awards and purchases made by the Company as part of the share repurchase program that the Company announced in July 2010, which initially authorized the repurchase of 5.1 million shares with no stated expiration. In January 2023, the Company announced that the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional seven million shares under the Company’s existing share repurchase program, for a total of up to approximately 7.9 million shares of BlackRock common stock.
Item 6. [R
eserved]
35
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Forward-looking Statements
This report, and other statements that BlackRock may make, may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, with respect to BlackRock’s future financial or business performance, strategies or expectations. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as “trend,” “potential,” “opportunity,” “pipeline,” “believe,” “comfortable,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “current,” “intention,” “estimate,” “position,”