research tools with the complementary workflows of Aladdin and eFront in a unified platform will create a preeminent private markets technology and data provider. The Preqin Transaction is anticipated to close in the first quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.
Securities Lending
Securities lending is managed by a dedicated team, supported by quantitative analysis, proprietary technology and disciplined risk management. BlackRock receives both cash (primarily for US domiciled portfolios) and noncash collateral under securities lending arrangements. The cash management team invests the cash received as collateral for securities on loan in other portfolios. Fees for securities lending for US domiciled portfolios can be structured as a share of earnings, or as a management fee based on a percentage of the value of the cash collateral or both. The value of the securities on loan and the revenue earned are captured in the corresponding asset class being managed. The value of the collateral is not included in AUM.
Outstanding loan balances ended the year at approximately $412 billion, up from $359 billion at year-end 2023. More demand for general collateral securities resulted in higher balances year-over-year. Intrinsic lending spreads decreased, and cash reinvestment spreads increased year-over-year.
BlackRock employs a conservative investment style for cash and securities lending collateral that emphasizes quality, liquidity, and interest rate risk management. Disciplined risk management, including a rigorous credit surveillance process, is an integral part of the investment process. BlackRock’s Cash Management Credit Committee has established risk limits, such as aggregate issuer exposure limits and maturity limits, across many of the products BlackRock manages, including over all of its cash management products. In the ordinary course of BlackRock's business, there may be instances when a portfolio may exceed an internal risk limit or when an internal risk limit may be changed. No such instances, individually or in the aggregate, have been material to the Company. To the extent that daily evaluation and reporting of the profile of the portfolios identify that a limit has been exceeded, the relevant portfolio will be adjusted. To the extent a portfolio manager would like to obtain a temporary waiver of a risk limit, the portfolio manager must obtain approval from the credit research team, which is independent from the cash management portfolio managers. While a risk limit may be waived temporarily, such waivers are infrequent.
10
Risk and Quantitative Analysis
Across all asset classes, in addition to the efforts of the portfolio management teams, the Risk and Quantitative Analysis (“RQA”) group at BlackRock draws on extensive analytical systems and proprietary and third-party data to identify, measure and manage a wide range of risks. RQA provides risk management advice and independent risk oversight of the investment management