closing, and (2) contains customary standstill provisions such as limiting the purchase of additional shares.
F-
15
The GIP Transaction was accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values at the date of the transaction. The goodwill recognized in connection with the acquisition includes future benefits for BlackRock as a result of scale and anticipated synergies from a combined global infrastructure franchise. The amount of goodwill expected to be deductible for tax purposes is approximately $
200
million.
The following table summarizes the consideration paid for GIP and the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed recognized at the acquisition date in this acquisition:
(1)
The fair value for management contracts and investor relationships was determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis (Level 3 inputs), have weighted-average estimated useful lives of approximately
8
years and
14
years, respectively, and are amortized based on their pattern of economic benefit.
(2)
The fair value was determined based upon a relief from royalty method (Level 3 inputs), has a weighted-average estimated useful life of approximately
10
years and is amortized based on its pattern of economic benefit.
(3)
Acquired operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities were determined based on current lease guidance. The acquired book values of the remaining assets and liabilities approximated their fair values.
Transaction and integration costs incurred in connection with the GIP Transaction were approximately $
195
million in 2024. These costs were primarily comprised of $
130
million of compensation expense, mostly for nonrecurring retention-related deferred compensation and $
65
million of other acquisition-related transaction costs, largely related to advisory fees, legal fees and consulting expenses, recorded in general and administration expense.
Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives, which range from
3
to
14
years. Amortization expense related to the finite-lived intangible assets was $
86
million for 2024.
The finite-lived intangible assets had a weighted-average remaining useful life of approximately
10
years with remaining amortization expense as follows:
The following unaudited pro forma information presents combined results of operations of the Company as if the GIP Transaction and related $
3.0
billion in aggregate notes issuance (see Note
15,
Borrowings
, for more information) had occurred on January 1, 2023 and are not indicative of the actual results of operations that would have been achieved nor are they indicative of future results of operations of the combined Company. The pro forma combined provision for income taxes may not represent the amount that would have resulted had BlackRock and GIP filed consolidated tax returns