security risks, social or ethical concerns, competitive harm or other complications. For example, the use of datasets to develop and test AI models, the content generated by AI systems, or the application of AI systems may be found to be insufficient, biased or harmful, or lead to adverse business decisions or operating errors. AI technologies, including generative AI, may create content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate or flawed. In addition, IP ownership and license rights, including copyright, surrounding AI technologies are still being developed and have not been fully addressed by US courts or federal, state or non-US laws or regulation. Furthermore, regulatory scrutiny of AI technologies and controls continues to evolve globally with new and forthcoming laws and regulations. Efforts around use of these technologies require additional investment in operational controls and procedures, development and implementation of appropriate protections and safeguards for handling the use of data with AI, including with respect to data leakage, fraud prevention and regulatory compliance costs. AI technologies may also disrupt the competitive landscape for investment management and technology services, including in commercial and operational areas such as data aggregation and quantitative models. Any failure to successfully integrate AI technologies, respond to client or market demands, accurately communicate AI initiatives, comply with AI-related regulations, identify or address any legal or regulatory issues associated with AI or effectively manage the related risks could harm BlackRock’s growth and reputation, adversely impact product offerings, client interactions or business initiatives, and expose the Company to legal and regulatory liabilities and additional costs, including regulatory fines or sanctions, which may cause its AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
Failure to maintain adequate corporate and contingent liquidity may cause BlackRock’s AUM, liquidity and earnings to decline, as well as harm its prospects for growth.
BlackRock’s ability to meet anticipated cash needs depends upon a number of factors, including its creditworthiness and ability to generate operating cash flows. In addition, while BlackRock, Inc. is not subject to regulatory capital or liquidity requirements, certain of its subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital and liquidity frameworks as well as certain other prudential requirements and standards, which require them to maintain certain levels of capital and liquidity. Failure to maintain adequate liquidity could lead to unanticipated costs and force BlackRock to revise existing or future strategic and business initiatives. BlackRock’s access to equity and debt markets and its ability to issue public or private debt, or obtain lines of credit or commercial paper back-up lines, on reasonable terms may be limited by adverse market conditions, a reduction in its long- or short-term credit ratings, or