lease when it is reasonably certain they will be exercised or not.
F-
13
The Company recognizes operating right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and operating lease liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition based on the present value of future lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date discounted using an incremental borrowing rate (“IBR”). The IBR for individual leases is estimated considering the Company’s or a subsidiary’s credit rating using various financial metrics, such as revenue, operating margin and revenue growth, and, as appropriate, performing market analysis of yields on publicly traded bonds (secured or unsecured) with similar terms of comparable companies in a similar economic environment. ROU assets are tested for impairment when there is an indication that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Fixed lease payments made over the lease term are recorded as lease expense on a straight-line basis. Variable lease payments based on usage, changes in an index or market rate are expensed as incurred.
Foreign Exchange
. Foreign currency transactions are recorded at the exchange rates prevailing on the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies are subsequently remeasured into the functional currencies of the Company's subsidiaries at the rates prevailing at each statement of financial condition date. Gains and losses arising on remeasurement are included in general and administration expense on the consolidated statements of income. Revenue and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the period. Gains or losses resulting from translating foreign currency financial statements into United States ("US") dollars are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“AOCI”), a separate component of stockholders’ equity, on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
Income Taxes
. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases using currently enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred income tax assets and liabilities is recognized on the consolidated statements of income in the period that includes the enactment date.
Management periodically assesses the recoverability of its deferred income tax assets based upon expected future earnings, taxable income in prior carryback years, future deductibility of the asset, changes in applicable tax laws and other factors. If management determines that it is not more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be fully recoverable in the future, a valuation allowance will be established for the difference between the asset balance and the amount expected to be recoverable