approximately $615 million, of which $260 million is payable within 12 months.
Contingent Consideration Liabilities
. In connection with certain acquisitions, BlackRock is required to make contingent payments, subject to the achievement of specified performance targets or satisfaction of certain post-closing events. The fair value of this contingent consideration is estimated at the time of acquisition closing and is included in contingent consideration liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition. The fair value of the remaining aggregate contingent payments at December 31, 2024 totaled $4.3 billion, including $4.2 billion related to the GIP Transaction, which, if any, will be settled all in stock, for a number of shares ranging from 4.0 million to 5.2 million shares, subject to achieving certain performance targets. See Note 3,
Acquisitions
, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8 of this filing for more information.
60
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. These estimates, judgments and assumptions are affected by the Company’s application of accounting policies. Management considers the following accounting policies and estimates critical to understanding the consolidated financial statements. These policies and estimates are considered critical because they had a material impact, or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and because they require management to make significant judgments, assumptions or estimates. For a summary of these and additional accounting policies see Note 2,
Significant Accounting Policies
, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this filing.
Consolidation
The Company consolidates entities in which the Company has a controlling financial interest. The Company has a controlling financial interest when it owns a majority of the VRE or is a primary beneficiary (“PB”) of a VIE. Assessing whether an entity is a VIE or a VRE involves judgment and analysis on a structure-by-structure basis. Factors considered in this assessment include the entity’s legal organization, the entity’s capital structure, the rights of equity investment holders, the Company’s contractual involvement with and economic interest in the entity and any related party or de facto agent implications of the Company’s involvement with the entity. Entities that are determined to be VREs are consolidated if the Company can exert absolute control over the