comparisons shown are gross-of-fees for institutional and high net worth separate accounts, and net-of-fees for retail funds. The performance tracking shown for index accounts is based on gross-of-fees performance and includes all institutional accounts and all iShares funds globally using an index strategy. AUM information is based on AUM available as of December 31, 2024 for each account or fund in the asset class shown without adjustment for overlapping management of the same account or fund. Fund performance reflects the reinvestment of dividends and distributions.
Performance shown is derived from applicable benchmarks or peer median information, as selected by BlackRock. Peer medians are based in part on data either from Lipper, Inc. or Morningstar, Inc. for each included product.
9
TECHNOLOGY SERVICES
BlackRock offers investment management technology systems, risk management services, and wealth management and digital distribution tools on a fee basis. Aladdin is the Company's proprietary technology platform, providing an end-to-end, SaaS solution for investment and risk management for both BlackRock and a growing number of institutional and retail investors around the world. BlackRock offers risk reporting capabilities via Aladdin Risk, as well as investment accounting capabilities. Aladdin Provider is a tool used by asset servicers, connecting them to the platform used by asset managers and owners to add operational efficiency. In 2019, BlackRock acquired eFront, a leading end-to-end alternative investment management software and solutions provider to enable clients to manage portfolios and risk across public and private asset classes on a single platform. eFront is offered to clients both as a standalone offering and as part of an integrated “Whole Portfolio” solution that provides transparency across clients’ public and private assets. Through the Company's Cachematrix platform, BlackRock is also a leading provider of financial technology which simplifies the cash management process for banks and their corporate clients in a streamlined, open-architecture platform.
BlackRock offers a number of wealth management technology tools offering personalized digital advice, portfolio construction capabilities and risk analytics for retail distributors. These tools include Aladdin Wealth, which provides wealth management firms and their financial professionals with institutional-quality business management, portfolio construction, modeling and risk analytics capabilities.
At year-end, BlackRock technology services clients included banks, insurance companies, official institutions, pension funds, asset managers, asset servicers, retail distributors and other investors across North America, South America, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Africa and Australia.
Technology services revenue of $1.6 billion was up 8% year-over-year, and annual contract value (“ACV”) increased 12% year-over-year. ACV growth was driven by strong net sales of Aladdin in