from 4.0 million to 5.2 million shares, subject to achieving certain performance targets. The fair value of the GIP Transaction contingent consideration was estimated using the income approach, which included certain significant inputs such as a risk-free discount rate of approximately 4.3% as well as current estimates of the timing and amounts of fundraising forecasts, stock and AUM volatility, and correlation between stock price and AUM (Level 3 inputs). As the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration subsequently changes, contingent consideration liabilities are adjusted, resulting in contingent consideration fair value adjustments recorded within general and administration expense of the consolidated statements of income until the contingency is resolved. Accordingly, changes in the key inputs and assumptions described can materially impact the amount of contingent consideration expense recorded in a reporting period.
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenues when its obligations related to the services are satisfied and it is probable that a significant reversal of the revenue amount would not occur in future periods. The Company enters into contracts that can include multiple services, which are accounted for separately if they are determined to be distinct. Management judgment is required in assessing the probability of significant revenue reversal and in identification of distinct services.
The Company derives a substantial portion of its revenue from investment advisory and administration fees which are recognized as the services are performed over time because the customer is receiving and consuming the benefits as they are provided by the Company. Fees are primarily based on agreed-upon percentages of AUM and recognized for services provided during the period, which are distinct from services provided in other periods. Such fees are affected by changes in AUM, including market appreciation or depreciation, foreign exchange translation and net inflows or outflows. AUM represents the broad range of financial assets the Company manages for clients on a discretionary basis pursuant to investment management and trust agreements that are expected to continue for at least 12 months. In general, reported AUM reflects the valuation methodology that corresponds to the basis used for determining revenue (for example, net asset values).
The Company receives investment advisory performance fees, including incentive allocations (carried interest) from certain actively managed investment funds and certain separately managed accounts ("SMAs"). These performance fees are dependent upon exceeding specified relative or absolute investment return thresholds, which vary by product or account, and include monthly, quarterly, annual or longer measurement periods.
62
Performance fees, including carried interest, are generated on certain management contracts when performance hurdles are achieved. Such performance fees are recognized when