instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The Company uses derivative financial instruments primarily for purposes of hedging exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates of certain assets and liabilities, and market price and interest rate exposures with respect to its total portfolio of seed investments in sponsored investment products. Certain CIPs also utilize derivatives as a part of their investment strategies.
In addition, the Company uses derivatives and makes investments to economically hedge market valuation changes on certain deferred cash compensation plans, for which the final value of the deferred amount distributed to employees in cash upon vesting is determined based on the returns of specified investment funds. The Company recognizes compensation expense for the appreciation (depreciation) of the deferred cash compensation liability in proportion to the vested amount of the award during a respective period, while the gain (loss) to economically hedge these plans is immediately recognized in nonoperating income (expense). See Note 5,
Investments
, and Note 9,
Derivatives and Hedging
, for further information on the Company’s investments and derivatives, respectively, used to economically hedge these deferred cash compensation plans.
The Company records all derivative financial instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value on a gross basis in the consolidated statements of financial condition. Credit risks are managed through master netting and collateral support agreements. The amounts related to the right to reclaim or the obligation to return cash collateral may not be used to offset amounts due under the derivative instruments in the normal course of settlement. Therefore, such amounts are not offset against fair value amounts recognized for derivative instruments with the same counterparty and are included in other assets and other liabilities. Changes in the fair value of the Company’s derivative financial instruments are recognized in earnings and, where applicable, are offset by the corresponding gain or loss on the related foreign-denominated or hedged assets or liabilities, on the consolidated statements of income.
The Company may also use financial instruments designated as net investment hedges for accounting purposes to hedge net investments in international subsidiaries, the functional currency of which is not US dollars. The gain or loss from revaluing net investment hedges at the spot rate is deferred and reported within AOCI on the consolidated statements of financial condition. The Company reassesses the effectiveness of its net investment hedge at least quarterly.
3. Acquisitions
GIP
As discussed in Note 1,
Business Overview,
on October 1, 2024, BlackRock completed the acquisition of GIP, a leading independent infrastructure fund manager. BlackRock expects the combination of GIP with BlackRock’s complementary infrastructure offerings will create a broad global infrastructure