a specific benchmark and within a risk budget. In certain cases, these strategies seek to minimize downside risk through diversification, derivatives strategies and tactical asset allocation decisions. Flows in this category included pension outsourcing mandates that funded during the year. Flagship products also include BlackRock's Global Allocation and Multi-Asset Income fund families.
•
Fiduciary management services
are complex mandates in which pension plan sponsors or endowments and foundations retain BlackRock to assume responsibility for some or all aspects of investment management, often with BlackRock acting as outsourced chief investment officer. These customized services require strong partnership with the clients’ investment staff and trustees in order to tailor investment strategies to meet client-specific risk budgets and return objectives.
Alternatives
BlackRock alternatives focus on sourcing and managing high-alpha investments with lower correlation to public markets and developing a holistic approach to address client needs in alternatives investing. The Company's alternatives products fall into three main categories — (1) private markets, (2) liquid alternatives, and (3) currency (including cryptocurrency) and commodities. Private markets include offerings in infrastructure, private credit, private equity, real estate and multi-alternative solutions. Liquid alternatives include offerings in direct hedge funds and hedge fund solutions (funds of funds).
In 2024, private markets generated $9 billion of net inflows, or $22 billion excluding return of capital / return on investment of $13 billion. The largest contributors to return of capital / return on investment were private equity, private credit and infrastructure. Net inflows were driven by infrastructure, private credit and private equity. At year-end, BlackRock had approximately $45 billion of non-fee paying, unfunded, uninvested commitments, which are expected to be deployed in future years; these commitments are not included in AUM or flows until they are fee-paying. Liquid alternatives saw net outflows of $3 billion driven by hedge fund solutions. Currency and commodities saw $41 billion of net inflows, primarily into cryptocurrency ETPs.
Private markets continue to see increasing allocations from institutional and wealth investors, and BlackRock’s highly diversified franchise is well positioned to continue to meet growing demand. The closing of the GIP transaction added $116 billion of client AUM and $70 billion of fee-paying AUM in October. In addition to GIP, the Company’s planned acquisitions of Preqin and HPS Investment Partners ("HPS"), each position its platform ahead of evolving client needs and structural industry trends. The private markets capabilities the Company expects to add through these transactions will allow it to serve clients even more comprehensively and position the Company to raise significant private capital.
Alternatives represented 4% of long-