Retail investors are served principally through intermediaries, including broker-dealers, banks, trust companies, insurance companies and independent financial advisors. Technology solutions, digital distribution tools and a shift toward portfolio construction are increasing the number of financial advisors and end-retail investors using BlackRock products.
Retail represented 10% of long-term AUM at December 31, 2024 and 28% of long-term investment advisory and administration fees (collectively “base fees”) and securities lending revenue for 2024.
ETFs have a significant retail component but are shown separately below. With the exclusion of ETFs, the majority of retail AUM is comprised of active mutual funds. In the aggregate, active and index mutual funds totaled $738 billion, or approximately 75%, of retail long-term AUM at year-end, with the remainder invested in private investment funds and separately managed accounts. Approximately 70% of retail long-term AUM is invested in active products.
3
Component changes in retail long-term AUM for 2024 are presented below.
(1)
Amounts include AUM attributable to the SpiderRock Transaction.
The retail client base is diversified geographically, with 70% of long-term AUM managed for investors based in the Americas, 25% in EMEA and 5% in Asia-Pacific at year-end 2024.
•
US retail
long-term net inflows of $19 billion were driven by $9 billion of net inflows into both fixed income and equity. Fixed income net inflows were primarily into active mutual funds, while equity net inflows reflected demand for Aperio, BlackRock’s customized index equity solution.
•
International retail
long-term net inflows of $6 billion reflected equity and fixed income net inflows of $6 billion and $2 billion, respectively. Equity net inflows were driven by wealth outsourcing solutions, and fixed income inflows were led by active mutual funds.
ETFs
BlackRock is the leading ETF provider in the world with $4.2 trillion of iShares ETF AUM as of December 31, 2024. BlackRock generated ETF net inflows of $390 billion in 2024. The Company offers both index-tracking ETFs, which seek to replicate the performance of a specific index, and active ETFs. Active ETFs are managed by professional portfolio managers who actively select and adjust the fund’s holdings in an effort to outperform the market, deliver a specific outcome or gain exposure to hard-to-index markets.
Equity ETF net inflows of $236 billion were driven by flows into core ETFs, as well as continued client use of BlackRock’s broad-based precision exposure ETFs to express risk preferences and make tactical allocation changes. Fixed income ETF net inflows of $112 billion were diversified across exposures, led by flows into treasury, core and corporate credit ETFs. Alternative ETFs had net inflows of $41 billion, driven by the launch of cryptocurrency exchange-traded products (“ETPs”) in the year.
ETFs represented 40% of long-term AUM at December 31, 2024 and 45% of long-term base