million, respectively. In accordance with GAAP, certain equity method investees, including iCapital, do not account for both their financial assets and liabilities under fair value measures; therefore, the Company’s investment in such equity method investees may not represent fair value.
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024
, the Company had $
456
million and $
438
million, respectively, of other nonequity method corporate minority investments recorded within other assets. These investments include equity securities, generally measured at fair value or under the measurement alternative to fair value for nonmarketable securities, and corporate minority private debt investments measured at fair value. Changes in value of the equity securities are recorded in nonoperating income (expense) and changes in value of the debt securities are recorded in AOCI, net of tax. See Note
2,
Significant Accounting Policies
, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in the 2024
Form 10-K for further information.
14
. Borrowings
Short-Term Borrowings
2025 Revolving Credit Facility.
The Company maintains an unsecured revolving credit facility
(the “2025 Credit Facility”) of $
5.4
billion as of March 31, 2025, with a maturity date of March 2029 for lenders other than one non-extending lender and the commitment of the non-extending lender maturing in March 2028. The 2025 Credit Facility is available for working capital and general corporate purposes.
The 2025 Credit Facility permits the Company to request up to an additional $
1.0
billion of borrowing capacity, subject to lender credit approval, which could increase the overall size of the 2025 Credit Facility to an aggregate principal amount of up to $
6.4
billion.
Interest on outstanding borrowings accrues at an applicable benchmark rate for the denominated currency of the loan, plus a spread.
The 2025 Credit Facility requires the Company not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio (ratio of net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, where net debt equals total debt less unrestricted cash) of
3 to 1
, which was satisfied with a ratio of
less than 1 to 1
at
March 31, 2025. At March 31, 2025
, the Company had
no
amount outstanding under the 2025 Credit Facility.
Commercial Paper Program.
The Company may issue short-term unsecured commercial paper notes (the “CP Notes”) on a private-placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $
5
billion. The payments of the CP Notes have been unconditionally guaranteed by BlackRock Finance, Inc. (formerly known as BlackRock, Inc.) ("Old BlackRock") (the "CP Notes Guarantee"). The CP Notes will rank equal in right of payment with all of BlackRock's other unsubordinated indebtedness, and the obligations of Old BlackRock under the CP Notes Guarantee will rank equal in right of payment with all of Old BlackRock's other unsubordinated indebtedness. Net proceeds of issuances of the CP Notes are expected to