positions could decrease by approximately $
160
million to $
220
million within the next twelve months.
26
. Earnings Per Share
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted EPS for
2024, 2023 and 2022 under the treasury stock method:
The amount of anti-dilutive RSUs and stock options were
immaterial
for
2024 and 2022. For 2023
,
194,240
shares primarily related to stock options were excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because to include them would have an anti-dilutive effect. Certain performance-based RSUs for 2024, 2023, and 2022, and certain performance-based stock options for 2023 were excluded from the diluted EPS calculation because the designated contingencies were not met.
F-
40
27
. Segment Information
The Company’s management directs BlackRock’s operations as
one
business, the asset management business. As such, the Company operates in one asset management operating segment.
The Company's CODM is its
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
, who reviews financial information presented, including significant expenses on a consolidated basis, as presented in the consolidated statements of income. The CODM utilizes a consolidated approach to assess performance and allocates resources using key financial metrics including
total revenue, operating income and net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc. These financial metrics are used by the CODM to make key operating decisions, including capital allocation, determining annual and long-term compensation and managing costs in relation to revenue
. Furthermore, these financial metrics are used to evaluate financial performance based on consolidated specific business objectives, contributions to the total firm operating margin and to evaluate the Company's relative performance against industry peers. See the consolidated financial statements for key financial metrics used by CODM and for more financial information regarding the Company’s operating segment. The measure of segment assets is reported on the balance sheet as total consolidated assets.
The following table illustrates total revenue for
2024, 2023 and 2022 by geographic region. These amounts are aggregated on a legal entity basis and do not necessarily reflect where the customer resides, or affiliated services are provided.
See Note 17,
Revenue
, for further information on the Company’s sources of revenue.
The following table illustrates long-lived assets that consist of goodwill and property and equipment at December 31,
2024 and 2023 by geographic region. These amounts are aggregated on a legal entity basis and do not necessarily reflect where the asset is physically located.
Americas is primarily comprised of the US, and also includes Latin America and Canada. Europe is primarily comprised of the UK, Luxembourg and the Netherlands, and also includes Switzerland, Ireland and France. Asia-Pacific is primarily comprised of Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore and Australia.
28
. Subsequent Events
In June 2024,