Governance
BlackRock’s Board of Directors is actively engaged in the oversight of BlackRock’s risk management program.
The Risk Committee assists the Board with its oversight of the Company’s levels of risk, risk assessment, risk management and related policies and processes, including risks arising from cybersecurity threats.
The Risk Committee receives regular reports on the Company’s cybersecurity program, technology resilience risk management and related developments from members of the Company's information security team, including the CISO.
The Board and the Risk Committee also receive information regarding cybersecurity incidents that meet certain reporting thresholds.
On an annual basis, senior members of BlackRock’s technology, risk and information security teams provide a comprehensive overview of BlackRock’s cyber risk and related programs to a joint session of the Board’s Risk and Audit Committees.
Technology and cybersecurity risks at BlackRock are also overseen by the TRCC, a dedicated management risk governance committee and sub-committee of the firmwide ERC. The chair of the TRCC is appointed by the head of Enterprise Risk Management at the Company and its members include the CISO as well as a broad range of senior business stakeholders across BlackRock. The TRCC is responsible for oversight of BlackRock’s technology and cybersecurity risk management practices and helps ensure that technology and cybersecurity risks remain within firmwide risk tolerances and technology and cybersecurity risk issues are escalated as appropriate to the ERC and other committees.
BlackRock’s cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes, which are discussed in greater detail above, are led by the Company’s CISO.
As of December 31, 2024, the CISO had over 30 years of experience in information technology with a 26-year concentration in information security, including previously serving as the CISO at several global financial institutions. He also holds the Certified Information Systems Security Professional certification.
The CISO works closely with the leadership team and other subject matter experts in the global cybersecurity group, who collectively have extensive prior work experience in various roles involving managing information security, developing cybersecurity strategy, implementing effective information and cybersecurity programs and overseeing cybersecurity controls in technology risk and audit functions, as well as having relevant degrees and industry-leading certifications.
The CISO and members of the TRCC monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through their management of, and participation in, the cybersecurity risk management processes described above, including the operation of BlackRock’s incident response plan.
Item 2. P
roperties
BlackRock's principal office, which is leased, is located at 50 Hudson Yards, New York, New York. BlackRock leases additional office space throughout