non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.
The Company presents investments, as adjusted, to enable investors to understand the economic portion of investments that is owned by the Company as a gauge to measure the impact of changes in net nonoperating income (expense) on investments to net income (loss) attributable to BlackRock.
54
The Company further presents net “economic” investment exposure, net of deferred cash compensation investments and hedged exposures, to reflect another helpful measure for investors. The economic impact of investments held pursuant to deferred cash compensation plans is substantially offset by a change in associated compensation expense, and the impact of the portfolio of seed investments is mitigated by futures entered into as part of the Company's macro hedging strategy. Carried interest capital allocations are excluded as there is no impact to BlackRock’s stockholders’ equity until such amounts are realized as performance fees. Finally, the Company’s regulatory investment in Federal Reserve Bank stock, which is not subject to market or interest rate risk, is excluded from the Company’s net economic investment exposure.
(1)
Amounts included $1.9 billion of carried interest (VIEs) at both December 31, 2024 and 2023, which has no impact on the Company’s “economic” investment exposure.
(2)
Amounts do not include investments in corporate minority investments included in other assets on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
The following table represents the carrying value of the Company’s economic investment exposure, by asset type, at December 31, 2024 and 2023:
(1)
Amounts include seed investments in equity, fixed income, and multi-asset mutual funds/strategies.
(2)
Other alternatives primarily include co-investments in credit funds, direct hedge fund strategies, and hedge fund solutions.
As adjusted investment activity for 2024 and 2023 was as follows:
(1)
Amount includes distributions representing return of capital and return on investments.
(2)
Amount includes the impact of foreign exchange movements.
55
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
BlackRock Cash Flows Excluding the Impact of CIPs
The consolidated statements of cash flows include the cash flows of the CIPs. The Company uses an adjusted cash flow statement, which excludes the impact of CIPs, as a supplemental non-GAAP measure to assess liquidity and capital requirements. The Company believes that its cash flows, excluding the impact of the CIPs, provide investors with useful information on the cash flows of BlackRock relating to its ability to fund additional operating, investing and financing activities. BlackRock’s management does not advocate that investors consider such non-GAAP measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, its cash flows presented in accordance with GAAP.
The following table presents a reconciliation of the consolidated statements of