addition, the Company may waive fees on certain products that could result in the reduction of payments to the third-party intermediaries.
41
(2) Nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to NCI, as adjusted:
Management believes nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to NCI, as adjusted, is an effective measure for reviewing BlackRock’s nonoperating contribution to its results and provides comparability of this information among reporting periods. Nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to NCI, as adjusted, excludes the gain (loss) on the economic hedge of certain deferred cash compensation plans. As the gain (loss) on investments and derivatives used to hedge these compensation plans over time substantially offsets the compensation expense related to the market valuation changes on these deferred cash compensation plans, which is included in operating income, GAAP basis, management believes excluding the gain (loss) on the economic hedge of the deferred cash compensation plans when calculating nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to NCI, as adjusted, provides a useful measure for both management and investors of BlackRock’s nonoperating results that impact book value.
(3) Net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted:
Management believes net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted, and diluted earnings per common share, as adjusted, are useful measures of BlackRock’s profitability and financial performance. Net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted, equals net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., GAAP basis, adjusted for certain items management deems nonrecurring or that occur infrequently, transactions that ultimately will not impact BlackRock’s book value or certain tax items that do not impact cash flow.
For each period presented, the non-GAAP adjustments were tax effected at the respective blended rates applicable to the adjustments. Amounts for income tax matters in 2024 include a discrete tax benefit of $137 million recognized in connection with the reorganization and establishment of a more efficient global intellectual property and technology platform and corporate structure. This discrete tax benefit has been excluded from as adjusted results due to the nonrecurring nature of the intellectual property reorganization. In addition, amounts for 2024 include a net noncash expense of $14 million associated with the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities related to intangible assets and goodwill as a result of tax rate changes. This discrete tax expense has been excluded from the as adjusted results as it does not have a cash flow impact as well as to ensure comparability among periods presented.
Per share amounts reflect net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted, divided by diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding.
(4) Annual Contract Value ("ACV"):
Management believes