in US dollars. The Company’s revenue and expense generated in foreign currencies (primarily the euro and British pound) are impacted by foreign exchange rates. Any effect of foreign exchange rate change on revenue is partially offset by a change in expense driven by the Company’s considerable non-dollar expense base related to its operations outside the US.
Nonoperating income (expense) includes the effect of changes in the valuations on investments and earnings on equity method investments as well as interest and dividend income and interest expense. The Company primarily holds seed and co-investments in sponsored investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes, including private equity, private credit, hedge funds and real assets. Investments generally are made for co-investment purposes, to establish a performance track record or for regulatory purposes, including Federal Reserve Bank stock. The Company does not engage in proprietary trading activities that could conflict with the interests of its clients.
48
In addition, nonoperating income (expense) includes the impact of changes in the valuations of consolidated sponsored investment products (“CIPs”). The portion of nonoperating income (expense) not attributable to the Company is allocated to NCI on the consolidated statements of income.
Revenue
The table below presents detail of revenue for 2024 and 2023 and includes the product type mix of base fees and securities lending revenue and performance fees.
(1)
Amounts include cryptocurrency and commodity ETFs and ETPs.
(2)
Amounts include $615 million and $675 million of securities lending revenue for 2024 and 2023, respectively.
49
The table below lists a percentage breakdown of base fees and securities lending revenue and average AUM by product type:
(1)
Average AUM is calculated as the average of the month-end spot AUM amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
(2)
Amounts include cryptocurrency and commodity ETFs and ETPs.
Revenue increased $2.5 billion, or 14%, from 2023, primarily driven by the positive impact of market beta on average AUM, organic base fee growth, and fees on AUM acquired in the GIP Transaction, as well as higher performance fees and technology services revenue.
Investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue
of $16.1 billion in 2024 increased $1.7 billion from $14.4 billion in 2023, primarily driven by the impact of market beta on average AUM, organic base fee growth and approximately $230 million of fees related to AUM acquired in the GIP Transaction, partially offset by lower securities lending revenue. Securities lending revenue of $615 million decreased $60 million from $675 million in 2023, primarily reflecting lower spreads, partially offset by higher average balances of securities on loan.
Investment advisory performance fees
of $1.2 billion in 2024 increased $653 million from $554 million in 2023, primarily driven by higher revenue from liquid alternative products, including