post-trade transparency requirements for equity and non-equity markets and extensive transaction reporting requirements. BlackRock’s UK insurance subsidiary must also comply with the UK regulation which implemented Solvency II and the Insurance Distribution Directive. In addition, relevant entities must comply with revised obligations on capital resources for certain investment firms arising out of the Investment Firms Prudential Review. These include requirements to ensure capital adequacy, as well as matters of liquidity, governance and remuneration. Relevant BlackRock entities must also comply with the requirements of the UCITS Directive and the AIFMD, as implemented in the relevant EU Member States and in the UK, which impose obligations on the authorization and capital, conduct of business, organization, transparency and marketing of retail and alternative investment funds respectively that are sold in, or marketed to, the EU. The obligations introduced through these regulations and directives (and the UK implementation and onshoring of the same) will affect certain of BlackRock’s European and UK operations. Compliance with the UCITS Directives and the AIFMD (and the UK implementation and onshoring of the same) may subject BlackRock to additional expenses associated with depositary oversight and other organizational requirements. The UK Government and the FCA have also enacted the new OFR providing a fast-track framework for non-UK funds to be recognized and registered for marketing to retail investors in the UK after Brexit.
The EU has seen an increase in Common Supervisory Actions by ESMA to coordinate supervisory action by national EU regulators, most notably in areas such as sustainability-related product features and disclosures, product governance, liquidity management and fund costs and charges. BlackRock’s EU operations may be affected to the extent this initiative results in formal legislation or action.
EU Member States, the UK and many other non-US jurisdictions have adopted statutes and/or regulations concerning privacy and data protection and requiring notification of personal data security breaches if certain thresholds are met. For example, the EU adopted the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which became effective in 2018. Following Brexit, the UK onshored the GDPR into national law (“UK GDPR”), which became effective in 2021. In June 2021, the EC published a new set of standard contractual clauses, which only apply to the transfer of personal data outside of the EU to a country not approved by the EU as providing an adequate level of protection for the processing of personal data. The EU's adequacy decision with respect to the UK, which allows the continued flow of personal data from the EU to the UK, will be regularly reviewed and may be revoked if the UK diverges from its current adequate data protection laws. The UK has developed its own international data transfer agreement, which was implemented in March