fluctuation on these investments, in the aggregate, would result in a decrease, or increase, of approximately $71 million in the carrying value of such investments.
Foreign Exchange Rate Risk.
As discussed above, the Company invests in sponsored investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes. The carrying value of the total economic investment exposure denominated in foreign currencies, primarily based in the British pound and euro, was approximately $1.4 billion at March 31, 2025. A hypothetical exposure to a 10% adverse change in the applicable foreign exchange rates would result in approximately a $138 million decline in the carrying value of such investments.
Other Market Risks.
The Company executes forward foreign currency exchange contracts to mitigate the risk of certain foreign exchange risk movements. At March 31, 2025, the Company had outstanding forward foreign currency exchange contracts with an aggregate notional value of approximately $3.1 billion, with expiration dates primarily in April 2025. In addition, the Company entered into futures to hedge economically the exposure to market movements on certain deferred cash compensation plans. At March 31, 2025, the Company had outstanding exchange traded futures with aggregate notional values related to its deferred cash compensation hedging program of approximately $218 million, with expiration dates during the second quarter of 2025.
65
Item 4. Controls
and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
Under the direction of BlackRock’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, BlackRock evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, BlackRock’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that BlackRock’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2025 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.
66
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1. Lega
l Proceedings
For a discussion of the Company’s legal proceedings, see Note 15,
Commitments and Contingencies
, in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-Q.
67
I
tem 1A. Risk Factors
In addition to the other information set forth in this report, the risks discussed in BlackRock's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 could materially affect our business, financial condition, operating results and nonoperating results.
68
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Eq
uity Securities and Use of Proceeds
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company made the following purchases of its common