as there is no impact to BlackRock’s stockholders’ equity until such amounts are realized as performance fees. Finally, the Company’s regulatory investment in Federal Reserve Bank stock, which is not subject to market or interest rate risk, is excluded from the Company’s net economic investment exposure.
(1)
Amounts include $1.9 billion of carried interest (VIEs) at both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, which has no impact on the Company’s “economic” investment exposure.
(2)
Amounts do not include investments in corporate minority investments included in other assets on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition.
56
The following table represents the carrying value of the Company’s economic investment exposure, by asset type, at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:
(1)
Amounts include seed investments in equity, fixed income, and multi-asset mutual funds/strategies.
(2)
Other alternatives primarily include co-investments in credit funds, direct hedge fund strategies, and hedge fund solutions.
As adjusted investment activity for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was as follows:
(1)
Amount includes distributions representing return of capital and return on investments.
(2)
Amount includes the impact of foreign exchange movements.
57
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
BlackRock Cash Flows Excluding the Impact of CIPs
The condensed consolidated statements of cash flows include the cash flows of the CIPs. The Company uses an adjusted cash flow statement, which excludes the impact of CIPs, as a supplemental non-GAAP measure to assess liquidity and capital requirements. The Company believes that its cash flows, excluding the impact of the CIPs, provide investors with useful information on the cash flows of BlackRock relating to its ability to fund additional operating, investing and financing activities. BlackRock’s management does not advocate that investors consider such non-GAAP measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, its cash flows presented in accordance with GAAP.
The following table presents a reconciliation of the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows presented on a GAAP basis to the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows, excluding the impact of the cash flows of CIPs:
Sources of BlackRock’s operating cash primarily include base fees and securities lending revenue, performance fees, technology services and subscription revenue, advisory and other revenue and distribution fees. BlackRock uses its cash to pay all operating expenses, interest and principal on borrowings, income taxes, dividends and repurchases of the Company’s stock, acquisitions, capital expenditures and purchases of co-investments and seed investments.
For details of the Company’s GAAP cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, see the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows contained in Part I, Item 1 of this filing.
Cash flows provided by/(used in) operating activities, excluding the impact of