assets
(1)
of $291 million in 2024 increased $140 million from $151 million in 2023, primarily due to the amortization of intangible assets acquired in the GIP Transaction and the previously described $50 million noncash impairment charge.
(1)
These expenses have been excluded from the Company's as adjusted financial results under the expense adjustments for acquisition-related costs and restructuring charge, as applicable. See
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
for further information on as adjusted items. See Note 12,
Intangible Assets
, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements and
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
for further information on the impairment charge.
51
Nonoperating
Results
The summary of nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to NCI for 2024 and 2023 was as follows:
(1)
Amount relates to the gain (loss) from economically hedging BlackRock's deferred cash compensation plans.
(2)
Management believes nonoperating income (expense), net of NCI, as adjusted, is an effective measure for reviewing BlackRock’s nonoperating results, which ultimately impacts BlackRock’s book value. See
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
for further information on other non-GAAP financial measures.
(3)
Amounts primarily include net gains (losses) related to credit funds, direct hedge fund strategies and hedge fund solutions.
(4)
Amounts primarily include net gains (losses) related to BlackRock's seed investment portfolio, net of the impact of certain hedges.
(5)
Amounts for 2024 include earnings (losses) from certain equity method minority investments, which the Company recorded within nonoperating income (expense) beginning in the first quarter of 2024 and noncash pre-tax gains (losses) related to the revaluation of certain minority investments. In addition, amount for 2024 includes a pre-tax gain of approximately $66 million in connection with a transaction related to a minority investment in the EquiLend Transaction and a noncash pre-tax gain in connection with the SpiderRock Transaction of approximately $19 million.
Income Tax Expense
(1)
As adjusted items are described in more detail in
Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
(2)
Net of net income (loss) attributable to NCI.
The Company’s tax rate is affected by tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amount of income earned in those jurisdictions, which the Company expects to be fairly consistent in the near term. The significant foreign jurisdictions that have different statutory tax rates than the US federal statutory rate of 21% include the UK, Germany, Canada and Ireland.
2024
Income tax expense (GAAP) reflected:
•
a discrete tax benefit of $137 million recognized in connection with the reorganization and establishment of a more efficient global intellectual property and technology platform and corporate structure;
•
a discrete tax benefit of $63 million related to the realization of capital losses from changes in the Company's organizational tax structure;
•
a