expose BlackRock to increased regulatory oversight, as well as migration, execution, technology and operational risks.
BlackRock has a number of key strategic partnerships, including with Microsoft. For instance, the Aladdin infrastructure and environment for BlackRock and its external Aladdin clients are hosted on Microsoft Azure. BlackRock has also migrated certain systems that support its corporate functions to cloud-based platforms. The benefits of cloud-based platforms are significant and BlackRock has adopted a robust risk-based approach to its migration strategies. However, these partnerships also introduce new risks, including: (1) risks associated with relying on third-parties for aspects of infrastructure reliability and stability; (2) software and information security risks arising from the use of cloud technology; (3) operational and execution risks; and (4) risks related to increased regulatory oversight and new compliance obligations, which risks may be further exacerbated as BlackRock and the Aladdin platform continue to grow. A prolonged global failure of cloud services could also impact BlackRock’s other systems. Failures by BlackRock to manage these risks, and/or risks associated with future technology partnerships, may result in escalating costs, financial loss, client dissatisfaction or attrition, regulatory fines and/or sanctions, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, may cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
26
Disruption to the operations of third parties whose functions are integral to BlackRock’s exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) platform may adversely affect the prices at which ETFs trade, particularly during periods of market volatility.
BlackRock is the largest provider of ETFs globally. Shares of ETFs trade on stock exchanges at prices at, above or below the ETF’s most recent net asset value (“NAV”). The NAV of an ETF is calculated at least once daily, generally at the end of each business day, and fluctuates with changes in the market value of the ETF’s holdings. The trading price of the ETF’s shares fluctuates continuously throughout trading hours. The creation/redemption feature and arbitrage mechanism of an ETF are designed to make it more likely that the ETF’s shares normally will trade at prices close to the NAV. Notwithstanding these features, exchange prices have in the past deviated measurably from the NAV of certain ETFs and may under certain circumstances do so in the future. ETF market prices are subject to numerous potential risks, including trading halts invoked by a stock exchange, and the inability or unwillingness of market makers, authorized participants, settlement systems or other market participants to perform functions necessary for an ETF’s arbitrage mechanism to function effectively. These risks may be heightened as a result of significant market volatility, the growth of the ETF industry combined with increased market activity, as well as the complexity associated