following the grant date, and the awards are forfeited if the employee resigns before the respective vesting date. The expense for each tranche is amortized over the respective requisite service period.
The 2023 Performance-based Options have a strike price of $
673.58
which was the closing price of the shares on the grant date.
The grant-date fair value of the 2023 Performance-based Options was $
120
million and was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation with an embedded lattice model using the assumptions included in the following table:
(1)
The expected term was derived using a Monte Carlo simulation with the embedded lattice model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding.
(2)
The expected stock volatility was based upon an average of historical stock price fluctuations of BlackRock’s common stock and an implied volatility at the grant date.
(3)
The expected dividend yield was calculated as the most recent quarterly dividend divided by the average three-month stock price as of the grant date.
(4)
The risk-free interest rate is based on the US Treasury Constant Maturities yield curve at grant date.
Time-Based Stock Options
On May 30, 2023, pursuant to the Award Plan, the Company awarded time-based stock options to purchase
326,391
shares of BlackRock common stock to certain employees as long-term incentive compensation ("2023 Time-based Options"). These awards will vest in three tranches of
25
%,
25
% and
50
% in May
2027
,
2028
and
2029
, respectively. Vested 2023 Time-based Options can be exercised
up to nine years
following the grant date, and the awards are forfeited if the employee resigns before the respective vesting date.
The 2023 Time-based Options have a strike price of $
673.58
which was the closing price of the shares on the grant date.
The grant-date fair value of the 2023 Time-based Options was $
55
million and was estimated using a Black-Scholes-Merton model using the assumptions included in the following table:
(1)
The expected term represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding, and was calculated as the midpoint between the weighted average time to vest and expiration.
(2)
The expected stock volatility was based upon an average of historical stock price fluctuations of BlackRock’s common stock and an implied volatility at the grant date.
(3)
The expected dividend yield was calculated as the most recent quarterly dividend divided by the average three-month stock price as of the grant date.
(4)
The risk-free interest rate is based on the US Treasury Constant Maturities yield curve at grant date.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”).
The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase the Company’s common stock at
95
% of the fair market value on the last day of each three-month offering period; therefore, the Company does not record compensation expense related to employees purchasing shares under the ESPP.
F-
35
19
. Deferred Cash Compensation and