clients who rely upon, or have exposure to, BlackRock’s systems.
In addition, due to BlackRock’s interconnectivity with third-party vendors, advisors, central agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial institutions, BlackRock or any such third-party may be adversely affected if any of them (or their service providers) is subject to a successful cyber-attack or other information security event, including those arising due to the use of mobile technology or a third-party cloud environment. BlackRock also routinely transmits and receives personal, confidential or proprietary information by email and other electronic means. The Company collaborates with clients, vendors and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against cyber-attacks. However, BlackRock or such third parties may not have all appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of such information.
Any information security incident or cyber-attack against BlackRock or third parties with whom it is connected, including any interception, mishandling or misuse of personal, confidential or proprietary information or failure to disclose or communicate a cybersecurity incident appropriately, could result in material financial loss, loss of competitive position, regulatory fines and/or sanctions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, may cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. In addition, BlackRock’s cybersecurity insurance may not cover all losses and damages from such events and BlackRock’s ability to maintain or obtain sufficient insurance coverage in the future may be limited.
Failure or unavailability of third-party dependencies may adversely affect Aladdin operations, which could cause reputational harm, lead to a loss of clients and impede BlackRock’s productivity and growth.
BlackRock must maintain effective infrastructure, including a robust and secure technological framework, in order to maximize the benefit of the Aladdin platform. In so doing, it relies in part on certain third-party service providers, including for cloud hosting and technologies supporting cloud-based operations. For example, Aladdin’s data architecture depends on third-party providers of technology solutions, including the ability of such parties to scale and perform in response to Aladdin’s growth. In addition, the analytical capabilities of Aladdin depend on the ability of a number of third parties to provide data and other information as inputs into Aladdin’s analytical calculations. Although BlackRock has implemented internal controls and procedures and maintains a robust vendor management program designed to perform diligence and monitor third parties that support the Aladdin
platform, there can be no assurance that these measures will prove effective. Any failure by third parties to maintain infrastructure that is commensurate with Aladdin’s size and growth, or provide the data or