industry, respond to evolving client demands and technological advances, and develop, market and manage new investment products and services. The development and introduction of new products and services, including the creation of increasingly customizable products, requires continued innovative effort on the part of BlackRock and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. Substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services, constraints on BlackRock’s ability to manage growth within client mandates, compliance with regulatory and disclosure requirements and IP-related lawsuits or claims, which may not be fully evident or identified prior to the introduction of any such product or service. A growing number of BlackRock’s products and services also depend on data provided by third parties as analytical inputs and are subject to additional risks, including with respect to data quality, cost, availability and provider relationships. Data sets for certain developing analytics, such as those in the sustainability space, continue to evolve and difficulties approximating gaps in the data, sourcing data from reliable sources, or validating the data could adversely impact the accuracy and effectiveness of such analytics. There can be no assurance that BlackRock will be able to innovate effectively in order to develop new products or services that address the needs of its clients on the timeline they require. Any failure to successfully develop and support new products and services, or effectively manage associated operational risks, could have an adverse impact on BlackRock’s growth, harm BlackRock’s reputation and expose the Company to additional costs, which may cause its AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
Changes in the value of seed and co-investments that BlackRock owns could affect its income and could increase the volatility of its earnings.
At December 31, 2024, BlackRock’s net economic investment exposure of approximately $3.9 billion in its investments (see Item 7,
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Investments
) primarily resulted from co-investments and seed investments in its sponsored investment funds. Movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities or other alternative investments, could lower the value of these investments, increase the volatility of BlackRock’s earnings and cause earnings to decline.
BlackRock indemnifies certain securities lending clients for specified losses as a result of a borrower default.
BlackRock provides borrower default indemnification to certain of its securities lending clients. In the event of a borrower default, BlackRock may use the