basis.
•
Third-Party Risk Management:
The Company maintains a risk-based approach to identifying and overseeing cybersecurity risks presented by third parties, including vendors, service providers, counterparties and clients, as well as the systems of third parties that could significantly and adversely impact the Company’s business in the event of a cybersecurity incident affecting those third-party systems. Operational incidents can arise as a result of failures by third parties with which the Company does business, such as failures by internet, communication technology and cloud service providers or other vendors to adequately follow processes and procedures, safeguard their systems, or prevent system disruptions or cyber-attacks. Third-party risks are included within BlackRock’s ERM framework, and risk identification and mitigation are supported by the Company’s cybersecurity program. BlackRock also performs due diligence on certain third parties and monitors cybersecurity threats and risks identified through such diligence
.
•
Education and Awareness:
The Company’s employees and contractors are required to complete annual information security training to equip them with effective tools to address cybersecurity threats, and receive communications on the Company’s evolving information security policies and procedures.
The Company’s global information security team, in collaboration with the technology risk and internal audit teams, engages in the periodic assessment and testing of the Company’s cyber risks and cybersecurity program. These efforts may include a wide range of activities, including audits, assessments, wargames and “tabletop” exercises, threat modeling, vulnerability testing and other exercises focused on evaluating the effectiveness of the Company's cybersecurity measures and planning. BlackRock also participates in financial services industry and government forums in an effort to improve both internal and sector cybersecurity defense. The Company regularly
engages
third parties and advisors to assess its cybersecurity control environment. The results of certain program and control assessments are reported to the Risk Committee, and BlackRock adjusts its cybersecurity program as appropriate based on the information provided by these assessments.
As of December 31,
2024
, BlackRock is not aware of any cybersecurity risks that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect BlackRock’s business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.
For additional information on whether and how risks from cybersecurity threats are reasonably likely to materially affect BlackRock, see “A cyber-attack or a failure to implement effective information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt operations and lead to financial losses and reputational harm, which may cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.” under Part I, Item 1A,
Risk Factors
herein.
33
Cybersecurity