financial and operating policies of the investee, which generally exists if there is greater than 50% voting interest. Entities that are determined to be VIEs are consolidated if the Company is the PB of the entity. BlackRock is deemed to be the PB of a VIE if it (1) has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entities’ economic performance and (2) has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that potentially could be significant to the VIE. There is judgment involved in assessing whether the Company is the PB of a VIE. In addition, the Company’s ownership interest in VIEs is subject to variability and is impacted by actions of other investors such as ongoing redemptions and contributions. The Company generally consolidates VIEs in which it holds an economic interest of 10% or greater and deconsolidates such VIEs once its economic interest falls below 10%. As of December 31, 2024, the Company was deemed to be the PB of approximately 110 VIEs. See Note 6,
Consolidated Sponsored Investment Products
, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8 of this filing for more information.
Fair Value Measurements
The Company’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement according to the fair value hierarchy (i.e., Level 1, 2 and 3 inputs, as defined) in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. See Note 2,
Significant Accounting Policies
, and Note 8,
Fair Value Disclosures
, in the consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8 of this filing for more information on fair value measurements.
Changes in Valuation.
Changes in value on $7.1 billion of investments will impact the Company’s nonoperating income (expense), $640 million are held at cost or amortized cost and the remaining $2.0 billion relates to carried interest, which will not impact nonoperating income (expense). At December 31, 2024, changes in fair value of $3.8 billion of CIPs will impact BlackRock’s net income (loss) attributable to NCI on the consolidated statements of income. BlackRock’s net exposure to changes in fair value of CIPs was $2.0 billion.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, where the purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the date of the transaction. Any excess purchase consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. The Company determines fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, using the best available information which incorporates various estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to, future expected cash flows, fundraising assumptions, useful lives, and discount rates. These estimates are based on historical data, internal estimates,