Company. In addition, other assets included
$
17
million
of restricted cash at both December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(5)
Long-term borrowings are recorded at amortized cost, net of debt issuance costs. The fair value of the long-term borrowings, including the current portion of long-term borrowings, is determined using market prices and the EUR/USD foreign exchange rate at the end of December 2024 and 2023, respectively. See Note 15,
Borrowings
, for the fair value of each of the Company’s long-term borrowings.
F-
22
Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate NAV Per Share
As a practical expedient to value certain investments that do not have a readily determinable fair value and have attributes of an investment company, the Company uses NAV as the fair value.
The following tables list information regarding all investments that use a fair value measurement to account for both their financial assets and financial liabilities in their calculation of a NAV per share (or equivalent).
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
N/R – Not Redeemable
(1)
Comprised of equity method investments, which include investment companies that account for their financial assets and most financial liabilities under fair value measures; therefore, the Company’s investment in such equity method investees approximates fair value.
(a)
This category includes hedge funds, funds of hedge funds, and other funds that invest primarily in equities, fixed income securities, private credit, opportunistic and mortgage instruments and other third-party hedge funds. The fair values of the investments have been estimated using the NAV of the Company’s ownership interest in partners’ capital. The liquidation period for the investments in the funds that are not subject to redemption is unknown at both December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(b)
This category includes private equity funds that initially invest in nonmarketable securities of private companies, which ultimately may become public in the future. The fair values of these investments have been estimated using capital accounts representing the Company’s ownership interest in the funds and may also include other performance inputs. The Company’s investment in each fund is not subject to redemption and is normally returned through distributions as a result of the liquidation of the underlying assets of the private equity funds. The liquidation period for the investments in these funds is unknown at both December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(c)
This category includes several real assets funds that invest directly and indirectly in real estate or infrastructure. The fair values of the investments have been estimated using capital accounts representing the Company’s ownership interest in the funds. The Company’s investments that are not subject to redemption or are not currently redeemable are normally returned through distributions and realizations of the underlying assets of the funds. The liquidation period for the investments in the funds that are not