awards containing performance conditions is recognized if it is probable that the conditions will be achieved. The probability of achievement is assessed on a quarterly basis. If a stock-based award is modified after the grant-date, incremental compensation cost is recognized for an amount equal to the excess of the fair value of the modified award over the fair value of the original award immediately before the modification. Awards under the Company’s stock-based compensation plans vest over various periods. Compensation cost is recorded by the Company on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separate vesting portion of the award as if the award is, in-substance, multiple awards and is adjusted for actual forfeitures as they occur.
The Company amortizes the grant-date fair value of stock-based compensation awards made to retirement-eligible employees over the requisite service period. Upon notification of retirement, the Company accelerates the unamortized portion of the award over the contractually required retirement notification period.
The Company recognizes all excess tax benefits and deficiencies in income tax expense on the consolidated statements of income, which results in volatility of income tax expense as a result of fluctuations in the Company’s stock price. Accordingly, the Company recorded a discrete income tax benefit of $
37
million, $
41
million and $
87
million during
2024, 2023 and 2022
, respectively, for vested RSUs where the grant date stock price was lower than the vesting date stock price.
Distribution and Servicing Costs
. Distribution and servicing costs include payments to third parties, primarily associated with distribution and servicing of client investments in certain BlackRock products. Distribution and servicing costs are expensed as incurred.
Direct Fund Expense
. Direct fund expense, which is expensed as incurred, primarily consists of third-party non-advisory expense incurred by BlackRock related to certain investment products for the use of certain index trademarks, reference data for certain indices, custodial services, fund administration, fund accounting, transfer agent services, shareholder reporting services, audit and tax services as well as other fund-related expense directly attributable to the non-advisory operations of the fund.
Leases
. The Company determines if a contract is a lease or contains a lease at inception. The Company accounts for its office facility leases as operating leases, which may include escalation clauses that are based on an index or market rate. The Company accounts for lease and non-lease components, including common areas maintenance charges, as a single component for its leases. The Company elected the short-term lease exception for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. Consequently, such leases are not recorded on the consolidated statements of financial condition. The Company’s lease terms include options to extend or terminate the