information required to support its varying capabilities, could compromise Aladdin’s resilience, result in operational difficulties, cause reputational harm and adversely impact BlackRock’s ability to provide services to its investment advisory and Aladdin clients.
22
Continuing enhancements to Aladdin’s capabilities, as well as the expansion of the Aladdin platform into new markets and geographies, have led to significant growth in Aladdin’s processing scale, which may expose BlackRock to reputational harm, increased regulatory scrutiny and heightened operational, data management, cyber- and information-security risks.
The operation of BlackRock’s Aladdin platform routinely involves updating existing capabilities, configuration change management, developing, testing and rolling out new functionalities and expanding coverage into new markets and geographies, including in connection with inorganic transactions or to address client or regulatory requirements. These updates and expansion initiatives, which have led to significant growth in Aladdin
’s
processing scale, frequently occur on accelerated time frames and may expose BlackRock to additional cyber- and information-security risks, as well as increased execution, operational and data management risks. If BlackRock is unable to manage the pace of, or provide the operational resiliency and stability for, the expansion of Aladdin and associated growth of its processing scale, BlackRock may experience client attrition, reduced business, increased costs, reputational harm or regulatory fines and/or sanctions, which may cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
In addition, the highly regulated business activities of many Aladdin clients may expose BlackRock to heightened regulatory scrutiny. For example, the changing political and regulatory environment in certain jurisdictions in which Aladdin clients are based has required BlackRock to open new data centers in those jurisdictions in order to host client data in the client’s home location. Operating new data centers in foreign jurisdictions may expose BlackRock to increased operational complexity, as well as additional regulatory risks associated with the compliance requirements of such jurisdictions. In addition, there has been increased regulatory scrutiny globally on technology and information providers, which may impact Aladdin and certain functionalities and tools.
A failure to effectively manage the development and use of AI, combined with an evolving regulatory environment, could have an adverse effect on BlackRock’s growth, reputation or business.
BlackRock uses machine learning and AI in its business and expects to continue to expand its AI capabilities, including through generative AI. AI methods are complex and rapidly evolving, and the introduction of AI into new or existing processes may result in new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, IP or other litigation, data protection, confidentiality or information