to market the funds in the UK.
•
Conduct Regulation:
The FCA continues to focus on conduct regulation, including the implementation of the Consumer Duty by all asset management firms, including BlackRock’s UK subsidiaries. The Consumer Duty rules require firms to act to deliver good outcomes for retail customers in their manufacture and distribution of products and services, in respect of price and value, consumer understanding and consumer support. Any failure to meet the FCA’s regulatory expectations could expose BlackRock to regulatory sanctions and increased reputational risk.
•
UK Stewardship Code Review:
In 2024, the UK Financial Reporting Council released a consultation on reforms to the UK Stewardship Code, including tailored reporting requirements for proxy advisers and investment consultants, which may impact BlackRock’s activities on behalf of its clients.
Asia-Pacific
•
Regulatory Environment in China:
The Company’s operations in China are subject to a number of regulatory risks, including an evolving regulatory environment and complex data security and data transfer regulations. These factors may increase compliance risk and costs, limit the Company’s ability to source and execute new investment opportunities and lead to impairment losses on its investments. Restrictions on transfers of certain types of onshore data of the Company’s Chinese entities to offshore entities also may limit BlackRock’s ability to aggregate, report and monitor such data on its global platform. In addition, a number of regulators in China have jurisdiction over BlackRock’s business operations, increasing operational and regulatory engagement complexity. These risks may be further heightened by additional scrutiny by Chinese regulators of certain sectors, such as technology and other industries that might be deemed to be of national importance.
International regulatory reforms could require BlackRock to alter its future business or operating activities, which could be time-consuming and costly,
increase regulatory compliance costs, result in litigation, impede the Company’s growth and cause its AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. Regulatory reform may also impact BlackRock’s clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in manners that may be adverse to BlackRock.
Legal proceedings may cause the Company’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
BlackRock is subject to a number of sources of potential legal liability and the Company, certain of the investment funds it manages and certain of its subsidiaries and employees have been named as defendants in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation arising in connection with BlackRock’s activities. Certain of BlackRock’s subsidiaries and employees are also subject to periodic examination, special inquiries and potential proceedings by regulatory authorities, including the SEC, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”), DOL,