BlackRock’s MMF products could be adversely impacted.
Sustainability
Sustainability has been the subject of regulatory focus across jurisdictions. Disclosure standards aligned with the International Sustainability Standards Board's (“ISSB”) inaugural disclosure standards have been adopted by several national regulators, including in Hong Kong, Singapore and Australia, while others are expected to propose ISSB-aligned standards, such as the UK, Canada and Japan. However, in the US, final rules issued by the SEC requiring corporate issuers to make climate-related disclosures in their periodic reports are pending litigation, and as of February 2025, the SEC was revisiting its litigation position. The SEC has previously proposed rules requiring enhanced ESG disclosures by investment companies and investment advisers in fund and adviser filings, including disclosures on ESG strategies and how ESG factors are considered and GHG emissions disclosure by certain environmentally focused funds. It also increased scrutiny of disclosure and compliance issues relating to investment advisers’ and funds’ ESG strategies, policies and procedures. In addition, the US Department of Labor (“DOL”) issued final rules clarifying that Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”) plan fiduciaries can consider the economic effects of ESG factors for purposes of investing ERISA plan assets and exercising voting rights with respect to plan investments. In 2023, California passed several laws requiring certain companies doing business in California to publish certain types of climate-related disclosures, and other states may adopt similar laws.
The EU has enacted numerous sustainability regulations, including (1) the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation, requiring sustainability-related disclosures by financial market participants; (2) the EU Taxonomy Regulation, requiring asset managers to report against an EU-wide taxonomy of environmentally sustainable activities and make detailed disclosures relating to ESG characteristics of funds and portfolios; (3) the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive ("CSRD"), requiring enhanced sustainability reporting for EU-based and EU-listed companies, and from 2028, for a wider group of global companies; and (4) the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive ("CSDDD"), requiring in-scope EU companies and certain non-EU companies to manage actual or potential adverse impacts of their activities and their supply chains on human rights and environmental matters. The European Commission (“EC”) is reviewing and may amend aspects of the CSRD, CSDDD and EU Taxonomy Regulation. Meanwhile, the UK continues to work on implementation of its Sustainability Disclosure Requirements.
The EU and the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) have issued rules and guidelines on the use of ESG or sustainability related terms in fund names. In addition, the EU adopted regulations on ESG rating providers applicable in