China are subject to a number of regulatory risks, including an evolving regulatory environment and complex data security and data transfer regulations. These factors may increase compliance risk and costs, limit the Company’s ability to source and execute new investment opportunities and lead to impairment losses on its investments. Restrictions on transfers of certain types of onshore data of the Company’s Chinese entities to offshore entities also may limit BlackRock’s ability to aggregate, report and monitor such data on its global platform. In addition, a number of regulators in China have jurisdiction over BlackRock’s business operations, increasing operational and regulatory engagement complexity. These risks may be further heightened by additional scrutiny by Chinese regulators of certain sectors, such as technology and other industries that might be deemed to be of national importance.
15
E
XISTING US REGULATION — OVERVIEW
BlackRock and certain of its US subsidiaries are currently subject to extensive regulation, primarily at the federal level, by the SEC, the DOL, the Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”), the National Futures Association (“NFA”), the FTC, the Department of Justice, the CFTC and other federal government agencies and regulatory bodies. In addition, BlackRock’s interactions with government entities, public officials, and candidates for public office are subject to federal, state, and local laws and rules.
Certain of BlackRock’s US subsidiaries are also subject to various anti-terrorist financing, privacy, anti-money laundering and economic sanctions laws and regulations established by various agencies. In addition, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the “Advisers Act”) imposes numerous obligations on registered investment advisers such as certain BlackRock subsidiaries, including record-keeping, operational and marketing requirements, disclosure obligations and prohibitions on fraudulent activities. State level oversight and regulation through attorneys general, insurance commissioners and other state level agencies also applies to certain BlackRock activities.
The Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Investment Company Act”) imposes stringent governance, compliance, operational, disclosure and related obligations on registered investment companies and their investment advisers and distributors, such as certain BlackRock subsidiaries and affiliates. The SEC is authorized to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations of the Advisers Act and the Investment Company Act, ranging from fines and censure to termination of an investment adviser’s registration. Investment advisers also are subject to certain state securities laws and regulations. Non-compliance with the Advisers Act, the Investment Company Act or other federal or state securities laws and regulations could result in investigations, sanctions, disgorgement,