performed. Revenue attributed to future periods could be subject to change due to a change in business activities and actual amounts could differ from amounts disclosed in the table above.
(2)
The Company elected practical expedients to exclude amounts related to (a) performance obligations with an original duration of one year or less, and (b) variable consideration related to future service periods.
In addition to amounts disclosed in the tables above, certain technology services contracts require fixed minimum fees, which are billed on a monthly or quarterly basis in arrears. The Company recognizes such revenue as services are performed. As of December 31, 2024, the estimated annual fixed minimum fees for 2025
for outstanding contracts approximated $
1.2
billion. The term for these contracts, which are either in their initial or renewal period, ranges from
one
to
five years
.
The table below presents changes in the technology services deferred revenue liability for the year ended December 31,
2024 and 2023, which is included in other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition:
(1)
Amounts are net of revenue recognized.
F-
32
18
. Stock-Based Compensation
Prior to May 15, 2024, the Company maintained the BlackRock, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Award and Incentive Plan. On May 15, 2024, the Company adopted, pursuant to shareholder approval, the BlackRock, Inc. Third Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (the "Award Plan"). Any awards granted on or after May 15, 2024 are granted pursuant to such plan.
The components of stock-based compensation expense are as follows:
(1)
Amount for 2024 includes $
71
million of incentive retention awards granted in connection with the GIP Transaction.
(2)
Amount for 2023 and 2022
includes $
14
million and $
33
million of compensation expense for accelerated vesting of previously granted stock-based compensation awards, respectively, recognized as part of the restructuring charge disclosed in Note
24,
Restructuring Charge
.
Stock Award and Incentive Plan.
Pursuant to the Award Plan, options to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price not less than the market value of BlackRock’s common stock on the date of grant in the form of stock options, restricted stock or RSUs may be granted to employees and nonemployee directors. A maximum of
48,500,000
shares of common stock were authorized for issuance under the Award Plan. Of this amount,
7,708,389
shares remain available for future awards at December 31,
2024. Upon exercise of employee stock options, the issuance of restricted stock or the vesting of RSUs, the Company generally issues shares out of treasury to the extent available.
RSUs
Time-Based RSUs
Pursuant to the Award Plan, RSUs may be granted to certain employees. Substantially all RSUs vest over periods ranging from
one
to
five years
and are expensed using the straight-line method over the requisite service period for each