fines and reputational damage.
BlackRock’s trading and investment activities for client accounts are regulated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and the Commodity Exchange Act, as well as the rules of various securities exchanges and self-regulatory organizations, including laws governing trading on inside information, market manipulation and a broad number of technical requirements (e.g., short sale limits, volume limitations and reporting obligations) and market regulation policies. Violation of any of these laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions, as well as restrictions on BlackRock’s activities and damage to its reputation. Furthermore, the Dodd-Frank Act requires one of BlackRock’s subsidiaries, BTC, to register as a municipal advisor (as that term is defined in the Exchange Act) with the SEC and Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (“MSRB”). BTC's registration as a municipal advisor subjects BTC to additional regulation by the SEC and MSRB.
BlackRock and its subsidiaries are more broadly subject to comprehensive regulation of their derivatives businesses, including regulations promulgated by US regulators such as the CFTC, the NFA and the SEC that, among other things, impose margin requirements, public and regulatory reporting, central clearing and mandatory trading on regulated exchanges or execution facilities for certain types of swaps and security-based swaps.
BlackRock manages a variety of private pools of capital, including hedge funds, funds of hedge funds, private equity funds, collateralized debt obligations, collateralized loan obligations, real estate funds, collective trust funds, managed futures funds and hybrid funds. Congress, regulators, tax authorities and others continue to explore, on their own and in response to demands from the investment community and the public, increased regulation related to private pools of capital, including changes with respect to investor eligibility, certain limitations on trading activities, record-keeping and reporting, the scope of anti-fraud protections, safekeeping of client assets and a variety of other matters. BlackRock may be materially and adversely affected by new legislation, rulemaking or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing rules and regulations imposed by various regulators in this area.
The activities of certain BlackRock subsidiaries are subject to ERISA, and to regulations promulgated thereunder by the DOL, insofar as they act as a “fiduciary” under ERISA with respect to benefit plan clients that are subject to ERISA. ERISA and applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, including applicable related regulations, impose certain duties on persons who are fiduciaries under ERISA, prohibit certain transactions involving ERISA plan clients (clients subject to the prohibited transaction rules under Section 975 of the Code), and, among other things, mandate