the appreciation (depreciation) of the deferred cash compensation liability in proportion to the vested amount of the award during a respective period, while the gain (loss) to economically hedge these plans is immediately recognized in nonoperating income (expense). See Note 5,
Investments
, and Note 9,
Derivatives and Hedging
, for further information on the Company’s investments and derivatives, respectively, used to economically hedge these deferred cash compensation plans.
The Company records all derivative financial instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value on a gross basis in the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. Credit risks are managed through master netting and collateral support agreements. The amounts related to the right to reclaim or the obligation to return cash collateral may not be used to offset amounts due under the derivative instruments in the normal course of settlement. Therefore, such amounts are not offset against fair value amounts recognized for derivative instruments with the same counterparty and are included in other assets and other liabilities. Changes in the fair value of the Company’s derivative financial instruments are recognized in earnings and, where applicable, are offset by the corresponding gain or loss on the related foreign-denominated or hedged assets or liabilities, on the condensed consolidated statements of income.
The Company may also use financial instruments designated as net investment hedges for accounting purposes to hedge net investments in international subsidiaries, the functional currency of which is not United States ("US") dollars. The gain or loss from revaluing net investment hedges at the spot rate is deferred and reported within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“AOCI”) on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. The Company reassesses the effectiveness of its net investment hedge at least quarterly.
Separate Account Assets and Liabilities
.
Separate account assets are maintained by BlackRock Life Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, which is a registered life insurance company in the United Kingdom (“UK”), and represent segregated assets held for purposes of funding individual and group pension contracts. The life insurance company does not underwrite any insurance contracts that involve any insurance risk transfer from the insured to the life insurance company. The separate account assets primarily include equity securities, debt securities, money market funds and derivatives. The separate account assets are not subject to general claims of the creditors of BlackRock. These separate account assets and the related equal and offsetting liabilities are recorded as separate account assets and separate account liabilities on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition.
8
The net investment income attributable to separate account assets supporting individual and group pension contracts