both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
20
(b)
This category includes private equity funds that initially invest in nonmarketable securities of private companies, which ultimately may become public in the future. The fair values of these investments have been estimated using capital accounts representing the Company’s ownership interest in the funds and may also include other performance inputs. The Company’s investment in each fund is not subject to redemption and is normally returned through distributions as a result of the liquidation of the underlying assets of the private equity funds. The liquidation period for the investments in these funds is unknown at both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
(c)
This category includes several real assets funds that invest directly and indirectly in real estate or infrastructure. The fair values of the investments have been estimated using capital accounts representing the Company’s ownership interest in the funds. The Company’s investments that are not subject to redemption or are not currently redeemable are normally returned through distributions and realizations of the underlying assets of the funds. The liquidation period for the investments in the funds that are not subject to redemptions is unknown at both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. The total remaining unfunded commitments were
$
759
million
and $
750
million at
March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024
, respectively. The Company’s portion of the total remaining
unfunded commitments
was
$
746
million
and $
736
million at
March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
(d)
This category includes hedge funds and funds of hedge funds that invest primarily in equities, fixed income securities, mortgage instruments and other third-party hedge funds. The fair values of the investments have been estimated using the NAV of the Company's ownership interest in partners' capital. The investments in hedge funds will be redeemed upon settlement of certain deferred cash compensation liabilities.
(e)
This category includes the underlying third-party private equity funds within consolidated BlackRock sponsored private equity funds of funds. These investments are not subject to redemption or are not currently redeemable; however, for certain funds, the Company may sell or transfer its interest, which may need approval by the general partner of the underlying funds. Due to the nature of the investments in this category, the Company reduces its investment by distributions that are received through the realization of the underlying assets of the funds. The liquidation period for the underlying assets of these funds is unknown.
Fair Value Option
At both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company elected the fair value option for certain investments in CLOs of approximately
$
72
million
reported within investments.
In addition, the Company elected the fair value option for bank loans and borrowings of a consolidated CLO, recorded within