separately. Other judgments include determining whether performance obligations are satisfied over time or at a point in time. Fees earned for technology services are primarily recorded as services are performed over time and are generally determined using the value of positions on the Aladdin platform or on a fixed-rate basis. Revenue derived from the sale of software licenses is recognized upon the granting of access rights.
Adjustments to revenue arising from initial estimates recorded historically have been immaterial since the majority of BlackRock’s investment advisory and administration revenue is calculated based on AUM, recognized when known, and given the Company does not record performance fee revenue until: (1) performance thresholds have been exceeded and (2) management determines the fees are no longer probable of significant reversal. See Note 2,
Significant Accounting Policies
, in the consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8 of this filing for more information on revenue recognition, including other revenue streams.
Income Taxes
The Company records income taxes based upon its estimated income tax liability or benefit. The Company’s actual tax liability or benefit may differ from the estimated income tax liability or benefit.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases using currently enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
Significant management judgment is required in estimating the ranges of possible outcomes and determining the probability of favorable or unfavorable tax outcomes and potential interest and penalties related to such unfavorable outcomes. Actual future tax consequences relating to uncertain tax positions may be materially different than the Company’s current estimates. At December 31, 2024, BlackRock had $517 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which $431 million, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.
Management is required to estimate the timing of the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, make assumptions about the future deductibility of deferred income tax assets and assess deferred income tax liabilities based on enacted tax rates for the appropriate tax jurisdictions to determine the amount of such deferred income tax assets and liabilities. At December 31, 2024, the Company had deferred income tax assets of $181 million and deferred income tax liabilities of $3.3 billion on the consolidated statement of financial condition. Changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities may occur in certain circumstances, including statutory income tax rate changes, statutory