changes in government regulations, including tax and interest rates. Failure to obtain funds and/or financing, or any adverse change to the cost of obtaining such funds and/or financing, may cause BlackRock’s AUM, liquidity and earnings to decline, curtail its operations and limit or impede its prospects for growth.
Operating risks associated with BlackRock’s securities lending program may result in client losses.
BlackRock lends securities to banks and broker-dealers as agent on behalf of certain of its clients. In these securities lending transactions, the borrower is required to provide and maintain collateral at or above regulatory minimums. Securities on loan are marked to market daily to determine if the borrower is required to provide additional collateral. BlackRock must manage this process and is charged with mitigating the associated operational risks. The failure of BlackRock’s controls to mitigate such operational risks could result in financial losses for the Company’s clients that participate in its securities lending programs (separate from any losses related to the risks of collateral investments), and BlackRock may be held liable for any failure to manage such risks.
Inorganic transactions may harm the Company’s competitive or financial position if they are not successful.
BlackRock employs a variety of organic and inorganic strategies intended to enhance earnings, increase product offerings, deliver whole-portfolio solutions, access new clients, leverage advances in technology and expand into new geographies. Inorganic strategies have included hiring smaller-sized investment teams, making minority investments in early- to mid-stage technological and other ventures, entering into strategic joint ventures and acquiring investment management and technology businesses, analytics, models and other IP. Inorganic transactions involve a number of financial, accounting, tax, regulatory, geographical and operational challenges and uncertainties, including in some cases, the assumption of pre-existing liabilities, which must be managed in order for BlackRock to realize the benefit of such transactions, and such transactions may be the subject of unanticipated liabilities arising from commercial, client or other disputes, information security vulnerabilities or breaches and IP or other legal claims.
23
The success of BlackRock’s inorganic strategy also depends in large part on its ability to integrate the workforce, operations, strategies, technologies and other components of a target business following the completion of an acquisition. BlackRock may be required to commit significant management time, as well as create new, or grow existing, operational and support functions, to facilitate the integration of acquired businesses, manage combined future growth and maintain a cohesive corporate culture. There can be no assurance that BlackRock will be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, retain associated talent, scale support