in a manner that is adverse to BlackRock.
27
•
Global MMF Reforms:
Following the market events of March 2020, US, UK and EU authorities initiated a review of existing regulatory frameworks with the aim of improving the resilience of MMFs in market downturns. In the US, the SEC adopted changes to Rule 2a-7, the primary rule under the Investment Company Act of 1940 governing MMFs, including changes to required liquidity levels and requiring mandatory liquidity fees under certain circumstances. The UK released a consultation in December 2023 indicating their intent to change regulatory requirements for MMFs domiciled in the UK, including material increases in required liquidity levels. The EU consultation on macroprudential policies mentioned above may also result in changes to the regulations of EU-domiciled MMFs. Depending on the terms of the final UK and EU reforms, certain of BlackRock’s MMF products could be adversely impacted.
•
Sustainability:
Sustainability has been the subject of regulatory focus across jurisdictions. Disclosure standards aligned with the International Sustainability Standards Board's (“ISSB”) inaugural disclosure standards have been adopted by several national regulators, including in Hong Kong, Singapore and Australia, while others are expected to propose ISSB-aligned standards, such as the UK, Canada and Japan. However in the US, final rules issued by the SEC requiring corporate issuers to make climate-related disclosures in their periodic reports are pending litigation, and as of February 2025, the SEC was revisiting its litigation position. The SEC has previously proposed rules requiring enhanced ESG disclosures by investment companies and investment advisers in fund and adviser filings, including disclosures on ESG strategies and how ESG factors are considered and GHG emissions disclosure by certain environmentally focused funds. It also increased scrutiny of disclosure and compliance issues relating to investment advisers’ and funds’ ESG strategies, policies and procedures. In addition, the US Department of Labor (“DOL”) issued final rules clarifying that Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”) plan fiduciaries can consider the economic effects of ESG factors for purposes of investing ERISA plan assets and exercising voting rights with respect to plan investments. In 2023, California passed several laws requiring certain companies doing business in California to publish certain types of climate-related disclosures, and other states may adopt similar laws
.
The EU has enacted numerous sustainability regulations, including (1) the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation, requiring sustainability-related disclosures by financial market participants; (2) the EU Taxonomy Regulation, requiring asset managers to report against an EU-wide taxonomy of environmentally sustainable activities and make detailed disclosures relating to ESG characteristics of funds and portfolios; (3) the Corporate