estimated useful life or the remaining lease term.
The Company capitalizes certain costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining software within property and equipment. Capitalized software costs are amortized, beginning when the software product is ready for its intended use, over the estimated useful life of the software of approximately
three years
.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
. Goodwill represents the cost of a business acquisition in excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired. The Company has determined that it has one reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing purposes, the consolidated BlackRock single operating segment, which is consistent with internal management reporting and management's oversight of operations. The Company performs an impairment assessment of its goodwill at least annually, as of July 31. In its assessment of goodwill for impairment, the Company considers such factors as the book value and market capitalization of the Company as well as other qualitative factors. See Note 11,
Goodwill
, for further information on the Company's goodwill.
Intangible assets are comprised of indefinite-lived intangible assets and finite-lived intangible assets acquired in a business acquisition. The value of contracts to manage assets in proprietary open-end funds and collective trust funds and certain other commingled products without a specified termination date is generally classified as indefinite-lived intangible assets. In addition, trade names/trademarks are considered indefinite-lived intangible assets when they are expected to generate cash flows indefinitely.
Indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized. Finite-lived investor/customer relationships, technology-related assets, and management contracts, which relate to acquired separate accounts and funds, that are expected to contribute to the future cash flows of the Company for a specified period of time, are amortized over their estimated useful lives. On a quarterly basis, the Company considers whether the indefinite-lived and finite-lived classifications are still appropriate.
The Company performs assessments to determine if any intangible assets are potentially impaired at least annually, as of July 31. The carrying value of finite-lived assets and their remaining useful lives are reviewed to determine if circumstances exist which may indicate a potential impairment or revisions to the amortization period.
In evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of indefinite-lived intangibles is less than its carrying value, BlackRock assesses various significant quantitative factors, including assets under management (“AUM”), revenue basis points, projected AUM growth rates, operating margins, tax rates and discount rates. If an indefinite-lived intangible is determined to be more likely than not impaired, then the fair value of the asset is compared with its carrying value and any excess of the carrying value