over the fair value would be recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs. See Note 12,
Intangible Assets
, for further information on the Company’s intangible assets.
For finite-lived intangible assets, if potential impairment circumstances are considered to exist, the Company will perform a recoverability test using an undiscounted cash flow analysis. If the carrying value of the asset is determined not to be recoverable based on the undiscounted cash flow test, the difference between the carrying value of the asset and its current fair value would be recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs.
F-
11
Consolidated Affiliate.
The Company owns
50.1
% of an asset management company in China - BlackRock CCB Wealth Management Company Ltd. (“WMC”). The Company consolidates WMC, which it deems to be a VRE, because it exerts control over the financial and operating policies of the entity, based on the Company’s
50.1
% ownership and voting rights.
Noncontrolling Interests.
NCI consist of third-party ownership interests in the Company’s CIPs (“NCI – CIPs”) and the WMC. The Company reports NCI in stockholders’ equity, separate from the parent’s equity, on the consolidated statements of financial condition. NCI that are redeemable at the option of the holders are classified as temporary equity at estimated redemption value and nonredeemable NCI are classified as a component of permanent equity in the consolidated statements of financial condition. In addition, the Company reports net income (loss) attributable to redeemable and nonredeemable NCI holders in net income (loss) attributable to NCI in the consolidated statements of income.
Treasury Stock
. The Company records common stock purchased for treasury at cost. At the date of subsequent reissuance, the treasury stock account is reduced by the cost of such stock using the average cost method.
Revenue Recognition.
Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised services to customers in an amount to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those services. The Company enters into contracts that can include multiple services, which are accounted for separately if they are determined to be distinct. Consideration for the Company’s services is generally in the form of variable consideration because the amount of fees is subject to market conditions that are outside of the Company’s influence. The Company includes variable consideration in revenue when it is no longer probable of significant reversal, i.e. when the associated uncertainty is resolved. For some contracts with customers, the Company has discretion to involve a third-party in providing services to the customer. Generally, the Company is deemed to be the principal in these arrangements because the Company controls the promised services before they are transferred to customers, and accordingly presents the revenue gross of related costs.
Investment Advisory, Administration