earnings, US income taxes were provided on the Company’s undistributed foreign earnings. The financial statement basis in excess of tax basis of its foreign subsidiaries remains indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. The Company will continue to evaluate its capital management plans.
Short-Term Borrowings
2024 Revolving Credit Facility.
The Company maintains an unsecured revolving credit facility, which is available for working capital and general corporate purposes (the “2024 Credit Facility”). In March 2024, the 2024 Credit Facility was amended to, among other things, (1) permit the GIP Transaction and the transactions contemplated in connection with the GIP Transaction, (2) add New BlackRock as a borrower under the existing credit agreement, (3) add New BlackRock as a guarantor of the payment and performance of the obligations, liabilities and indebtedness of Old BlackRock and certain of its other subsidiaries and (4) update the sustainability-linked pricing mechanics to remove existing metrics and allow new metrics, if any, to be set following the consummation of the GIP Transaction. In May 2024, the 2024 Credit Facility was further amended to, among other things, (1) increase the aggregate commitment amount by $400 million to $5.4 billion and (2) extend the maturity date to March 2029 for lenders (other than one non-extending lender) pursuant to the Company’s option to request extensions of the maturity date available under the 2024 Credit Facility (with the commitment of the non-extending lender maturing in March 2028). The 2024 Credit Facility permits the Company to request up to an additional $1.0 billion of borrowing capacity, subject to lender credit approval, which could increase the overall size of the 2024 Credit Facility to an aggregate principal amount of up to $6.4 billion. Interest on outstanding borrowings accrues at an applicable benchmark rate for the denominated currency of the loan, plus a spread. The 2024 Credit Facility requires the Company not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio (ratio of net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, where net debt equals total debt less unrestricted cash) of 3 to 1, which was satisfied with a ratio of less than 1 to 1 at December 31, 2024. At December 31, 2024, the Company had no amount outstanding under the 2024 Credit Facility.
Commercial Paper Program.
On November 7, 2024, BlackRock established a commercial paper program (the "CP Program") under which the Company may issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes (the "CP Notes") on a private-placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $5 billion. The payments of the CP Notes have been unconditionally guaranteed by Old BlackRock (the "CP Notes Guarantee"). The CP Notes will rank equal in right of payment with all of BlackRock's other unsubordinated indebtedness, and the obligations of Old BlackRock under the CP Notes Guarantee will rank equal in right of payment