Employee Benefit Plans
Deferred Cash Compensation Plans
The components of deferred cash compensation expense are as follows:
(1)
Amounts primarily relate to deferred cash compensation in connection with certain acquisitions.
Investment Professional Deferred Compensation Program (“IPDCP”).
The Company adopted IPDCP for the purpose of providing deferred compensation and retention incentives to certain employees. For this plan, the final value of the deferred amount to be distributed in cash upon vesting is associated with investment returns of certain investment funds. In January 2024, 2023 and 2022
, the Company granted approximately $
114
million, $
90
million, and $
257
million of deferred compensation that will fluctuate with investment returns and will vest ratably over
three years
from the date of grant. The liabilities for this plan were
$
220
million
and $
313
million at December 31,
2024 and 2023, respectively, and are reflected in the consolidated statements of financial condition as accrued compensation and benefits. In January 2025
, the Company granted approximately $
264
million of additional deferred compensation that will fluctuate with investment returns and will vest ratably over
three years
from the date of grant.
Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan.
The Company adopted a Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan (“VDCP”) that allows eligible employees in the US to elect to defer between
1
% and
100
% of their annual cash incentive compensation. The participants must specify a deferral period of
up to 10 years
from the year of deferral and additionally elect to receive distributions in the form of a lump sum or in up to
10
annual installments. VDCP deferred cash compensation expense includes the mark-to-market impact of investment returns. The liability balance of
$
170
million
and $
144
million at December 31,
2024 and 2023, respectively, is reflected on the consolidated statements of financial condition as accrued compensation and benefits.
Other Deferred Cash Plans.
The liabilities related to other deferred cash plans were
$
34
million
and $
82
million at December 31,
2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily related to deferred cash plans granted in connection with certain acquisitions.
In 2019, the Company adopted a carried interest retention incentive program referred to as the BlackRock Leadership Retention Carry Plan, pursuant to which senior-level employees (but not including the Chief Executive Officer), as may be determined by the Company from time to time, will be eligible to receive a portion of the cash payments, based on their percentage points, in the total carried interest distributions paid to the Company from participating carry funds. Cash payments, if any, with respect to these percentage points will be made over time following the recipient’s termination of employment due to qualified retirement, death or disability, subject to his or her execution of a release of claims and continued compliance with his or her