would be considered a fiduciary subject to ERISA and could require BlackRock to revise a number of its distribution relationships, create compliance and operational challenges for BlackRock and its distribution partners, and limit BlackRock’s ability to provide certain services to applicable clients. In July 2024, federal courts issued stays on the regulation and implementation has been postponed pending further notice.
SEC US Treasury Clearing Mandate
In December 2023, the SEC adopted rules mandating central clearing of US Treasury repurchases and certain other Treasury transactions. The rules require many market participants, including a large number of BlackRock funds and accounts, to clear Treasury repurchase transactions and potentially certain cash Treasury securities transactions through a clearing agency registered with the SEC, which could increase transaction costs for BlackRock’s clients.
Proposed Rules on Equity Market Structure
In 2023, the SEC proposed equity market structure reforms that would significantly change how national market system (“NMS”) stock orders are priced, executed and reported. The reforms include: (1) a requirement for certain retail orders to be subject to order-by-order competition, (2) a best execution rule and (3) an adjustment to the tick sizes at which NMS stocks can be quoted or traded. In 2024, the SEC adopted the rule adjusting NMS tick sizes. If the other proposed rules are enacted as proposed, their collective impact may adversely affect market efficiency and execution costs, which would result in negative effects for BlackRock’s business and clients.
SEC Rules on Short Sales and Reporting of Securities Loans
In 2023, the SEC adopted a new rule requiring certain institutional managers to report short positions and activity to the SEC for publication on an aggregate basis, which could impact investment strategies and result in greater operational burdens and cost for BlackRock. The SEC also adopted a new rule requiring certain persons to report information on securities loan transactions to a registered national securities association which will then publish certain information. The rule may increase BlackRock’s operational burdens and costs.
SEC Predictive Data Analytics Rules
The SEC proposed new rules in 2023 that would require broker-dealers and investment advisers, when engaging or communicating with investors using predictive data analytics (“PDA”) and PDA-like technologies, to evaluate such technologies for conflicts of interest and, where identified, eliminate or neutralize the conflict of interest. If adopted as proposed, the rules could encompass a wide range of forward-looking uses of technology applications and impose significant operational burdens and costs.
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network Rule for Registered Investment Advisers
In August 2024, the Financial Crime Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”) issued a final rule which will require registered investment advisers to adopt new anti-