the contractual performance criteria have been met and when it is determined that they are no longer probable of significant reversal. Given the unique nature of each fee arrangement, contracts with customers are evaluated on an individual basis to determine the timing of revenue recognition. Significant judgment is involved in making such determination. Performance fees typically arise from investment management services that began in prior reporting periods. Consequently, a portion of the fees the Company recognizes may be partially related to the services performed in prior periods that meet the recognition criteria in the current period. At each reporting date, the Company considers various factors in estimating performance fees to be recognized, including carried interest. These factors include but are not limited to whether: (1) the amounts are dependent on the financial markets and, thus, are highly susceptible to factors outside the Company’s influence; (2) the ultimate payments have a large number and a broad range of possible amounts; and (3) the funds or SMAs have the ability to (a) invest or reinvest their sales proceeds or (b) distribute their sales proceeds, and determine the timing of such distributions.
The Company is allocated/distributed carried interest from certain alternative investment products upon exceeding performance thresholds. The Company may be required to reverse/return all, or part, of such carried interest allocations/distributions depending upon future performance of these products. Carried interest subject to such clawback provisions is recorded in investments or cash and cash equivalents to the extent that it is distributed, on the Company's consolidated statements of financial condition.
The Company records a liability for deferred carried interest to the extent it receives cash or capital allocations related to carried interest prior to meeting the revenue recognition criteria. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had $1.9 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively, of deferred carried interest recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition. A portion of the deferred carried interest may also be paid to certain employees and other third parties, which may be subject to clawback. The ultimate timing of the recognition of performance fee revenue and related compensation expense, if any, is unknown. See Note 17,
Revenue
, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for detailed changes in the deferred carried interest liability balance for 2024 and 2023.
The Company earns revenue for providing technology services. Determining the amount of revenue to recognize requires judgment and estimates. Complex arrangements with nonstandard terms and conditions may require contract interpretation to determine the appropriate accounting, including whether promised goods and services specified in an arrangement, are distinct performance obligations, and should be accounted for