time. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their remaining expected useful lives, which, at December 31, 2024 ranged from approximately 1 to 14 years with a weighted-average remaining estimated useful life of approximately 9 years.
61
The Company performs assessments to determine if any intangible assets are impaired at least annually, as of July 31, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the intangible assets might be impaired.
In evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of indefinite-lived intangibles is less than its carrying value, BlackRock performs certain quantitative assessments and assessed various significant quantitative factors including AUM, revenue basis points, projected AUM growth rates, operating margins, tax rates and discount rates. In addition, the Company considered other qualitative factors including: (1) macroeconomic conditions such as a deterioration in general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, or other developments in equity and credit markets; (2) industry and market considerations such as a deterioration in the environment in which the Company operates, an increased competitive environment, a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics, a change in the market for an entity’s services, or regulatory, legal or political developments; and (3) Company-specific events, such as a change in management or key personnel, overall financial performance and litigation that could affect significant inputs used to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. If an indefinite-lived intangible is determined to be more likely than not impaired, then the fair value of the asset, which is generally determined using an income approach, is compared with its carrying value and any excess of the carrying value over the fair value would be recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs.
For finite-lived intangible assets, if potential impairment circumstances are considered to exist, the Company will perform a recoverability test, using an undiscounted cash flow analysis. Factors included in evaluating finite-lived customer relationships, technology related assets and trade names include technology services revenue trends, customer attrition rates, obsolescence rates, and royalty rates. For finite-lived management contracts, evaluation is based on changes in assumptions including AUM, revenue basis points, projected AUM growth rates, operating margins, tax rates and discount rates. Actual results could differ from these cash flow estimates, which could materially impact the impairment conclusion. If the carrying value of the asset is determined not to be recoverable based on the undiscounted cash flow test, the difference between the book value of the asset and its current estimated fair value would be recognized as an expense in the