2022. In June 2023, the EU-US Data Protection Framework came into force, which allows organizations to self-certify their compliance under the framework for data transfers from the EU, UK and Switzerland to the US. Saudi Arabia and Dubai have also adopted privacy and data protection regulations aligned with GDPR. GDPR and UK GDPR, as well as other statutes and/or regulations concerning privacy and data protection, increase compliance obligations, affect BlackRock’s collection, processing, retention and transfer of personal data and reporting of personal data security breaches, and provide for increased penalties for non-compliance.
BlackRock also maintains two offices in the Middle East, one in Dubai, which is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority, and one in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, which is regulated by the Saudi Capital Markets Authority. Both offices are authorized to provide certain investment services and support BlackRock’s provision of investment products and services in their countries of domicile. Other countries across the Middle Eastern region are serviced on a cross-border basis.
Regulation in the Asia-Pacific Region
In Japan, a BlackRock subsidiary is subject to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act (“FIEA”) and the Act on Investment Trusts and Investment Corporations. These laws are administered and enforced by the Japanese Financial Services Agency (“JFSA”), which establishes standards for compliance, including capital adequacy and financial soundness requirements, customer protection requirements and conduct of business rules. The JFSA is empowered to conduct administrative proceedings that can result in censure, fines, cease and desist orders or the suspension or revocation of registrations and licenses granted under the FIEA. This Japanese subsidiary also holds a license for real estate brokerage activities which subjects it to the regulations set forth in the Real Estate Brokerage Act.
17
In Australia, BlackRock’s main operating entities are principally regulated under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”), which includes holding an Australian financial services license and operating registered managed investment schemes. ASIC is Australia’s integrated corporate, markets, financial services and consumer credit regulator.
In New Zealand, certain BlackRock subsidiaries are primarily regulated by the Financial Markets Authority (“FMA”). The FMA is responsible for overseeing and enforcing financial markets legislation including the licensing of firms to provide certain financial products and services in New Zealand and administering anti-money laundering and terrorism financing legislation, amongst other functions.
The activities of certain BlackRock subsidiaries in Hong Kong are subject to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”), which governs the securities and futures markets, and regulates, among others, offers of investments to the public, and