behalf of their clients, or indicated that voting and engagement on certain topics should trigger changes in regulatory status. Additional commentary focuses on the common ownership theory, an academic theory stating that minority ownership of multiple companies within a single industry by the same investor leads to anticompetitive effects. This theory purports to link aggregated equity positions in certain industries with higher consumer prices and executive compensation and lower wages and employment rates, among other things. In 2021, the FTC identified common ownership as a key enforcement area and passed a resolution empowering individual commissioners to investigate shareholder conduct in connection with common ownership. In 2023, the FTC and DOJ released new merger guidelines recognizing that common ownership may reduce competitive incentives and in 2024, the FTC and DOJ submitted a joint comment letter to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”) encouraging FERC to consider common ownership as a relevant factor in updating regulatory relief available to asset managers. Common ownership may be given greater consideration in regulatory investigations, studies, rule proposals, policy decisions and/or the scrutiny of mergers and acquisitions. The debate on common ownership has been on the agenda of lawmakers, policymakers and competition regulators globally, and common ownership may continue to be a consideration for the EC and European Parliament, among others. There is substantial literature casting doubt on the assumptions, data, methodology and conclusions associated with the common ownership theory, including research conducted by staff of regulatory agencies. Competition regulators, including at the FTC and UK Competition & Markets Authority (“CMA”), have acknowledged that the debate around the theory remains unsettled. Nevertheless, some commentators have proposed remedies, including limits on the ownership stakes of common owners that, if enacted into policy, could have a negative impact on the capital markets, as well as increase costs and limit the availability of products for investors. Such policy solutions could, in turn, adversely affect BlackRock.
New tax legislation or changes to existing US and non-US tax laws, treaties and regulations or challenges to BlackRock’s historical taxation practices may adversely affect BlackRock’s effective tax rate, business and overall financial condition.
BlackRock’s businesses may be directly or indirectly affected by tax legislation and regulation, or the modification of existing tax laws, by US or non-US tax authorities. Legislation at both the US federal and state level has been previously proposed to enact a financial transaction tax (“FTT”) on stocks, bonds and a broad range of financial instruments and derivative transactions. In the EU, certain Member States have also enacted similar FTTs and the EC has proposed legislation to harmonize these taxes and provide for the adoption