pricing mechanics to remove existing metrics and allow new metrics, if any, to be set following the consummation of the GIP Transaction. In May 2024, the 2024 Credit Facility was further amended to, among other things, (1) increase the aggregate commitment amount by $
400
million to $
5.4
billion and (2) extend the maturity date to March 2029 for lenders (other than one non-extending lender) pursuant to the Company’s option to request extensions of the maturity date available under the 2024 Credit Facility (with the commitment of the non-extending lender maturing in March 2028).
The 2024 Credit Facility permits the Company to request up to an additional $
1.0
billion of borrowing capacity, subject to lender credit approval, which could increase the overall size of the 2024 Credit Facility to an aggregate principal amount of up to $
6.4
billion.
Interest on outstanding borrowings accrues at an applicable benchmark rate for the denominated currency of the loan, plus a spread.
The 2024 Credit Facility requires the Company not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio (ratio of net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, where net debt equals total debt less unrestricted cash) of 3 to 1
, which was satisfied with a ratio of
less than 1 to 1
at
December 31, 2024. At December 31, 2024
, the Company had
no
amount outstanding under the 2024 Credit Facility.
Commercial Paper Program.
On November 7, 2024, BlackRock established a commercial paper program (the "CP Program") under which the Company may issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes (the "CP Notes") on a private-placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $
5
billion. The payments of the CP Notes have been unconditionally guaranteed by Old BlackRock (the "CP Notes Guarantee"). In addition, the CP Notes will rank at least equal in right of payment with all of New BlackRock's other unsubordinated indebtedness, and the obligations of Old BlackRock under the guarantee will rank at least equal in right of payment with all of Old BlackRock's other unsubordinated indebtedness. Net proceeds of issuances of the CP Notes are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. The CP Program is currently supported by the 2024 Credit Facility. The CP Program replaced the Company's prior $
4
billion commercial paper program, which was terminated concurrently with the establishment of this CP Program, and has been put into place in connection with the Company's organizational structure following the closing of the GIP Transaction. At December 31,
2024
, BlackRock had
no
CP Notes outstanding.
Subsidiary Credit Facility.
In January 2024, BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited ("BIM UK"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a revolving credit facility (the “Subsidiary Credit Facility”) in the amount of £
25
million (or approximately
$
31
million
based on the GBP/USD foreign exchange rate at December 31, 2024) with a rolling