be used for general corporate purposes. The commercial paper program is currently supported by the 2025 Credit Facility. At
March 31, 2025
, BlackRock had
no
CP Notes outstanding.
Subsidiary Credit Facility.
BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited ("BIM UK"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, maintains a revolving credit facility (the “Subsidiary Credit Facility”) in the amount of £
25
million (or approximately
$
32
million
based on the GBP/USD foreign exchange rate at March 31, 2025) with a rolling 364-day term structure. The Subsidiary Credit Facility is available for BIM UK's general corporate and working capital purposes. At March 31, 2025
, there was
no
amount outstanding under the Subsidiary Credit Facility.
24
Long-Term Borrowings
The carrying value and fair value of long-term borrowings determined using market prices and EUR/USD foreign exchange rate at
March 31, 2025 included the following:
(1)
The unamortized discount and debt issuance costs are amortized over the term of the notes.
(2)
Issued by Old BlackRock and guaranteed by BlackRock, Inc. ("New BlackRock").
Long-term borrowings at December 31, 2024
had a carrying value of $
12.3
billion and a fair value of $
11.7
billion, determined using market prices at the end of
December 31, 2024.
See Note 15,
Borrowings
, in the 2024
Form 10-K for more information regarding the Company’s borrowings.
15. Commitments and Contingencies
Investment Commitments.
At March 31, 2025
, the Company had $
1.2
billion of various capital commitments to fund sponsored investment products, including CIPs. These products include various private market products, including private equity funds, real assets funds and opportunistic funds. This amount excludes additional commitments made by consolidated funds of funds to underlying third-party funds as third-party noncontrolling interest holders have the legal obligation to fund the respective commitments of such funds of funds. Generally, the timing of the funding of these commitments is unknown and the commitments are callable on demand at any time prior to the expiration of the commitment. These unfunded commitments are not recorded on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. These commitments do not include potential future commitments approved by the Company that are not yet legally binding. The Company intends to make additional capital commitments from time to time to fund additional investment products for, and with, its clients.
Contingencies
Contingent Consideration Liabilities
. In connection with certain acquisitions, BlackRock is required to make contingent payments, subject to the achievement of specified performance targets or satisfaction of certain post-closing events. The fair value of any contingent consideration is estimated at the time of acquisition closing and is included in contingent consideration liabilities on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. The fair value of the remaining