to its total portfolio of seed investments in sponsored investment products. The Company had outstanding futures related to its seed capital hedging program with an aggregate notional value of approximately $1.8 billion at both December 31, 2024 and 2023.
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, approximately $5.8 billion and $6.0 billion, respectively, of BlackRock’s investments were held in consolidated sponsored investment products accounted for as variable interest entities or voting rights entities. Excluding the impact of the Federal Reserve Bank stock, carried interest, investments made to hedge exposure to certain deferred cash compensation plans and certain investments that are hedged via the seed capital hedging program, the Company’s economic exposure to its investment portfolio at December 31, 2024 and 2023 were $3.9 billion and $3.8 billion, respectively. See Item 7,
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Statement of Financial Condition Overview – Investments
for further information on the Company’s investments.
Equity Market Price Risk.
Investments subject to market price risk include public and private equity and real assets investments, hedge funds and funds of funds as well as mutual funds. The following table provides the Company's net exposure to equity market price risk and hypothetical exposure to a 10% adverse change in market prices:
Interest Rate/Credit Spread Risk.
Investments subject to interest rate and credit spread risk include debt securities and sponsored investment products that invest primarily in debt securities. The following table provides the Company's exposure to interest rate risk and credit spread risk and hypothetical exposure to an adverse 100 basis point fluctuation in interest rates or credit spreads:
Foreign Exchange Rate Risk.
As discussed above, the Company invests in sponsored investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes. The carrying value of the total economic investment exposure denominated in foreign currencies are primarily based in the British pound and euro. The following table provides the Company's exposure to foreign currencies and hypothetical exposure to a 10% adverse change in the applicable foreign exchange rates:
Other Market Risks.
The Company executes forward foreign currency exchange contracts to mitigate the risk of certain foreign exchange risk movements. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had outstanding forward foreign currency exchange contracts with an aggregate notional value of approximately $3.6 billion and $3.1 billion, with expiration dates in January 2025 and 2024, respectively. In addition, the Company entered into futures to hedge economically the exposure to market movements on certain deferred cash compensation plans. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had outstanding exchange traded futures with aggregate notional values related to its deferred cash compensation hedging program of