Distributions received reduce the Company’s carrying value of the investment and the cost basis if deemed to be a return of capital. The Company classifies distributions in the consolidated statements of cash flows as either distributions of earnings (operating) or distributions of capital (investing) based on the nature of the distribution.
Impairments of Investments.
Management periodically assesses equity method, nonmarketable investments, and held-to-maturity investments for impairment. If impairment exists, an impairment charge would be recorded for the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over its estimated fair value in the consolidated statements of income.
For equity method investments and nonmarketable investments, impairment evaluation considers qualitative factors, including the financial conditions and specific events related to an investee, that may indicate the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value. For held-to-maturity investments, impairment is evaluated using market values, where available, or the expected future cash flows of the investment.
For the Company’s investments in CLOs, the Company reviews cash flow estimates over the life of each CLO investment. On a quarterly basis, if the present value of the estimated future cash flows is lower than the carrying value of the investment and there is an adverse change in estimated cash flows, an impairment is considered to be other-than-temporary.
Consolidation.
The Company performs an analysis for investment products to determine if the product is a VIE or a VRE. Factors considered in this analysis include the entity’s legal organization, the entity’s capital structure, the rights of equity investment holders and the Company’s contractual involvement with, and economic interest in, the entity and any related party or de facto agent implications of the Company’s involvement with the entity. Entities that are determined to be VIEs are consolidated if the Company is the primary beneficiary (“PB”) of the entity. VREs are typically consolidated if the Company holds the majority voting interest. Upon the occurrence of certain events (such as contributions and redemptions, either by the Company, or third parties, or amendments to an entity’s governing documents), management reviews and reconsiders its previous conclusion regarding the status of an entity as a VIE or a VRE.
Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities
. Certain investment products for which a controlling financial interest is achieved through arrangements that do not involve or are not directly linked to voting interests are deemed consolidated VIEs. BlackRock reviews factors, including whether or not (1) the entity has equity at risk that is sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated support from other parties and (2) the equity holders at risk have the obligation to absorb losses, the right to receive residual returns, and the right to direct