period in which the impairment occurs.
In addition, management judgment is required to estimate the period over which finite-lived intangible assets will contribute to the Company’s cash flows and the pattern in which these assets will be consumed and whether the indefinite-life and finite-life classifications are still appropriate. A change in the remaining useful life of any of these assets, or the reclassification of an indefinite-lived intangible asset to a finite-lived intangible asset, could have a significant impact on the Company’s amortization expense, which was $241 million, $151 million and $151 million for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
In 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company performed its annual impairment assessment, including evaluating various qualitative factors and performing certain quantitative assessments. In 2024, based on this assessment, the Company determined that the indefinite-lived intangible assets related to certain acquired open-end management contracts were impaired, and as a result, recorded a noncash impairment charge of $50 million, included within amortization and impairment of intangible assets expense on the consolidated statements of income. The impairment was primarily the result of a decrease in certain quantitative factors, including reduced growth expectation, lower revenue basis points and net client outflows, which caused the fair value to decline below its carrying value. While the Company believes all assumptions utilized in the analysis are reasonable and appropriate, changes in these estimates could produce different fair value amounts, which could drive additional impairment in future periods. In addition, the Company determined, that no impairment charges were required for any other intangible assets, and that the classification of indefinite-lived versus finite-lived intangibles was still appropriate and no changes were required to the expected lives of the finite-lived intangibles. In 2023 and 2022, the Company determined that no impairment charges were required and that the classification of indefinite-lived versus finite-lived intangibles was still appropriate and no changes were required to the expected lives of the finite-lived intangibles. The Company continuously monitors various factors, including AUM, for potential indicators of impairment.
Contingent Consideration Liabilities
In connection with certain acquisitions, BlackRock is required to make contingent payments, subject to the achievement of specified performance targets or satisfaction of certain post-closing events. The fair value of this contingent consideration is estimated at the time of acquisition closing and is included in contingent consideration liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition. The fair value of the remaining aggregate contingent payments at December 31, 2024 totaled $4.3 billion, including $4.2 billion related to the GIP Transaction, which, if any, will be settled all in stock, ranging