investment portfolio. The Board of Directors of the Company has adopted guidelines for the review of investments (or commitments to invest) to be made by the Company, requiring, among other things, that certain investments be referred to the Board of Directors, depending on the circumstances, for notification or approval.
In the normal course of its business, BlackRock is exposed to equity market price risk, interest rate/credit spread risk and foreign exchange rate risk associated with its corporate investments.
BlackRock has investments primarily in sponsored investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes, including real assets, private equity and hedge funds. Investments generally are made for co-investment purposes, to establish a performance track record, to hedge exposure to certain deferred cash compensation plans or for regulatory purposes. The Company has a seed capital hedging program in which it enters into futures to hedge market and interest rate exposure with respect to its total portfolio of seed investments in sponsored investment products. The Company had outstanding futures related to its seed capital hedging program with an aggregate notional value of approximately $1.8 billion at both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
At March 31, 2025, approximately $6.3 billion of BlackRock’s investments were held in consolidated sponsored investment products accounted for as variable interest entities or voting rights entities. Excluding the impact of the Federal Reserve Bank stock, carried interest, investments made to hedge exposure to certain deferred cash compensation plans and certain investments that are hedged via the seed capital hedging program, the Company’s economic exposure to its investment portfolio is $4.4 billion. See
Statement of Financial Condition Overview-Investments
in Item 2, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further information on the Company’s investments.
Equity Market Price Risk.
At March 31, 2025, the Company’s net exposure to equity market price risk in its investment portfolio was approximately $2.1 billion of the Company’s total economic investment exposure. Investments subject to market price risk include public and private equity and real assets investments, hedge funds and funds of funds as well as mutual funds. The Company estimates that a hypothetical exposure to a 10% adverse change in market prices would result in a decrease of approximately $214 million in the carrying value of such investments.
Interest Rate/Credit Spread Risk
. At March 31, 2025, the Company was exposed to interest rate risk and credit spread risk as a result of approximately $2.3 billion of investments in debt securities and sponsored investment products that invest primarily in debt securities. Management considered a hypothetical exposure to an adverse 100 basis point fluctuation in interest rates or credit spreads and estimates that the impact of such a