laws and regulations, including those discussed above. Challenges associated with interpreting regulations issued in numerous countries in a globally consistent manner may add to such risks if regulators in different jurisdictions have inconsistent views or provide only limited regulatory guidance. In particular, violation of applicable laws or regulations could result in fines and/or sanctions, temporary or permanent prohibition of certain activities, reputational harm and related client terminations, suspensions of employees or revocation of their licenses, suspension or termination of investment adviser, broker-dealer or other registrations, or suspension or termination of BTC’s bank charter or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on BlackRock’s reputation or business and may cause the Company’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. For a more extensive discussion of the laws, regulations and regulators to which BlackRock is subject and regulated by, see Item 1,
Business – Regulation
.
New regulations informed by global standard setters and/or developed by various national authorities may expose BlackRock to increasing regulatory scrutiny and compliance costs in the jurisdictions in which it operates.
Policymaking workstreams focused on the financial services sector led by global standard setters, such as the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) and International Organization of Securities Commissions (“IOSCO”), may lead to or inform new regulations in multiple jurisdictions in which BlackRock operates. Such workstreams have focused on areas such as money market funds (“MMFs”), open-ended funds (“OEFs”) and sustainability regulations. BlackRock is, and may become, subject to increasing regulation in these areas, see Item 1,
Business – Regulation
, including:
•
Macroprudential Policies for Asset Managers:
Concerns about liquidity and leverage risks in the asset management industry and wider market-based finance sector have prompted a broad review of existing regulations globally, including an assessment of the adequacy of certain structural market components in mitigating risks, by the FSB, IOSCO, the US Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and the Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”). In November 2022, the SEC proposed amendments to rules governing OEF liquidity risk management. The EU launched a consultation on macroprudential policies in 2024, including enhanced requirements for liquidity management tools, which may lead to new restrictions on management of OEFs. The UK proposed introducing liquidity facilities to certain asset owners, which could result in regulatory burdens on asset managers. If any of these regulatory or policy actions result in broad application of macroprudential tools to OEFs or require changes to structural features of certain OEFs, it could limit BlackRock’s ability to offer products to certain clients and/or result in clients altering their investment strategies or allocations