fund manager. BlackRock expects the combination of GIP with BlackRock’s complementary infrastructure offerings will create a broad global infrastructure franchise with differentiated origination and asset management capabilities. Consideration at close included approximately $
3
billion in cash, funded through the issuance of long-term notes in March 2024 (
See Note 15,
Borrowings
, in the 2024 Form 10-K for more information regarding the Company’s borrowings
), and
6.9
million of unregistered shares of BlackRock common stock. The shares were valued at $
5.9
billion at close, based on the price of BlackRock's common stock on September 30, 2024 of approximately $
950
, discounted for security-specific registration restrictions for two years after closing, resulting in a value of approximately $
855
per share. In addition, as part of the purchase consideration, a contingent consideration payment, all in stock, may be due subject to achieving certain performance targets. The contingent consideration payment, if any, ranges from
4.0
million to
5.2
million shares, and will be valued based on the price of BlackRock's common stock at the time the contingency is resolved. The payment is expected to be payable no later than December 31, 2028 or based on the achievement of the agreed upon performance targets. The fair value of the contingent consideration payment, which was determined by using the income approach with the assistance of a third-party fair value specialist, was $
4.2
billion at close, and was recorded within contingent consideration liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition. Certain significant inputs were used to determine the fair value, including assumptions on discount rates as well as estimates of the timing and amounts of fundraising forecasts, stock and AUM volatility, and correlation between stock price and AUM (Level 3 inputs). The contingent consideration payment was classified as a liability as the value of the consideration to be delivered in shares is predominately based on achieving certain performance targets.
See Note 8,
Fair Value Disclosures
and Note
15
, Commitments and Contingencies
for additional information on the contingent consideration related to GIP.
The GIP Transaction was accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values at the date of the transaction. The goodwill recognized in connection with the acquisition includes future benefits for BlackRock as a result of scale and anticipated synergies from a combined global infrastructure franchise. The amount of goodwill expected to be deductible for tax purposes is approximately $
200
million.
11
The following table summarizes the consideration paid for GIP and the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed recognized at the acquisition date:
(1)
The fair value for