accordance with GAAP; however, management believes evaluating the Company’s ongoing operating results may be enhanced if investors have additional non-GAAP financial measures. Adjustments to GAAP financial measures (“non-GAAP adjustments”) include certain items management deems nonrecurring or that occur infrequently, transactions that ultimately will not impact BlackRock’s book value or certain tax items that do not impact cash flow. Management reviews non-GAAP financial measures, in addition to GAAP financial measures, to assess ongoing operations and considers them to be helpful, for both management and investors, in evaluating BlackRock’s financial performance over time. Management also uses non-GAAP financial measures as a benchmark to compare its performance with other companies and to enhance comparability for the reporting periods presented. Non-GAAP financial measures may pose limitations because they do not include all of BlackRock’s revenue and expense. BlackRock’s management does not advocate that investors consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies.
Computations and reconciliations for all periods are derived from the condensed consolidated statements of income as follows:
38
(1) Operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted:
(1)
Amount included within general and administration expense.
(2) Nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to NCI, as adjusted:
(3) Net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted
:
(1)
Non-GAAP adjustments, excluding income tax matters, are net of tax.
39
(1) Operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted:
Management believes operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted, are effective indicators of BlackRock’s financial performance over time, and, therefore, provide useful disclosure to investors. Management believes that operating margin, as adjusted, reflects the Company’s long-term ability to manage ongoing costs in relation to its revenues. The Company uses operating margin, as adjusted, to assess the Company’s financial performance, to determine the long-term and annual compensation of the Company’s senior-level employees and to evaluate the Company’s relative performance against industry peers. Furthermore, this metric eliminates margin variability arising from the accounting of revenues and expenses related to distributing different product structures in multiple distribution channels utilized by asset managers.
•
Operating income, as adjusted, includes the following non-GAAP expense adjustments:
(a)
Compensation expense related to appreciation (depreciation) on deferred cash compensation plans.
The Company excludes compensation expense related to the market valuation changes on certain deferred cash compensation