resources, and is applicable to companies with a single reportable segment. The Company adopted disclosure requirements of ASU 2023-07 during the year ended December 31, 2024. See Note 27,
Segment Information,
for further detail.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
Income Tax Disclosure Requirements.
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09,
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
(“ASU 2023-09”), which enhances interim and annual income tax disclosures. The two primary enhancements disaggregate existing income tax disclosures related to the effective tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. The additional disclosure requirements under ASU 2023-09 are required to be applied prospectively and are effective for the Company on January 1, 2025. The Company does not expect the additional disclosure requirements under ASU 2023-09 to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03,
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
("ASU 2024-03"), which requires entities to disaggregate in a tabular presentation disclosures about specific types of expenses included in the expense captions presented on the face of the income statement, as well as disclosures about selling expenses. Specifically, ASU 2024-03 requires disaggregation of expense captions that include any of the following natural expenses: (1) purchases of inventory, (2) employee compensation, (3) depreciation, (4) intangible asset amortization, and (5) depreciation, depletion, and amortization recognized as part of oil- and gas-producing activities or other types of depletion expenses. The requirements are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027 and are required to be applied prospectively with the option for retrospective application. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the additional disclosure requirements under ASU 2024-03 to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
. Cash and cash equivalents primarily consists of cash, money market funds and short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Cash and cash equivalent balances that are legally restricted from use by the Company are recorded in other assets on the consolidated statements of financial condition. Cash balances maintained by consolidated VIEs and voting rights entities (“VREs”) are not considered legally restricted and are included in cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
F-
9
Investments
Investments in Debt Securities.
The Company classifies debt investments as held-to-maturity or trading based on the Company’s intent and ability to hold the debt security to maturity or its intent to sell the security.
Held-to-maturity securities are purchased with the