Sustainability Reporting Directive ("CSRD"), requiring enhanced sustainability reporting for EU-based and EU-listed companies, and from 2028, for a wider group of global companies; and (4) the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive ("CSDDD"), requiring in-scope EU companies and certain non-EU companies to manage actual or potential adverse impacts of their activities and their supply chains on human rights and environmental matters. The European Commission (“EC”) is reviewing and may amend aspects of the CSRD, CSDDD and EU Taxonomy Regulation. Meanwhile, the UK continues to work on implementation of its Sustainability Disclosure Requirements.
The EU and the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) have issued rules and guidelines on the use of ESG or sustainability related terms in fund names. In addition, the EU adopted regulations on ESG rating providers applicable in mid-2026 while the UK is expected to propose new legislation on ESG rating providers. Japan and Singapore have published codes of conduct for ESG data and rating providers, with Hong Kong considering a similar approach, while India introduced a regulatory framework for ESG rating providers in July 2023.
As jurisdictions continue to develop and implement sustainability regulations and litigation challenging such regulations increases, BlackRock faces greater fragmentation risk related to local application of regulations, resulting in complex and conflicting compliance obligations and legal and regulatory uncertainty.
Global regulatory reforms could require BlackRock to alter its future business or operating activities, which could be time-consuming and increase costs, including costs related to regulatory compliance, result in litigation, impede the Company’s growth and cause its AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. Regulatory reform may also impact BlackRock’s clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in manners that may be adverse to BlackRock.
Regulatory reforms in the US expose BlackRock to increasing regulatory scrutiny, as well as regulatory uncertainty.
In recent years, a number of regulatory reforms have been proposed or fully or partially implemented in the US, and the level of regulatory scrutiny to which BlackRock is subject has increased. BlackRock, as well as its clients, vendors and distributors, have expended resources and altered certain of their business or operating activities to prepare for, address and meet the requirements that such regulatory reforms impose. New or proposed changes to laws, regulations, policies, initiatives and other government actions may be difficult to anticipate, which provides additional uncertainty and may heighten the Company’s risks related to such actions. While BlackRock is, and may become, subject to numerous reform initiatives in the US, see Item 1,
Business – Regulation
, key regulatory reforms that may impact the Company include:
•
Antitrust Rules and Guidance:
In October 2024,