Fair Value Inputs.
The Company uses a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes inputs to valuation approaches used to measure fair value. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. Assets and liabilities measured and reported at fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following categories:
Level 1 Inputs:
Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the reporting date.
•
Level 1 assets may include listed mutual funds, ETFs, listed equities, commodities and certain exchange-traded derivatives.
Level 2 Inputs:
Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities that are not active; quotes from pricing services or brokers for which the Company can determine that orderly transactions took place at the quoted price or that the inputs used to arrive at the price are observable; and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, such as models or other valuation methodologies.
•
Level 2 assets may include debt securities, loans held within consolidated collateralized loan obligations (“CLOs”), short-term floating-rate notes, asset-backed securities, as well as over-the-counter derivatives, including interest rate swaps and foreign currency exchange contracts that have inputs to the valuations that generally can be corroborated by observable market data.
Level 3 Inputs:
Unobservable inputs for the valuation of the asset or liability, which may include nonbinding broker quotes. Level 3 assets include investments for which there is little, if any, market activity. These inputs require significant management judgment or estimation.
•
Level 3 assets may include direct private equity investments, including those held within CIPs, investments in CLOs, and loans held within consolidated CLOs and CIPs.
•
Level 3 liabilities may include borrowings of consolidated CLOs and contingent liabilities related to acquisitions valued using the income approach based on unobservable market data, or other valuation techniques.
Significance of Inputs.
The Company’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument.
Valuation Approaches.
The fair values of certain Level 3 assets and liabilities were determined using various valuation approaches as appropriate, including third-party pricing vendors, broker quotes and market and income approaches.
A significant number of inputs used to value equity, debt securities, and loans held within CLOs and CIPs are sourced from third-party pricing vendors. Generally, prices obtained from pricing vendors are categorized as Level 1 inputs for identical securities traded in active markets and as Level 2 for other similar securities if the vendor uses