investments held at amortized cost and cost, adjusted for observable price changes, and carried interest.
(3)
Level 1 amount includes a minority investment in a publicly traded company. Level 3 amount includes a corporate minority private debt investment with changes in fair value recorded in AOCI, net of tax.
(4)
Level 2 amount primarily includes fair value of derivatives (See Note 9,
Derivatives and Hedging
, for more information). Level 3 amount primarily includes borrowings of a consolidated CLO classified based on the significance of unobservable inputs used for calculating the fair value of consolidated CLO assets, and contingent liabilities related to certain acquisitions.
Level 3 Assets.
Level 3 assets predominantly include investments in nonconsolidated CLOs, loans of consolidated CIPs, and corporate minority private debt investments. Investments in CLOs and loans were valued based on single-broker nonbinding quotes or quotes from pricing services which use significant unobservable inputs. BlackRock's corporate minority private debt investments were primarily valued using the income approach by discounting the expected cash flows to a single present value. For investments utilizing a discounted cashflow valuation technique, an increase (decrease) in the discount rate or risk premium in isolation could have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Level 3 Liabilities
. Level 3 liabilities primarily include borrowings of a consolidated CLO, which were valued based on the fair value of the assets of the consolidated CLO less the fair value of the Company’s economic interest in the CLO, as well as contingent consideration liabilities related to certain acquisitions, which were valued based upon discounted cash flow analyses using unobservable market data inputs or other valuation techniques.
At December 31, 2024, the contingent consideration liability related to the GIP Transaction was estimated using the income approach, with certain significant inputs including a risk-free discount rate of approximately
4.3
% as well as current estimates of the timing and amounts of fundraising forecasts, stock and AUM volatility, and correlation between stock price and AUM (Level 3 inputs). Accordingly, changes in key inputs and assumptions described can materially impact the amount of contingent consideration expense recorded in a reporting period until the contingency is resolved. Changes in fair value are recorded within general and administration expense of the consolidated statements of income.
Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements.
The Company assessed its intangible assets for impairment during the annual impairment assessment as of July 31, 2024 and concluded that an impairment charge was required for indefinite-lived intangible assets related to certain open-end management contracts, which reduced the carrying value of these management contracts to $
87
million. See Note
12,
Intangible