management contracts and investor relationships was determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis (Level 3 inputs), have weighted-average estimated useful lives of approximately
8
years and
14
years, respectively, and are amortized based on their expected pattern of economic benefit.
(2)
The fair value was determined based upon a relief from royalty method (Level 3 inputs), has a weighted-average estimated useful life of approximately
10
years and is amortized based on its expected pattern of economic benefit.
(3)
Acquired operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities were determined based on current lease guidance. The acquired book values of the remaining assets and liabilities approximated their fair values.
At this time, the Company does not expect material changes to the value of the assets acquired or liabilities assumed in conjunction with the transaction.
The following unaudited pro forma information presents combined results of operations of the Company as if the GIP Transaction and related $
3.0
billion in aggregate notes issuance (see Note 3,
Acquisitions
, and Note 15,
Borrowings
, in the 2024 Form 10-K for more information regarding the Company’s pro forma adjustments and borrowings, respectively) had occurred on January 1, 2023 and are not indicative of the actual results of operations that would have been achieved nor are they indicative of future results of operations of the combined Company. The pro forma combined provision for income taxes may not represent the amount that would have resulted had BlackRock and GIP filed consolidated tax returns during the years presented.
For purposes of the pro forma financial information above, pro forma adjustments, including compensation expense for retention-related deferred compensation awards, amortization of finite-lived intangible assets, interest expense for the $
3.0
billion of notes, which were issued in March 2024 in connection with the GIP Transaction, acquisition-related transaction costs and related tax effects were reflected as if the GIP Transaction had occurred on January 1, 2023.
12
4
. Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash
The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents reported within the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition to the cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.
5
. Investments
A summary of the carrying value of total investments is as follows:
(1)
Amounts include investments held to economically hedge the impact of market valuation changes on certain deferred cash compensation plans. Amounts related to deferred cash compensation plans included within equity securities held at fair value recorded through net income ("FVTNI") comprised $
12
million at both
March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
(2)
Equity method investments include BlackRock’s direct investments in certain BlackRock sponsored investment funds.
(3)
Federal