distinct from services provided in other periods. Such fees are affected by changes in AUM, including market appreciation or depreciation, foreign exchange translation and net inflows or outflows. Net inflows or outflows represent the sum of new client assets, additional fundings from existing clients (including dividend reinvestment), withdrawals of assets from, and termination of, client accounts and distributions to investors representing return of capital and return on investments. Market appreciation or depreciation includes current income earned on, and changes in the fair value of, securities held in client accounts. Foreign exchange translation reflects the impact of translating non-US dollar denominated AUM into US dollars for reporting purposes.
The Company also earns revenue by lending securities on behalf of clients, primarily to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. The securities loaned are secured by collateral in the form of cash or securities, with minimum collateral generally ranging from approximately 102% to 112% of the value of the loaned securities. Generally, the revenue earned is shared between the Company and the funds or accounts managed by the Company from which the securities are borrowed.
Investment advisory agreements for certain separate accounts and investment funds provide for performance fees based upon relative and/or absolute investment performance, in addition to base fees based on AUM. Investment advisory performance fees generally are earned after a given period of time when investment performance exceeds a contractual threshold, and when it is determined that the fees are no longer probable of significant reversal. As such, the timing of recognition of performance fees may increase the volatility of the Company’s revenue and earnings. The magnitude of performance fees can fluctuate quarterly due to the timing of carried interest recognition on private market products and a greater number and size of liquid products with performance measurement periods that end in the third and fourth quarters.
The Company offers investment management technology systems, risk management services, wealth management and digital distribution tools, all on a fee basis. Clients include banks, insurance companies, official institutions, pension funds, asset managers, retail distributors and other investors. Fees earned for technology services are primarily recorded as services are performed over time and are generally determined using the value of positions on the Aladdin
platform, or on a fixed-rate basis. Revenue derived from the sale of software licenses is recognized upon the granting of access rights.
The Company earns distribution and service fees for distributing investment products and providing support services to investment portfolios. The fees are primarily based on AUM and are recognized when the amount of fees is known.
The Company advises global financial institutions, regulators, and government entities across a