processes, identifies and helps manage counterparty and enterprise risks, coordinates standards for firm wide investment performance measurement and determines risk management-related analytical and information requirements. Where appropriate, RQA will work with portfolio managers and developers to facilitate the development or improvement of risk models and analytics.
COMPETITION
BlackRock competes with investment management firms, mutual fund complexes, insurance companies, banks, brokerage firms, financial technology providers and other financial institutions that offer products that are similar to, or alternatives to, those offered by BlackRock. In order to grow its business, BlackRock must be able to compete effectively for AUM. Key competitive factors include investment performance track records, the efficient delivery of beta for index products, investment style and discipline, price, client service and brand name recognition. Historically, the Company has competed principally on the basis of its long-term investment performance track record, its investment process, its risk management and analytic capabilities and the quality of its client service.
HUMAN CAPITAL
With approximately 21,100 employees in more than 30 countries as of December 31, 2024, BlackRock provides a broad range of investment management and technology services to institutional and retail clients in more than 100 countries across the globe. As an asset manager, BlackRock’s long-term success depends on its people and how it manages its workforce.
Culture and Principles
BlackRock believes that maintaining a strong corporate culture is an important component of its human capital management practices and critical to the firm’s long-term success. BlackRock’s culture is underpinned by five core principles that unify its workforce and guide how it interacts with its employees, its clients, the communities in which it operates and its other stakeholders: (1) We are a fiduciary to our clients; (2) We are One BlackRock (1BLK); (3) We are passionate about performance; (4) We take emotional ownership; and (5) We are committed to a better future.
Connectivity and Inclusivity
BlackRock’s approach to building a connected and inclusive culture is aligned with the firm’s business priorities and long-term objectives. Delivering for the firm’s clients requires attracting the best people from across the world. BlackRock is committed to creating an environment that supports top talent and fosters diverse perspectives to avoid groupthink. Creating a connected and inclusive culture where people with new ideas and fresh perspectives can thrive is core to our 1BLK principle. These values have been fundamental to BlackRock since its founding 37 years ago.
In 2024, BlackRock continued to focus on (1) supporting its talent and culture across the globe, (2) expanding investment choices and business partnership opportunities for interested clients, and (3) helping more and more people experience