support to its products from time to time and any potential liabilities related to securities lending or other indemnification obligations; and (29) the impact of problems, instability or failure of other financial institutions or the failure or negative performance of products offered by other financial institutions.
35
OVERVIEW
BlackRock, Inc. (together, with its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise indicates, “BlackRock” or the “Company”) is a leading publicly traded investment management firm with $11.6 trillion of AUM at March 31, 2025. With approximately 22,600 employees in more than 30 countries, BlackRock provides a broad range of investment management and technology services to institutional and retail clients in more than 100 countries across the globe.
BlackRock’s diverse platform of alpha-seeking active, private markets, index and cash management investment strategies across asset classes enables the Company to offer choice and tailor investment and asset allocation solutions for clients. Product offerings include single- and multi-asset portfolios investing in equities, fixed income, private markets, liquid alternatives and money market instruments. Products are offered directly and through intermediaries in a variety of vehicles, including open-end and closed-end mutual funds,
iShares
®
ETFs, separate accounts, collective trust funds and other pooled investment vehicles. BlackRock also offers technology services, including the investment and risk management technology platform, Aladdin
®
, Aladdin Wealth
TM
, eFront
®
, and Cachematrix
®
, as well as advisory services and solutions to a broad base of institutional and wealth management clients. The Company is highly regulated and manages its clients’ assets as a fiduciary. The Company does not engage in proprietary trading activities that could conflict with the interests of its clients.
BlackRock serves a diverse mix of institutional and retail clients across the globe. Clients include tax-exempt institutions, such as defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans, charities, foundations and endowments; official institutions, such as central banks, sovereign wealth funds, supranationals and other government entities; taxable institutions, including insurance companies, financial institutions, corporations and third-party fund sponsors, and retail intermediaries.
BlackRock maintains a significant global sales and marketing presence that is focused on establishing and maintaining retail and institutional investment management and technology service relationships by marketing its services to investors directly and through third-party distribution relationships, including financial professionals and pension consultants.
Certain prior period presentations were reclassified to ensure comparability with current period classifications.
Acquisitions
On March 3, 2025, BlackRock completed the acquisition of 100% of the shares of Preqin, a leading provider of private markets