of EU-level legislation applicable to some (but not all) EU Member States. If enacted as proposed, FTTs could have an adverse effect on BlackRock’s financial results and clients’ performance results.
The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) has proposed certain international tax reforms, which, among other things, would (1) shift taxing rights to the jurisdiction of the consumer (“Pillar One”) and (2) establish a global minimum tax for multinational companies of 15% (“Pillar Two”). In response, EU member states and several other countries, including the UK, have since adopted laws implementing the OECD’s minimum tax rules under Pillar Two, effective starting in 2024. As a result of these developments, the tax laws of certain countries in which BlackRock does business have changed and may continue to change, and any such changes could increase its tax liabilities. The Company is continuing to monitor legislative developments and evaluate the potential impact of the Pillar Two Framework on future periods.
The application of tax regulations involves numerous uncertainties, and in the normal course of business US and non-US tax authorities may review and challenge tax positions adopted by BlackRock. These challenges may result in adjustments to, or impact the timing or amount of, taxable income, deductions or other tax allocations, which may adversely affect BlackRock’s effective tax rate and overall financial condition. Similarly, the Company manages assets in products and accounts that have investment objectives which may conform to tax positions adopted by BlackRock or to specific tax rules. To the extent there are changes in tax law or policy, or regulatory challenges to tax positions adopted by BlackRock, the value or attractiveness of such investments may be diminished and BlackRock may suffer financial or reputational harm.
32
Item 1B. Unres
olved Staff Comments
The Company has no unresolved comments from the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) staff relating to BlackRock’s periodic or current reports filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
BlackRock recognizes the importance of identifying, assessing, and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats. Cybersecurity represents an important component of the Company’s approach to enterprise risk management (“ERM”). The Company leverages a multi-lines-of-defense model with cybersecurity operational processes executed by global information security and other teams across the firm and dedicated internal audit technology and technology risk management (“TRM”) teams that independently review technology risks.
The Company’s cybersecurity program is fully
integrated
into its ERM framework and is aligned with recognized frameworks, such as NIST CSF, FFIEC CAT, FedRAMP, SOC 1/2, ISO 27001/2 and others. BlackRock aims to inform and continuously improve its cybersecurity program