positive intent and ability to be held to maturity and are recorded at amortized cost on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
Trading securities are those investments that are purchased principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. Trading securities are carried at fair value on the consolidated statements of financial condition with changes in the fair value recorded through net income (“FVTNI”) within nonoperating income (expense). Trading securities include certain investments in collateralized loan obligations (“CLOs”) for which the fair value option is elected in order to reduce operational complexity of bifurcating embedded derivatives.
Investments in Equity Securities.
Equity securities are generally carried at fair value on the consolidated statements of financial condition with changes in the FVTNI within nonoperating income (expense). For nonmarketable equity securities, the Company generally elects to apply the practicality exception to fair value measurement, under which such securities will be measured at cost, less impairment, plus or minus observable price changes for identical or similar securities of the same issuer with such changes recorded through net income within nonoperating income (expense). Dividends received are recorded as dividend income within nonoperating income (expense).
Equity Method.
The Company applies the equity method of accounting for equity investments where the Company does not consolidate the investee, but can exert significant influence over the financial and operating policies of the investee. The evaluation of whether the Company exerts control or significant influence over the financial and operational policies of its investees is based on the facts and circumstances surrounding each individual investment and is generally considered to exist when the Company's ownership interest in the investee is between
20
% and
50
%, or lower for co-investments in certain sponsored investment funds generally structured as partnerships or similar vehicles. Factors considered in these evaluations may include the type of investment, the legal structure of the investee, the terms of BlackRock's contractual agreements, including investor voting or other rights, any influence BlackRock may have on the governing board of the investee, the legal rights of other investors in the entity pursuant to the entity’s operating documents and the relationship between BlackRock and other investors in the entity. The Company’s share of the investee’s underlying net income or loss is recorded as net gain (loss) on investments within nonoperating income (expense) and as other revenue for certain strategic investments since such investees are considered to be an extension of the Company’s core business. The Company’s share of net income of the investee is recorded based upon the most current information available at the time, which may precede the date of the consolidated statement of financial condition.