alternatives, as well as $90 billion in liquid credit strategies, included within fixed income AUM. With the close of the GIP transaction, and the planned acquisition of HPS, BlackRock’s alternatives platform is expected to represent approximately $600 billion in client assets making it a top five alternatives provider.
The private markets – and clients’ allocations to them – are expected to continue to grow. Standardized, transparent private markets data and analytics will be increasingly important. As with Aladdin, BlackRock believes it can add even more value to Preqin as both a user and provider of private markets data and risk analytics. Aladdin expanded into new asset classes and markets as BlackRock and its clients evolved, and it expects the same for Preqin.
In addition to private markets, BlackRock is executing on a strong opportunity set across multiple growth channels. These include ETFs, whole portfolio solutions like outsourced mandates and models, and technology.
37
The ETF industry has been growing rapidly, driven by structural tailwinds including the use of ETFs as active tools, the migration from commission-based to fee-based wealth management, growth in model portfolios, expansion of digital wealth platforms, and the modernization of the bond market. BlackRock’s ETF growth strategy is centered on increasing scale and pursuing global growth themes in client and product segments, including Core, Strategic, which includes Fixed Income, Factors, Sustainable and Thematic ETFs, and Precision Exposures. BlackRock views ETFs as a technology that facilitates investing, and ETFs have become core to asset management. The Company believes that ETFs will continue to be a structural growth area as clients turn to ETFs as the preferred vehicle for investing strategies of all types. BlackRock has been a leader in expanding the market for ETFs by making them more accessible and by delivering new asset classes like bonds or cryptocurrency and investment strategies like active. Approximately a quarter of 2024 ETF net inflows of $390 billion were into products launched in the last five years. Active ETFs delivered $22 billion in net inflows in 2024, while BlackRock’s Bitcoin exchange-traded product (“ETP”) was the largest ETF launch in history, growing to over $50 billion of AUM in less than a year. BlackRock will continue to innovate at the product and portfolio level and accelerate distribution capabilities to deliver differentiated investment solutions.
As the asset management landscape shifts globally from individual product selection to a whole-portfolio approach, BlackRock’s strategy is focused on creating outcome-oriented client solutions for both retail investors and institutions. This includes having a diverse platform of alpha-seeking active, index and private markets products, as well as enhanced distribution and portfolio construction technology offerings. Digital wealth tools are an important component of BlackRock’s retail strategy,