certain required periodic reporting and disclosures and require certain BlackRock entities to carry bonds insuring against losses caused by fraud or dishonesty. ERISA and other applicable regulations also impose additional compliance, reporting and operational requirements on BlackRock that otherwise are not applicable to clients that are not subject to ERISA. Excise taxes and other potential penalties could apply as a result of violations of the above-described prohibitions and requirements.
BlackRock has eight subsidiaries that are registered as commodity pool operators and/or commodity trading advisors with the CFTC and are members of the NFA. The CFTC and NFA each administer a comparable regulatory system covering futures contracts and various other financial instruments, including swaps as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act, in which certain BlackRock clients may invest. In addition, two of BlackRock’s subsidiaries are registered with the SEC as broker-dealers and are member-firms of FINRA. Each broker-dealer has a membership agreement with FINRA that limits the scope of such broker-dealer’s permitted activities. The broker-dealers are also members of the MSRB and are subject to MSRB rules.
BlackRock’s business activity in California that involves the processing of personal information is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), which provide for enhanced consumer protections for California residents. The CCPA and CPRA impose obligations on BlackRock for the handling, disclosure and deletion of personal information for California residents. In addition, several other US states have proposed or adopted similar privacy laws. Any failure by BlackRock to comply with the CCPA, CPRA or similar state privacy laws may result in fines, heightened regulatory scrutiny, litigation and/or reputational harm.
US Banking Regulation
One of BlackRock’s subsidiaries, BTC, is organized as a nationally-chartered limited purpose trust company that does not accept deposits or make commercial loans. Accordingly, BTC is examined and supervised by the OCC and is subject to various banking laws and regulations enforced by the OCC, such as laws and regulations governing capital adequacy, fiduciary activities, conflicts of interest, self-dealing, and the prevention of financial crime, including money laundering. BTC is also a member of the Federal Reserve System and is subject to various Federal Reserve regulations applicable to member institutions, such as regulations restricting transactions with affiliates. Many of these laws and regulations are meant for the protection of BTC and/or BTC’s customers rather than BlackRock, its affiliates or stockholders.
16
EXISTING INTERNATIONAL REGULATION — OVERVIEW
BlackRock’s international operations are subject to the laws and regulations of a number of international jurisdictions, as well as oversight by numerous regulatory agencies and bodies in those jurisdictions. In