automatically and unconditionally released and discharged, and New BlackRock will be released from all obligations under the New BlackRock Guarantee.
The following presents unaudited summarized financial information of BlackRock and Old BlackRock (together with BlackRock, the "Obligor Group") on a combined basis as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 and for the three months ended March 31, 2025. Intercompany balances and transactions between BlackRock and Old BlackRock have been eliminated, and balances and transactions with subsidiaries, which are not part of the Obligor Group, have been separately presented, and investments in and equity in earnings related to subsidiaries of BlackRock and Old BlackRock, which are not members of the Obligor Group, have been excluded.
Summarized Balance Sheet (unaudited)
61
Summarized Income Statement (unaudited)
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, net loss of the Obligor Group was $235 million, primarily comprised of $70 million amortization expense, a loss of $88 million primarily related to a contingent consideration fair value adjustment, and $122 million of interest expense, partially offset by a tax benefit. Revenue during this period was not material.
Commitments and Contingencies
Contingent Consideration Liabilities.
In connection with certain acquisitions, BlackRock is required to make contingent payments, subject to the achievement of specified performance targets or satisfaction of certain post-closing events. The fair value of any contingent consideration is estimated at the time of acquisition closing and is included in contingent consideration liabilities on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. The fair value of the remaining aggregate contingent payments at March 31, 2025 totaled $4.4 billion, including $4.3 billion related to the GIP Transaction, which, if any, will be settled all in stock, for a number of shares ranging from 4.0 million to 5.2 million shares, subject to achieving certain performance targets. See Note 3,
Acquisitions
, in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for more information.
Investment Commitments.
At March 31, 2025, the Company had $1.2 billion of various capital commitments to fund sponsored investment products, including CIPs. These products include various private market products, including private equity funds, real assets funds and opportunistic funds. This amount excludes additional commitments made by consolidated funds of funds to underlying third-party funds as third-party noncontrolling interest holders have the legal obligation to fund the respective commitments of such funds of funds. Generally, the timing of the funding of these commitments is unknown and the commitments are callable on demand at any time prior to the expiration of the commitment. These unfunded commitments are not recorded on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. These commitments do not include potential