when significant inputs, including market inputs or performance attributes, used for the fair value measurement become observable/unobservable.
18
Disclosures of Fair Value for Financial Instruments Not Held at Fair Value
. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the fair value of the Company’s financial instruments not held at fair value are categorized in the table below:
(1)
See Note 5,
Investments
, for further information on investments not held at fair value.
(2)
Cash and cash equivalents, other than money market funds, are carried at either cost or amortized cost, which approximates fair value due to their short-term maturities.
(3)
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, approximately
$
2.4
billion
and $
6.2
billion, respectively, of money market funds were recorded within cash and cash equivalents on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. Money market funds are valued based on quoted market prices, or $
1.00
per share, which generally is the NAV of the fund.
(4)
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, other assets included cash collateral of approximately
$
91
million
and
$
69
million
, respectively. See Note 9,
Derivatives and Hedging
for further information on derivatives held by the Company. In addition, other assets included
$
17
million
of restricted cash at both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
(5)
Long-term borrowings are recorded at amortized cost, net of debt issuance costs. The fair value of the long-term borrowings, including the current portion of long-term borrowings, is determined using market prices and the EUR/USD foreign exchange rate at the end of March 2025 and December 2024, respectively. See Note 14,
Borrowings
, for the fair value of each of the Company’s long-term borrowings.
19
Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate NAV Per Share
As a practical expedient to value certain investments that do not have a readily determinable fair value and have attributes of an investment company, the Company uses NAV as the fair value.
The following tables list information regarding all investments that use a fair value measurement to account for both their financial assets and financial liabilities in their calculation of a NAV per share (or equivalent).
N/R – Not Redeemable
(1)
Comprised of equity method investments, which include investment companies that account for their financial assets and most financial liabilities under fair value measures; therefore, the Company’s investment in such equity method investees approximates fair value.
(a)
This category includes hedge funds, funds of hedge funds, and other funds that invest primarily in equities, fixed income securities, private credit, opportunistic and mortgage instruments and other third-party hedge funds. The fair values of the investments have been estimated using the NAV of the Company’s ownership interest in partners’ capital. The liquidation period for the investments in the funds that are not subject to redemption is unknown at