tax law changes, changes in the anticipated timing of recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in the structure or tax status of the Company.
The Company assesses whether a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred income tax assets based on consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more likely than not standard. The assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecast of future profitability, the duration of statutory carry back and carry forward periods, the Company’s experience with tax attributes expiring unused, and tax planning alternatives.
Accounting Developments
For accounting pronouncements that the Company adopted during 2024 and for accounting pronouncements not yet adopted by the Company, see Note 2,
Significant Accounting Policies
, in the consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8 of this filing.
63
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat
ive Disclosures About Market Risk
AUM Market Price Risk.
BlackRock’s investment advisory and administration fees are primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of AUM and, in some cases, performance fees expressed as a percentage of the returns realized on AUM. At December 31, 2024, the majority of the Company’s investment advisory and administration fees were based on average or period end AUM of the applicable investment funds or separate accounts. Movements in equity market prices, interest rates/credit spreads, foreign exchange rates or all three could cause the value of AUM to decline, which would result in lower investment advisory and administration fees.
Corporate Investments Portfolio Risks.
As a leading investment management firm, BlackRock devotes significant resources across all of its operations to identifying, measuring, monitoring, managing and analyzing market and operating risks, including the management and oversight of its own investment portfolio. The Board of Directors of the Company has adopted guidelines for the review of investments (or commitments to invest) to be made by the Company, requiring, among other things, that certain investments be referred to the Board of Directors, depending on the circumstances, for notification or approval.
In the normal course of its business, BlackRock is exposed to equity market price risk, interest rate/credit spread risk and foreign exchange rate risk associated with its corporate investments.
BlackRock has investments primarily in sponsored investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes, including real assets, private equity and hedge funds. Investments generally are made for co-investment purposes, to establish a performance track record, to hedge exposure to certain deferred cash compensation plans or for regulatory purposes. The Company has a seed capital hedging program in which it enters into futures to hedge market and interest rate exposure with respect