Act required by Item 10, if any, is set forth under the caption “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports” of the Proxy Statement and incorporated herein by reference.
The information regarding BlackRock’s Code of Ethics for Chief Executive and Senior Financial Officers under the caption “Corporate Governance – Our Corporate Governance Framework” of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.
The information regarding BlackRock’s Audit Committee under the caption “Corporate Governance – Board Committees” of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 11. Executi
ve Compensation
The information contained in the sections captioned “Management Development & Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” “Executive Compensation – Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and “Corporate Governance – 2024 Director Compensation” of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow
ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The information contained in the sections captioned “Ownership of BlackRock Common Stock” and “Executive Compensation – Compensation Discussion and Analysis – 6. Executive Compensation Tables – Equity Compensation Plan Information” of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence
The information contained in the sections captioned “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” and “Item 1: Election of Directors – Criteria for Board Membership – Director Independence” of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
The information regarding BlackRock’s independent auditor fees and services in the section captioned “Item 3: Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.
68
Part IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Fina
ncial Statement Schedules
1. Financial Statements
The Company’s consolidated financial statements are included beginning on page F-1.
2. Financial Statement Schedules
Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.
3. Exhibit Index
Please note that the agreements included as exhibits to this Form 10-K are included to provide information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about BlackRock or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement that have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.
69
(1)
Incorporated by reference to BlackRock,