BlackRock’s effective fee rates fluctuate due to changes in AUM mix. Approximately half of BlackRock’s equity AUM is tied to international market strategies, including emerging markets, which tend to have higher fee rates than US equity strategies. Accordingly, fluctuations in international equity markets, which may not consistently move in tandem with US markets, have a greater impact on BlackRock’s equity revenues and effective fee rate.
Equity represented 60% of long-term AUM and 54% of long-term base fees and securities lending revenue for 2024.
Fixed Income
Fixed income AUM ended 2024 at $2.9 trillion, reflecting net inflows of $164 billion. Net inflows included $112 billion, $42 billion and $9 billion into ETFs, non-ETF index and active, respectively. Fixed income ETF net inflows of $112 billion reflected the benefit of BlackRock's diverse product offering and included strong flows into treasury, core and corporate credit ETFs.
Fixed income represented 27% of long-term AUM and 25% of long-term base fees and securities lending revenue for 2024.
Multi-Asset
BlackRock manages a variety of multi-asset funds and bespoke mandates for a diversified client base that leverages the Company's broad investment expertise in global equities, bonds, and private markets, and the Company's extensive risk management capabilities. Investment solutions may include a combination of long-only portfolios and private markets investments as well as tactical asset allocation overlays.
Multi-asset represented 9% of long-term AUM and 8% of long-term base fees and securities lending revenue for 2024.
6
Component changes in multi-asset AUM for 2024 are presented below.
Multi-asset net inflows reflected ongoing institutional demand for BlackRock's solutions-based advice with $53 billion of net inflows coming from institutional clients, including the funding of several significant outsourcing mandates. Defined contribution plans remained a significant driver of flows and contributed $24 billion to institutional multi-asset net inflows in 2024, primarily into target date and target risk product offerings.
The Company’s multi-asset strategies include the following:
•
Target date and target risk strategies
generated net inflows of $30 billion. Institutional investors represented 90% of target date and target risk AUM, with defined contribution plans representing 81% of AUM. Flows were driven by defined contribution investments across BlackRock's
LifePath
franchise, including BlackRock's
LifePath Paycheck
offering launched in 2024.
LifePath
products utilize a proprietary active asset allocation model that seeks to balance risk and return over an investment horizon based on the investor’s expected retirement timing. Underlying investments are primarily index products.
•
Asset allocation and balanced strategies
generated $21 billion of net inflows. These strategies combine equity, fixed income and private markets components for investors seeking a tailored solution relative to