Assets
, for more information. The fair value of these contracts was determined using a discounted cash flow analysis. The most sensitive assumptions used to determine present value were growth expectations, revenue / operating margin forecast, and the discount rate applied to the cash flow forecast, which are considered Level 3 inputs in the valuation hierarchy.
F-
21
Changes in Level 3 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis for
2024
(1)
Issuances and other settlements amounts include contingent consideration liabilities related to the SpiderRock and GIP Transactions and repayments of borrowings of a consolidated CLO.
(2)
Earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains (losses) relating to assets and liabilities still held at the reporting date.
Changes in Level 3 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis for 2023
(1)
Issuances and other settlements amounts include a deconsolidation related to a previously consolidated VRE. In addition, issuances and other settlements include a contingent liability in connection with the Kreos Transaction, offset by repayments of borrowings of a consolidated CLO.
(2)
Earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains (losses) relating to assets and liabilities still held at the reporting date.
Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses) for Level 3 Assets and Liabilities.
Realized and unrealized gains (losses) recorded for Level 3 assets and liabilities are primarily reported in nonoperating income (expense) on the consolidated statements of income. A portion of net income (loss) related to securities held by CIPs is allocated to NCI to reflect net income (loss) not attributable to the Company.
Transfers in and/or out of Levels.
Transfers in and/or out of levels are reflected when significant inputs, including market inputs or performance attributes, used for the fair value measurement become observable/unobservable.
Disclosures of Fair Value for Financial Instruments Not Held at Fair Value
. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the fair value of the Company’s financial instruments not held at fair value are categorized in the table below.
(1)
See Note 5
, Investments
, for further information on investments not held at fair value.
(2)
Cash and cash equivalents, other than money market funds, are carried at either cost or amortized cost, which approximates fair value due to their short-term maturities.
(3)
At December 31, 2024 and 2023
, approximately $
6.2
billion and $
3.4
billion, respectively, of money market funds were recorded within cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated statements of financial condition. Money market funds are valued based on quoted market prices, or $
1.00
per share, which generally is the NAV of the fund.
(4)
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, other assets included cash collateral of approximately
$
69
million
and
$
63
million
, respectively. See Note 9,
Derivatives and Hedging
for further information on derivatives held by the