investments may be diminished and BlackRock may suffer financial or reputational harm.
13
US REGULATORY REFORM
Antitrust Rules and Guidance
In October 2024, the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), with concurrence from the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) approved amendments to rules enacted under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (“HSR”) that require parties in certain transactions to provide the FTC and DOJ prior notice and observe a waiting period before consummation of such transactions. The final amendments significantly expanded the information required to be reported and documents to be submitted in connection with an HSR filing, which will likely substantially increase any pre-merger notification expenses and may delay transactions. In December 2023, the FTC and DOJ also jointly issued new merger guidelines, which could impact (1) the ability of the Company to expand its services through strategic investments or acquisitions and (2) funds that engage in transactions reportable under HSR.
Designation as a Systemically Important Financial Institution (“SIFI”)
The FSOC has the authority to designate nonbank financial institutions as SIFIs in the US under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the “Dodd-Frank Act”). In November 2023, the FSOC finalized amendments to its existing interpretive guidance to remove the prioritization of an activities-based approach over an entity-specific approach to designation in connection with addressing potential risks to financial stability, although the amendment clarified that the FSOC retained the ability to use an activities-based approach when appropriate. If BlackRock is designated as a SIFI, it could become subject to enhanced regulatory and capital requirements and direct supervision by the Federal Reserve.
SEC Rules Governing Security-Based Swaps
In 2021, the SEC proposed rules in connection with security-based swaps (“SBS”) transactions to require public reporting of large SBS positions, which, if adopted as proposed, may affect the types of transactions BlackRock may choose to execute in SBS or other SBS-related assets, introduce or increase costs relating to such transactions, and impact the liquidity in the SBS markets in which BlackRock transacts.
SEC Rules on Form PF
In 2023 and 2024, the SEC adopted new rules and amendments to Form PF for registered investment advisers requiring new disclosures, filing obligations and enhanced reporting. Implementing these rules and amendments may significantly increase BlackRock’s reporting, disclosure and compliance obligations and create operational complexity for BlackRock’s alternatives products.
US DOL Fiduciary Rule
The US DOL adopted new regulation redefining the meaning of “investment advice fiduciary” under ERISA as well as amendments to several prohibited transaction exemptions applicable to investment advice fiduciaries, which would substantially expand when a person