approximately $197 million and $204 million, with expiration dates during the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, respectively.
64
Item 8. Financial Statemen
ts and Supplemental Data
The report of the independent registered public accounting firm and financial statements listed in the accompanying index are included in Item 15 of this report. See Index to the consolidated financial statements on page F-1 of this Form 10-K.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accou
ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
There have been no disagreements on accounting and financial disclosure matters. BlackRock has not changed accountants in the two most recent fiscal years.
Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
Under the direction of BlackRock’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, BlackRock evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, BlackRock’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that BlackRock’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.
65
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management of BlackRock, Inc. (the “Company”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the Company’s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that:
•
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
•
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with the authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and
•
provide reasonable