plans, which the Company hedges economically. For these deferred cash compensation plans, the final value of the deferred amount to be distributed to employees in cash upon vesting is determined based on the returns on specified investment funds. The Company recognizes compensation expense for the appreciation (depreciation) of the deferred cash compensation liability in proportion to the vested amount of the award during a respective period, while the net gain (loss) to economically hedge these plans is immediately recognized in nonoperating income (expense), which creates a timing difference impacting net income. This timing difference will reverse and offset to zero over the life of the award at the end of the multi-year vesting period. Management believes excluding market valuation changes related to the deferred cash compensation plans in the calculation of operating income, as adjusted, provides useful disclosure to both management and investors of the Company’s financial performance over time as these amounts are economically hedged, while also increasing comparability with other companies.
(b)
Acquisition-related costs.
Acquisition-related costs include adjustments related to amortization of intangible assets, contingent consideration fair value adjustments incurred in connection with certain acquisitions and other acquisition-related costs, including compensation costs for nonrecurring retention-related deferred compensation and general and administration expense primarily related to professional services expense. Management believes excluding the impact of these expenses when calculating operating income, as adjusted, provides a helpful indication of the Company’s financial performance over time, thereby providing helpful information for both management and investors while also increasing comparability with other companies.
•
Revenue used for calculating operating margin, as adjusted, is reduced to exclude all of the Company’s distribution fees, which are recorded as a separate line item on the condensed consolidated statements of income, as well as a portion of investment advisory fees received that is used to pay distribution and servicing costs. For certain products, based on distinct arrangements, distribution fees are collected by the Company and then passed-through to third-party client intermediaries. For other products, investment advisory fees are collected by the Company and a portion is passed-through to third-party client intermediaries. However, in both structures, the third-party client intermediary similarly owns the relationship with the retail client and is responsible for distributing the product and servicing the client. The amount of distribution and investment advisory fees fluctuates each period primarily based on a predetermined percentage of the value of AUM during the period. These fees also vary based on the type of investment product sold and the geographic location where it is sold. In addition, the Company