supports nonprofit organizations nominated by employees in the communities where it operates. In addition, the Company has a matching gifts program that matches an employee’s donations to IRS qualified charitable organizations for up to $10,000 a year. BlackRock also matches volunteer time with eligible charities and full-time employees may take up to two paid volunteer days.
11
Compensation, Wellness and Benefits
BlackRock is committed to responsible business practices and believes that investing in the physical, emotional, mental and financial well-being of its employees is a critical component of the firm’s human capital management strategy. To that end, the Company designs its compensation and benefits practices to: (1) attract, motivate and retain talented employees; (2) align employee incentives and risk-taking with that of the firm and the interests of its clients; and (3) support employees and their families across many aspects of their lives. The Company has a strong pay-for-performance culture and an annual compensation process that takes into consideration firmwide results, individual business results and employee performance, as well as market benchmarks. BlackRock also offers a wide range of benefits that it regularly reviews in accordance with market practices and the local requirements of its offices, including, where applicable, retirement savings plans, a Flexible Time Off (“FTO”) policy and flexible working arrangements, parental leave and family forming benefits, such as fertility benefits, adoption and surrogacy assistance, and backup elder and childcare benefits. The Company provides comprehensive healthcare and mental-health benefits to eligible employees, including medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings and spending accounts, counseling services, an employee assistance program and access to telemedicine services, where available. The Company also offers a Mental Health Ambassador program that is comprised of global volunteers across office locations who are trained in empathetic listening skills and direct interested colleagues to benefits, tools and resources to support mental health.
BlackRock prioritizes protecting the rights of its workforce. The Company has implemented policies related to harassment prevention and compliance with applicable equal employment opportunity and overtime regulations. BlackRock is also committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment for its workforce. To do this, it designs global programs, including environmental and occupational health and safety programs, to meet or exceed local requirements. Moreover, BlackRock encourages all of its employees to raise issues of concern and assures employees that they may do so without fear of retaliation.
Recruiting, Training and Development
BlackRock recognizes that, like all companies, it is operating in an increasingly competitive environment. As such, the Company engages in efforts to reach top talent. In the spirit of