with certain products or asset classes, such as digital assets. Moreover, if market events lead to incidents where ETFs trade at prices that deviate meaningfully from an ETF’s NAV, or trading halts are invoked by the relevant stock exchange or market, investors may lose confidence in ETF products and redeem their holdings, which may cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
LEGAL, REGULATORY AND REPUTATIONAL RISKS
BlackRock is subject to extensive regulation around the world, which increases its cost of doing business.
BlackRock’s business is subject to extensive regulation around the world. These regulations subject BlackRock’s business activities to an array of increasingly detailed operational requirements, compliance with which is costly and complex.
In addition, many of BlackRock’s legal entities are subject to laws and regulations aimed at preventing corruption, money laundering, inappropriate employment practices, illegal payments and engaging in business activities with certain individuals, countries or groups, including but not limited to the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, the EU Anti-Money Laundering Directives, the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds Regulations 2017, the UK Bribery Act, sanctions imposed by the US Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations and the EU and its member states, as well as those imposed by other countries in which BlackRock operates, such as His Majesty’s Treasury’s (“HMT”) Office of Financial Sanctions Implementation.
BlackRock is also subject to certain risk retention rules and regulation, as well as regulatory capital requirements, which require the Company to maintain capital to support certain of its businesses. Furthermore, many jurisdictions in which BlackRock operates have laws and regulations relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and protection of personal information, including the GDPR and UK GDPR, which impose stringent data protection rules for individuals within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and UK, respectively, and for personal data exported outside the EEA and UK.
BlackRock is additionally subject to scrutiny from various government agencies that focus on antitrust and competition laws and regulations within the US and internationally, including in connection with merger control proceedings and proposed investments. Any determination of a failure to comply with any such laws or regulations could result in fines and/or sanctions against the Company, as well as reputational harm. Moreover, to the extent that these laws and regulations become more stringent, or if BlackRock is required to hold increased levels of capital to support its businesses, the Company’s financial performance or plans for growth may be adversely impacted.
BlackRock may also be adversely affected by a failure to comply with existing laws and regulations or by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of such