money laundering requirements beginning in 2026. Under the rule, registered investment advisers will be required to establish written risk-based anti-money laundering programs and report suspicious activity to FinCEN under the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 (the “Bank Secrecy Act”), as well as comply with Bank Secrecy Act reporting and recordkeeping requirements, which may increase BlackRock’s compliance burdens and costs.
14
SEC Rulemakings for US Registered Funds and Investment Advisers
The SEC has engaged in various initiatives and reviews impacting regulatory structure governing the asset management industry and registered investment companies. For example, the SEC adopted rules requiring certain funds to provide tailored fund shareholder reports, adopted final amendments to the rule governing fund names, expanding the scope of the rule to fund names including growth, value, ESG or similar terms, and proposed rules governing outsourcing of certain functions by investment advisers to service providers.
INTERNATIONAL REGULATORY REFORM
Enhanced Regulatory Scrutiny of Technology Service Providers to Financial Services Firms
The EU’s Digital Operational Resilience Act (“DORA”), which focuses on direct regulation of providers and users of technology and data services, became applicable beginning in January 2025. DORA, among other things: (1) introduces additional governance, risk management, incident reporting, resilience testing and information sharing requirements to several of BlackRock’s European entities and certain Aladdin clients; and (2) may potentially subject Aladdin to additional oversight. The European Supervisory Authorities will use data collected under DORA to assess which third party suppliers should be designated as critical to the EU financial system and become subject to further regulatory oversight. In 2024, the UK issued final policies regulating services provided by certain third parties designated by HMT as “critical” to the financial sector, which became effective in January 2025. Entities designated as “critical” will be required to provide additional information to financial regulators, engage in resilience testing and report major incidents like cyber-attacks, natural disasters and power outages.
Retail Investment Strategy
The EU continues to consider a proposed Retail Investment Strategy package of amendments intended to enhance protections for retail investors. When enacted, these changes could impact clients’ product preferences and may increase costs for BlackRock in European markets due to additional requirements on distributors and product providers.
EMIR 3.0
The EU legislative package known as “EMIR 3.0” introduces key changes to clearing, margining and reporting requirements in the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR), including: (1) a requirement to hold an “active account” with an EU central counterparty for clearing certain euro-denominated instruments; (2) new reporting requirements for cleared trades;