BlackRock's footprints in the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific regions reflect strong relationships with intermediaries and an established ability to deliver the Company's global investment expertise in funds and other products tailored to local regulations and requirements.
AUM by product type and client region at December 31, 2024 is presented below.
Component changes in AUM by client region for 2024 are presented below.
(1)
Amounts include AUM attributable to the GIP Transaction and the SpiderRock Transaction.
Americas
Americas net inflows of $406 billion were driven by net inflows into equity, fixed income, cash, multi-asset, and cryptocurrency products of $139 billion, $108 billion, $90 billion, $23 billion, and $41 billion, respectively. During the year, BlackRock served clients through offices across the US as well as in Mexico, Canada, Brazil, Colombia, Chile, the Dominican Republic, and Peru.
The Americas represented 68% of total AUM and 65% of total base fees and securities lending revenue for 2024.
EMEA
EMEA net inflows of $207 billion were driven by equity, cash, fixed income, and multi-asset net inflows of $102 billion, $59 billion, $37 billion, and $9 billion, respectively, while alternatives added modest inflows. Offerings include fund families in the United Kingdom ("UK"), the Netherlands, Luxembourg and Dublin and ETFs listed on stock exchanges throughout Europe, as well as separate accounts and pooled investment products.
EMEA represented 24% of total AUM and 29% of total base fees and securities lending revenue for 2024.
Asia-Pacific
Asia-Pacific net inflows of $28 billion were driven by fixed income and multi-asset net inflows of $20 billion and $19 billion, respectively. These were partially offset by equity net outflows of $16 billion. Clients in the Asia-Pacific region are served through offices in India, Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan, Australia, China, Taiwan, Korea and New Zealand.
Asia-Pacific represented 8% of total AUM and 6% of total base fees and securities lending revenue for 2024.
Investment Performance
Investment performance across active and index products as of December 31, 2024 was as follows:
Performance Notes
Past performance is not indicative of future results. Except as specified, the performance information shown is as of December 31, 2024 and is based on preliminary data available at that time. The performance data shown reflects information for all actively and passively managed equity and fixed income accounts, including US registered investment companies, European-domiciled retail funds and separate accounts for which performance data is available, including performance data for high net worth accounts available as of November 30, 2024. The performance data does not include accounts terminated prior to December 31, 2024 and accounts for which data has not yet been verified. If such accounts had been included, the performance data provided may have substantially differed from that shown.
Performance