impact of certain hedges.
(5)
The amount for the three months ended March 31, 2025, includes nonoperating noncash pre-tax gains in connection with the Company's minority investment in iCapital Network, Inc. of approximately $36 million. Additional amounts include earnings (losses) from certain equity method minority investments and noncash pre-tax gains (losses) related to the revaluation of other minority investments.
52
Income Tax Expense
(1)
As adjusted items are described in more detail in
Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
(2)
Net of net income (loss) attributable to NCI.
2025.
Income tax expense for the three months ended March 31, 2025 included a $149 million discrete tax benefit related to the realization of capital losses from changes in the Company's organizational structure and a $46 million discrete tax benefit related to stock-based compensation awards that vested in the first quarter.
2024.
Income tax expense for the three months ended March 31, 2024 included a discrete tax benefit of $137 million recognized in connection with the reorganization and establishment of a more efficient global intellectual property and technology platform and corporate structure. This discrete tax benefit has been excluded from as adjusted results due to the nonrecurring nature of the reorganization. In addition, for the three months ended March 31, 2024 income tax expense included $28 million of discrete tax benefits, including a benefit related to stock-based compensation awards that vested in the first quarter.
53
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL CONDITION OVERVIEW
As Adjusted Statement of Financial Condition
The following table presents a reconciliation of the condensed consolidated statement of financial condition presented on a GAAP basis to the condensed consolidated statement of financial condition, excluding the impact of separate account assets and separate account collateral held under securities lending agreements (directly related to lending separate account securities) and separate account liabilities and separate account collateral liabilities under securities lending agreements and consolidated sponsored investment products ("CIPs").
The Company presents the as adjusted statement of financial condition as additional information to enable investors to exclude certain assets that have equal and offsetting liabilities or NCI that ultimately do not have an impact on stockholders’ equity or cash flows. Management views the as adjusted statement of financial condition, which contains non-GAAP financial measures, as an economic presentation of the Company’s total assets and liabilities; however, it does not advocate that investors consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Separate Account Assets and Liabilities and Separate Account Collateral Held under Securities Lending Agreements
Separate account assets are maintained by BlackRock Life Limited, a wholly owned