may waive fees on certain products that could result in the reduction of payments to the third-party intermediaries.
40
(2) Nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to NCI, as adjusted:
Management believes nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to NCI, as adjusted, is an effective measure for reviewing BlackRock’s nonoperating contribution to its results and provides comparability of this information among reporting periods. Nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to NCI, as adjusted, excludes the gain (loss) on the economic hedge of certain deferred cash compensation plans. As the gain (loss) on investments and derivatives used to hedge these compensation plans over time substantially offsets the compensation expense related to the market valuation changes on these deferred cash compensation plans, which is included in operating income, GAAP basis, management believes excluding the gain (loss) on the economic hedge of the deferred cash compensation plans when calculating nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to NCI, as adjusted, provides a useful measure for both management and investors of BlackRock’s nonoperating results that impact book value.
(3) Net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted:
Management believes net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted, and diluted earnings per common share, as adjusted, are useful measures of BlackRock’s profitability and financial performance. Net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted, equals net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., GAAP basis, adjusted for certain items management deems nonrecurring or that occur infrequently, transactions that ultimately will not impact BlackRock’s book value or certain tax items that do not impact cash flow.
For each period presented, the non-GAAP adjustments were tax effected at the respective blended rates applicable to the adjustments. The amount for income tax matters in the first quarter of 2024 included a discrete tax benefit of $137 million recognized in connection with the reorganization and establishment of a more efficient global intellectual property and technology platform and corporate structure. This discrete tax benefit has been excluded from as adjusted results due to the nonrecurring nature of the intellectual property reorganization.
Per share amounts reflect net income attributable to BlackRock, Inc., as adjusted, divided by diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding.
41
ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT
AUM for reporting purposes generally is based upon how investment advisory and administration fees are calculated for each portfolio. Net asset values, total assets, committed assets or other measures may be used to determine portfolio AUM.
(1)
Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, BlackRock updated the presentation of the Company's AUM line items. Such line items have been reclassified for 2024 to