future commitments approved by the Company that are not yet legally binding. The Company intends to make additional capital commitments from time to time to fund additional investment products for, and with, its clients.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. These estimates, judgments and assumptions are affected by the Company’s application of accounting policies. Management considers the following accounting policies and estimates critical to understanding the condensed consolidated financial statements. These policies and estimates are considered critical because they had a material impact, or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the Company’s condensed consolidated financial statements and because they require management to make significant judgments, assumptions or estimates. For a summary of these and additional accounting policies as well as recent accounting developments, see Note 2,
Significant Accounting Policies
, in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. In addition, see
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
in
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
and Note 2,
Significant Accounting Policies
, in the 2024 Form 10-K for further information.
Consolidation.
The Company consolidates entities in which the Company has a controlling financial interest. The Company has a controlling financial interest when it owns a majority of the VRE or is a primary beneficiary (“PB”) of a VIE. Assessing whether an entity is a VIE or a VRE involves judgment and analysis on a structure-by-structure basis. Factors considered in this assessment include the entity’s legal organization, the entity’s capital structure, the rights of equity investment holders, the Company’s contractual involvement with and economic interest in the entity and any related party or de facto agent implications of the Company’s involvement with the entity. Entities that are determined to be VREs are consolidated if the Company can exert absolute control over the financial and operating policies of the investee, which generally exists if there is greater than 50% voting interest. Entities that are determined to be VIEs are consolidated if the Company is the PB of the entity. BlackRock is deemed to be the PB of a VIE if it (1) has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entities’ economic performance and (2) has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that potentially could be significant to