and external sources. Unanticipated events may affect the validity of these assumptions.
During 2024, BlackRock recorded approximately $2.7 billion of finite-lived management contracts and investor relationships in connection with the GIP Transaction. The acquisition date fair values were determined using an income approach, which applied certain significant assumptions, which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. These assumptions primarily included discounts rates ranging from 7%-11%, as well as estimated revenue projections based on AUM, AUM growth rates, revenue basis points, operating margins, and tax rates. While the Company believes these assumptions to be reasonable and appropriate, changes in these estimates could produce different fair value amounts.
Goodwill.
The Company assesses its goodwill for impairment at least annually, considering qualitative factors such as entity-specific and macroeconomic factors as potential impairment indicators as well as quantitative factors such as the book value and the market capitalization of the Company. The impairment assessment performed as of July 31, 2024 indicated no impairment charge was required. The Company continues to monitor various impairment indicators as well as its book value per share compared with closing prices of its common stock for potential indicators of impairment. At December 31, 2024, the Company had $25.9 billion of goodwill, including $10.3 billion in connection with the GIP Transaction and the Company’s common stock closed at $1,025, which exceeded its book value of $307 per share.
Indefinite-lived and finite-lived intangibles.
Indefinite-lived intangible assets represent the value of advisory contracts acquired in business acquisitions to manage AUM in proprietary open-end investment funds, collective trust funds and certain other commingled products without a specified termination date. The assignment of indefinite lives to such contracts primarily is based upon the following: (1) the assumption that there is no foreseeable limit on the contract period to manage these products; (2) the Company expects to, and has the ability to, continue to operate these products indefinitely; (3) the products have multiple investors and are not reliant on a single investor or small group of investors for their continued operation; (4) current competitive factors and economic conditions do not indicate a finite life; and (5) there is a high likelihood of continued renewal based on historical experience. In addition, trade names/trademarks are considered indefinite-lived intangibles if they are expected to generate cash flows indefinitely. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized.
Finite-lived intangible assets represent finite-lived investor/customer relationships, technology related assets, and management contracts, which relate to acquired separate accounts and funds, that are expected to contribute to the future cash flows of the Company for a specified period of