institutional AUM managed for defined benefit, defined contribution and other pension plans for corporations, governments and unions at December 31, 2024. The market landscape continues to shift from defined benefit to defined contribution, and BlackRock's defined contribution channel represented $1.7 trillion of total pension AUM. BlackRock remains well positioned for the ongoing evolution of the defined contribution market and demand for outcome-oriented investments. An additional $90 billion, or 2%, of long-term institutional AUM was managed for other tax-exempt investors, including charities, foundations and endowments.
•
Official Institutions
BlackRock managed $294 billion, or 5%, of long-term institutional AUM for official institutions, including central banks, sovereign wealth funds, supranationals, multilateral entities and government ministries and agencies at year-end 2024.
•
Financial and Other Institutions
BlackRock is a top independent manager of assets for insurance companies, which accounted for $695 billion, or 13%, of long-term institutional AUM at year-end 2024. Assets managed for other taxable institutions, including corporations, banks and third-party fund sponsors for which the Company provides sub-advisory services, totaled $890 billion, or 17%, of long-term institutional AUM at year-end.
5
Client Type and Product Type
Component changes in AUM by client type and product type for 2024 are presented below.
(1)
Amounts include AUM attributable to the GIP Transaction and the SpiderRock Transaction.
Long-term product offerings include active and index strategies. BlackRock's active strategies seek to earn attractive returns in excess of a market benchmark or performance hurdle while maintaining an appropriate risk profile and leverage fundamental research and quantitative models to drive portfolio construction. In contrast, index strategies seek to closely track the returns of a corresponding index, generally by investing in substantially the same underlying securities within the index or in a subset of those securities selected to approximate a similar risk and return profile of the index. Index products include both BlackRock's non-ETF index products and iShares ETFs.
Although many clients use both active and index strategies, the application of these strategies may differ. For example, clients may use index products to gain exposure to a market or asset class or may use a combination of index strategies to target active returns. In addition, institutional non-ETF index assignments tend to be very large (multi-billion dollars) and typically reflect low fee rates. Net flows in institutional index products generally have a small impact on BlackRock’s revenues and earnings.
Equity
Year-end 2024 equity AUM totaled $6.3 trillion, reflecting net inflows of $226 billion. Net inflows included ETF net inflows of $236 billion, partially offset by net outflows of $6 billion and $4 billion from active and non-ETF index, respectively.