increasingly stringent regulatory reporting requirements that necessitate the monitoring and reporting of issuer exposure levels (thresholds) across the holdings of managed funds and accounts and those of the Company. The specific triggers and the reporting methods that these threshold filings entail vary significantly by regulator and across jurisdictions. BlackRock continues to invest in technology, training and its employees to further enhance its monitoring and reporting functions. Despite these investments, the complexity of the various threshold reporting requirements combined with the breadth of the assets managed by the Company and high volume of securities trading have caused errors and omissions to occur in the past and pose a risk that errors or omissions may occur in the future. Any such errors may expose BlackRock to monetary penalties or other sanctions, which could have an adverse effect on BlackRock’s reputation and may cause its AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
31
Moreover, as BlackRock’s business grows it is becoming subject to a greater number of regulatory, industry-level or issuer-specific threshold limits and scrutiny that may prevent BlackRock from holding positions in certain equity securities, securities convertible into equity securities or futures contracts in excess of certain thresholds. In addition, regulators are reviewing and considering changes to their regulatory frameworks on threshold limits and ownership reporting requirements. These changes may result in significant operational impacts and costs to BlackRock and its products depending on their scope. Although BlackRock is actively engaged in regulatory, issuer-specific and structural initiatives to create additional investment capacity, threshold limits may nonetheless prevent the purchase of certain securities which may, in turn, impact the performance of certain BlackRock index funds by increasing tracking error relative to the funds’ benchmarks, impact the performance of certain BlackRock actively managed funds by preventing them from taking advantage of alpha generating opportunities, and impede the Company's growth.
BlackRock has been the subject of commentary citing concerns about the scale of its index investing business, as well as purported competition issues relating to the common ownership theory.
As a leader in the index investing and asset management industry, BlackRock has been the subject of commentary citing concerns about the growth of index investing and concentrated proxy voting power. Some commentators have argued that continued growth of index funds has the potential to impact stock market competitiveness by exacerbating stock price moves and market volatility. Some commentators, regulators and lawmakers have also argued that index managers have accumulated outsized influence through the proxy voting power their clients have assigned them. Some have proposed limitations on the ability of index fund managers to vote or engage on