recognition criteria in the current period. At each reporting date, the Company considers various factors in estimating performance fees to be recognized, including carried interest. These factors include but are not limited to whether: (1) the amounts are dependent on the financial markets and, thus, are highly susceptible to factors outside the Company’s influence; (2) the ultimate payments have a large number and a broad range of possible amounts; and (3) the funds or SMAs have the ability to (a) invest or reinvest their sales proceeds or (b) distribute their sales proceeds and determine the timing of such distributions.
The Company is allocated/distributed carried interest from certain alternative investment products upon exceeding performance thresholds. The Company may be required to reverse/return all, or part, of such carried interest allocations/distributions depending upon future performance of these products. Carried interest subject to such clawback provisions is recorded in investments or cash and cash equivalents to the extent that it is distributed, on its condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. The Company records a liability for deferred carried interest to the extent it receives cash or capital allocations related to carried interest prior to meeting the revenue recognition criteria. At both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company had $1.9 billion of deferred carried interest recorded in other liabilities
on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. A portion of the deferred carried interest may also be paid to certain employees and other third parties. The ultimate timing of the recognition of performance fee revenue and related compensation expense, if any, is unknown. See
Note 16
, Revenue,
in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for detailed changes in the deferred carried interest liability balance for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
64
Ite
m 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
AUM Market Price Risk.
BlackRock’s investment advisory and administration fees are primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of AUM and, in some cases, performance fees expressed as a percentage of the returns realized on AUM. At March 31, 2025, the majority of the Company’s investment advisory and administration fees were based on average or period end AUM of the applicable investment funds or separate accounts. Movements in equity market prices, interest rates/credit spreads, foreign exchange rates or all three could cause the value of AUM to decline, which would result in lower investment advisory and administration fees.
Corporate Investments Portfolio Risks.
As a leading investment management firm, BlackRock devotes significant resources across all of its operations to identifying, measuring, monitoring, managing and analyzing market and operating risks, including the management and oversight of its own