money laundering programs and report suspicious activity to FinCEN under the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 (the “Bank Secrecy Act”), as well as comply with Bank Secrecy Act reporting and recordkeeping requirements, which may increase BlackRock’s compliance burdens and costs.
•
SEC Rulemakings for US Registered Funds and Investment Advisers:
The SEC has engaged in various initiatives and reviews impacting regulatory structure governing the asset management industry and registered investment companies. For example, the SEC adopted rules requiring certain funds to provide tailored fund shareholder reports, adopted final amendments to the rule governing fund names, expanding the scope of the rule to fund names including growth, value, ESG or similar terms, and proposed rules governing outsourcing of certain functions by investment advisers to service providers.
Regulatory reforms in the US could require BlackRock to alter its future business or operating activities, which could be time-consuming and costly, increase regulatory compliance costs, result in litigation, impede the Company’s growth and cause its AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. Regulatory reform may also impact BlackRock’s clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in manners that may be adverse to BlackRock.
International regulatory reforms expose BlackRock to increasing regulatory scrutiny, as well as regulatory uncertainty.
BlackRock’s business and operating activities are subject to increasing regulatory oversight outside of the US and the Company may be affected by several proposed or implemented reform initiatives in the EMEA and the Asia-Pacific regions, as well as volatility associated with international regulatory uncertainty. While BlackRock is, and may become, subject to numerous reform initiatives internationally, see Item 1,
Business – Regulation
, key reforms in these regions include:
European Union
•
Enhanced Regulatory Scrutiny of Technology Service Providers to Financial Services Firms:
The EU’s Digital Operational Resilience Act (“DORA”), which focuses on direct regulation of providers and users of technology and data services, became applicable beginning in January 2025. DORA, among other things: (1) introduces additional governance, risk management, incident reporting, resilience testing and information sharing requirements to several of BlackRock’s European entities and certain Aladdin clients; and (2) may potentially subject Aladdin to additional oversight. The European Supervisory Authorities will use data collected under DORA to assess which third party suppliers should be designated as critical to the EU financial system and become subject to further regulatory oversight. In 2024, the UK issued final policies regulating services provided by certain third parties designated by HMT as “critical” to the financial sector, which became effective in January 2025. Entities designated as “critical” will be required to provide