Fees and Securities Lending Revenue.
Investment advisory and administration fees are recognized as the services are performed over time because the customer is receiving and consuming the benefits as they are provided by the Company. Fees are primarily based on agreed-upon percentages of AUM and recognized for services provided during the period, which are distinct from services provided in other periods. Such fees are affected by changes in AUM, including market appreciation or depreciation, foreign exchange translation and net inflows or outflows. Investment advisory and administration fees for investment funds are shown net of fee waivers. In addition, the Company may contract with third parties to provide sub-advisory services on its behalf. The Company presents the investment advisory fees and associated costs to such third-party advisors on a gross basis where it is deemed to be the principal and on a net basis where it is deemed to be the agent. Management judgment involved in making these assessments is focused on ascertaining whether the Company is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promised service.
The Company also earns revenue by lending securities on behalf of clients, primarily to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. The securities loaned are collateralized by either cash or securities, generally ranging from
102
% to
112
% of the value of the loaned securities. Securities lending fees are based on (1) a percentage of the notional value of the loaned securities and (2) a spread between the interest earned on the reinvested cash collateral and the amount rebated to the borrower. Revenue is recognized over time as services are performed. Generally, the securities lending fees are shared between the Company and the funds or other third-party accounts managed by the Company from which the securities are borrowed. For
2024, 2023 and 2022
, securities lending revenue earned by the Company totaled $
615
million, $
675
million and $
599
million, respectively, and is recorded in investment advisory, administration and securities lending revenue on the consolidated statements of income. Investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue are reported together as the fees for these services often are agreed upon with clients as a bundled fee.
Money Market Fee Waivers.
The Company may voluntarily waive a portion of its management fees on certain money market funds to ensure that they maintain a targeted level of daily net investment income (the “Yield Support Waivers”). There were
no
Yield Support Waivers during
2024 and 2023. During 2022
, these waivers resulted in a reduction of management fees of approximately $
72
million, which was partially offset by a reduction of BlackRock’s distribution and servicing costs paid to financial intermediaries. The Company may increase or decrease the level of Yield Support Waivers in future periods.
Investment Advisory Performance Fees / Carried Interest.
The Company receives