and shareholder support services for investment portfolios. Distribution fees are passed-through to third-party distributors, which perform various fund distribution services and shareholder servicing of certain funds on the Company’s behalf, and are recognized as distribution and servicing costs. The Company presents distribution fees and related distribution and servicing costs incurred on a gross basis.
Distribution fees primarily consist of ongoing distribution fees, shareholder servicing fees and upfront sales commissions for serving as the principal underwriter and/or distributor for certain managed mutual funds. The service of distribution is satisfied at the point in time when an investor makes an investment in a share class of the managed mutual funds. Fees are generally considered variable consideration because they are based on the value of AUM and are uncertain on trade date. Accordingly, the Company recognizes distribution fees when the amounts become known and the portion recognized in the current period may relate to distribution services performed in prior periods. Upfront sales commissions are recognized on a trade date basis. Shareholder servicing fees are based on AUM and recognized in revenue as the services are performed.
Advisory and other revenue.
Advisory and other revenue primarily includes fees earned for advisory services, fees earned for transition management services primarily comprised of commissions recognized in connection with buying and selling securities on behalf of customers, and equity method investment earnings related to certain strategic investments.
Advisory services fees are determined using fixed-rate fees and are recognized over time as the related services are completed.
Commissions related to transition management services are recorded on a trade-date basis as transactions occur.
Stock-based Compensation
. The Company recognizes compensation cost for equity classified awards based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The compensation cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service (usually the vesting period) in exchange for the stock-based award.
The Company generally measures the grant-date fair value of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) using the Company’s stock price on the date of grant. The grant-date fair value related to the October 2024 incentive retention RSUs granted in connection with the GIP Transaction, are reduced by the present value of the dividends expected to be paid on the shares during the vesting period discounted at the appropriate risk-free interest rate, given that they are not entitled to participate in dividends until they vest (See Note 3,
Acquisitions
and Note 18,
Stock-Based Compensation
for further information on the GIP Transaction). Stock-based awards may have performance, market and/or service conditions. For employee stock options and awards with market conditions, the Company uses pricing models. Compensation cost for