fees and securities lending revenue for 2024.
Component changes in ETFs AUM for 2024 are presented below.
(1)
Amounts include cryptocurrency and commodity
ETFs and ETPs.
BlackRock’s ETF product range offers investors a precise, transparent and efficient way to gain exposure to a full range of asset classes and global markets that have been difficult for many investors to access, as well as the liquidity required to make adjustments to their exposures quickly and cost-efficiently.
•
US ETF
*
AUM ended 2024 at $3.1 trillion with $280 billion of net inflows, led by net inflows into core equity, fixed income, cryptocurrency and other precision exposure ETFs.
•
International ETF
*
AUM ended 2024 at $1.1 trillion with $110 billion of net inflows, diversified across product categories, and led by net inflows into core equity, fixed income and precision exposure ETFs.
* Regional ETF amounts based on jurisdiction of product, not underlying client.
Institutional
BlackRock serves institutional investors on six continents in sub-categories including: pensions, endowments and foundations, official institutions, and financial institutions; institutional AUM is diversified across product and region.
Component changes in institutional long-term AUM for 2024 are presented below.
(1)
Amounts include AUM attributable to the GIP Transaction.
4
Institutional active
AUM ended 2024 at $2.1 trillion, reflecting $64 billion of net inflows, driven by the funding of several significant outsourcing mandates and continued growth in BlackRock's
LifePath
®
target-date and private markets platforms.
Multi-asset net inflows of $55 billion reflected continued growth from significant pension outsourcing mandates and
LifePath
target-date offerings. Fixed income net outflows of $3 billion were impacted by an approximately $20 billion active fixed income redemption in the second quarter from a large insurance client linked to M&A activity. Equity net inflows of $5 billion were primarily into quantitative equity strategies.
Alternatives net inflows of $7 billion were led by infrastructure, private credit and private equity. Excluding return of capital and investment of $13 billion, alternatives net inflows were $20 billion. At year-end, BlackRock had approximately $45 billion of non-fee paying, unfunded, uninvested commitments to deploy for institutional clients, which is not included in AUM.
Institutional active represented 20% of long-term AUM and 21% of long-term base fees and securities lending revenue for 2024.
Institutional index
AUM totaled $3.2 trillion at December 31, 2024, reflecting $9 billion of net inflows, driven by fixed income.
Institutional index represented 30% of long-term AUM and 6% of long-term base fees and securities lending revenue for 2024.
The Company’s institutional clients consist of the following:
•
Pensions, Foundations and Endowments
BlackRock is among the world’s largest managers of pension plan assets with $3.4 trillion, or 63%, of long-term