collateral provided by the defaulting borrower to repurchase securities out on loan to such borrower in order to replace them in a client’s account. Borrower default indemnification is limited to the shortfall that occurs in the event the collateral available at the time of the borrower’s default is insufficient to repurchase those securities out on loan. BlackRock requires all borrowers to mark to market their posted collateral daily to levels in excess of the value of the securities out on loan which mitigates the likelihood of the indemnity being triggered. Where the collateral is in the form of cash, the borrower default indemnification BlackRock provides does not guarantee, assume or otherwise insure the investment performance or return of any cash collateral vehicle into which that cash collateral is invested. The amount of securities on loan as of December 31, 2024 and subject to this type of indemnification was approximately $305 billion. In the Company’s capacity as lending agent, cash and securities totaling approximately $324 billion was held as collateral for indemnified securities on loan at December 31, 2024. Significant borrower defaults occurring simultaneously with rapid declines in the value of collateral and/or increases in the value of the securities loaned may create collateral shortfalls, which could result in material liabilities under these indemnities and may cause the Company’s revenue and earnings to decline.
BlackRock’s decision on whether to provide support to particular investment products from time to time, or the inability to provide support, may cause AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
While not legally mandated, BlackRock, at its option and from time to time, has and may in the future choose to seed, warehouse or otherwise support investment products through capital or credit support for commercial or other reasons. Any decision by BlackRock on whether to support products may utilize capital and liquidity that would otherwise be available for other corporate purposes. BlackRock’s ability to seed, warehouse or otherwise support certain products may be restricted by regulation or by the Company’s failure to have or make available sufficient capital or liquidity. Moreover, inherent constraints arising from the business models of certain asset managers, including BlackRock, may during periods of market volatility result in BlackRock having fewer options for accessing liquidity than asset managers with alternate business models, which may adversely impact its ability to support certain products. Any decision by BlackRock to support particular investment products, or its inability or unwillingness to provide such support, may result in losses or affect BlackRock's capital or liquidity, which may cause AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
20
Geopolitical unrest and other events outside of BlackRock’s control could adversely affect the global economy or specific international, regional and domestic markets, which may