Company's growth, which may cause the Company’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
RISKS RELATED TO HUMAN CAPITAL
The potential for human error in connection with BlackRock’s operational systems could disrupt operations, cause losses, lead to regulatory fines or damage the Company’s reputation and may cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
Many of BlackRock’s operations are highly complex and are dependent on the Company’s ability to process and monitor a large number of transactions, many of which occur across numerous markets and currencies at high volumes and frequencies. Although BlackRock expends considerable resources on systemic controls, supervision, technology and training in an effort to ensure that such transactions do not violate client guidelines, applicable rules and regulations or information barriers, or adversely affect clients, counterparties or the Company, BlackRock’s operations are dependent on its employees. From time-to-time, employees make mistakes that are not always immediately detected by systems, controls, policies and procedures intended to prevent and detect such errors. These can include calculation errors, errors in software implementation or development, failure to ensure data security, follow processes, patch systems or timely report issues, or errors in judgment. Such risks may be exacerbated in times of increased market volatility, high trading volumes, significant changes in operation or business offerings, and workforce turnover (including turnover related to acquisitions). Human errors, even if promptly discovered and remediated, may disrupt operations or result in regulatory fines and/or sanctions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, may cause BlackRock’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
Fraud, the circumvention of controls or the violation of risk management and workplace policies could have an adverse effect on BlackRock’s reputation, which may cause the Company’s AUM, revenue and earnings to decline.
BlackRock seeks to foster a positive workplace culture, has adopted a comprehensive risk management framework and continues to enhance various controls, procedures, policies and systems to monitor and manage risks. Notwithstanding these measures, BlackRock cannot ensure that its workplace culture or such controls, procedures, policies and systems will successfully identify and manage internal and external risks, and BlackRock employees have in the past engaged in improper conduct. In addition, BlackRock is subject to the risk that its employees, contractors or other third parties may in the future deliberately or recklessly seek to circumvent established controls to commit fraud, pay or solicit bribes or otherwise act in ways that are inconsistent with the Company’s controls, policies, procedures, workplace culture or principles. This risk may be heightened as BlackRock expands into new markets, increases the breadth of its business