term AUM and 13% of long-term base fees and securities lending revenue for 2024.
7
Component changes in alternatives AUM for 2024 are presented in the table below.
(1)
Amounts include AUM attributable to the GIP Transaction.
(2)
Return of capital/investment is included in outflows.
(3)
Amount represents client assets that are uninvested commitments, which are currently non-fee paying and are not included in AUM. These commitments are expected to generate fees and will be counted in AUM and flows as the capital is deployed over time.
(4)
Amounts include cryptocurrency and commodity ETFs and ETPs.
Private Markets
The Company’s private markets strategies include the following:
•
Infrastructure
includes offerings across equity, debt and solutions, which totaled $110 billion in AUM. Net inflows were $6 billion, or $9 billion excluding return of capital / return on investment. In 2024, the GIP transaction added $70 billion to AUM.
•
Private Equity
AUM of $36 billion included AUM of $28 billion in private equity solutions, and $8 billion in a direct private equity strategy. Private equity net inflows were $1 billion, or $6 billion excluding return of capital / return on investment.
•
Private Credit
primarily represents direct lending, opportunistic and venture debt strategies, with AUM of $32 billion at December 31, 2024. Net inflows were $3 billion, or $6 billion excluding return of capital / return on investment. Private credit does not include private credit assets included in infrastructure and real estate debt, as well as assets in private placements and multi-strategy credit funds, which are reported within fixed income and multi-asset.
•
Real Estate
had $26 billion in AUM at December 31, 2024.
•
Multi-Alternatives
represents highly customized portfolios of alternative investments, with $7 billion in AUM at December 31, 2024.
Liquid Alternatives
The Company’s liquid alternatives products’ net outflows of $3 billion reflected redemptions from hedge fund solutions. Direct hedge fund strategies includes a variety of single- and multi-strategy offerings.
In addition, the Company manages $90 billion in liquid credit strategies which is included in active fixed income.
Currency and Commodities
The Company’s currency and commodities products include a range of active and index products, including cryptocurrency ETPs.
Currency and commodities products had $41 billion of net inflows, primarily from ETPs. Cryptocurrency and commodities ETPs represented $55 billion and $73 billion of AUM, respectively, and are not eligible for performance fees.
Cash Management
Cash management AUM totaled a record $921 billion at December 31, 2024, reflecting $153 billion of net inflows. Cash management products include taxable and tax-exempt money market funds, short-term investment funds and customized separate accounts. Portfolios are denominated in US dollars, Canadian dollars, Australian dollars, euros, Swiss francs, New Zealand dollars or British pounds.
8
Client Region