alpha-seeking active, private markets, index and cash management investment strategies across asset classes enables the Company to offer choice and tailor investment and asset allocation solutions for clients. Product offerings include single- and multi-asset portfolios investing in equities, fixed income, private markets, liquid alternatives and money market instruments. Products are offered directly and through intermediaries in a variety of vehicles, including open-end and closed-end mutual funds, iShares
®
exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”), separate accounts, collective trust funds and other pooled investment vehicles. BlackRock also offers technology services, including the investment and risk management technology platform, Aladdin
®
, Aladdin Wealth
TM
, eFront
®
, and Cachematrix
®
, as well as advisory services and solutions to a broad base of institutional and wealth management clients.
2. Significant Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”) and include the accounts of the Company and its controlled subsidiaries. Noncontrolling interests (“NCI”) on the consolidated statements of financial condition represent the portion of consolidated sponsored investment products (“CIPs”) and a consolidated affiliate in which the Company does not have direct equity ownership. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Certain prior period presentations were reclassified to ensure comparability with current period classifications.
Accounting Pronouncements Adopted in 2024
Segment Reporting.
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2023-07,
Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
(“ASU 2023-07”), which requires incremental disclosures about reportable segments but does not change the definition of a segment or the guidance for determining reportable segments. The new guidance requires disclosure of significant segment expenses that are (1) regularly provided to (or easily computed from information regularly provided to) the chief operating decision maker ("CODM") and (2) included in the reported measure of segment profit or loss. The new standard also requires companies to disclose the title and position of the individual (or the name of the committee) identified as the CODM, allows companies to disclose multiple measures of segment profit or loss if those measures are used to assess performance and allocate