provides for the licensing of intermediaries. The SFO is administered by the Securities & Futures Commission (“SFC”). The SFC is also empowered to establish standards for compliance as well as codes and guidelines. The relevant BlackRock subsidiaries and the employees conducting any of the regulated activities specified in the SFO are required to be licensed with the SFC, and are subject to the rules, codes and guidelines issued by the SFC.
BlackRock’s operations in Taiwan are subject to the Securities Investment Trust and Consulting Act and other regulations, rules or guidelines thereunder (collectively, “SITE and SICE Requirements”). BlackRock’s subsidiary in Taiwan is governed and regulated by the Securities & Futures Bureau (“SFB”) under the Taiwan Financial Supervisory Commission, which is responsible for regulating securities markets (including the Taiwan Stock Exchange, the Taipei Exchange and the Taiwan Futures Exchange), the asset management industry, the broker and futures commission merchant sector, the banking industry and the insurance sector. The relevant BlackRock subsidiary and employees conducting regulated activities are required to be licensed with the SFB and subject to the SITE and SICE Requirements.
BlackRock’s Fund Management Company in China (“BlackRock FMC”) is regulated by the China Securities Regulatory Commission and is subject to the Securities Investment Fund Law and Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Mutual Fund Managers for the overall oversight from incorporation to the corporate governance and operations of fund managers and funds. BlackRock FMC is also subject to the China Securities Law and various other financial laws and regulations. BlackRock CCB Wealth Management Limited, which is BlackRock’s wealth management joint venture company with CCB Wealth Management Co., Ltd. and Fullerton Management Pte Ltd. in China, is regulated by the National Financial Regulatory Administration (“NFRA”, formerly known as the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission). They have enacted Bank Wealth Management Supervision and Management Measures and Management Measures of Bank Wealth Management Subsidiaries and other relevant rules to regulate the setup, conduct of business and risk management of bank wealth management companies.
In Singapore, a BlackRock subsidiary is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and its business activities are subject to the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (“SFA”). The SFA governs the regulation of activities and institutions in the securities and derivatives industry, including fund management, dealing in capital markets products and leveraged foreign exchange trading. The MAS is Singapore’s central bank and integrated financial regulator, which regulates the financial services sector in Singapore and conducts integrated supervision of financial services and financial stability surveillance. This BlackRock subsidiary and the employees conducting any of the