the VIE. There is judgment involved in assessing whether the Company is the PB of a VIE. In addition, the Company’s ownership interest in VIEs is subject to variability and is impacted by actions of other investors such as ongoing redemptions and contributions. The Company generally consolidates VIEs in which it holds an economic interest of 10% or greater and deconsolidates such VIEs once its economic interest falls below 10%. As of March 31, 2025, the Company was deemed to be the PB of approximately 115 VIEs, which are BlackRock sponsored investment products. See Note 6,
Consolidated Sponsored Investment Products
, in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for more information.
62
Fair Value Measurements.
The Company’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement according to the fair value hierarchy (i.e., Level 1, 2 and 3 inputs, as defined) in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. See Note 2,
Significant Accounting Policies
, and Note 8,
Fair Value Disclosures
, in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for more information on fair value measurements.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, where the purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the date of the transaction. Any excess purchase consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.
The Company determines fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, using the best available information which incorporates various estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to, future expected cash flows, fundraising assumptions, useful lives, and discount rates. These estimates are based on historical data, internal estimates, or external sources. Unanticipated events may affect these assumptions. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, BlackRock recorded finite-lived customer relationships and technology-related intangible assets in connection with the Preqin Transaction of approximately $1.1 billion and $125 million, respectively. The acquisition date fair value of customer relationships and technology-related intangible assets were determined using an income approach and a replacement cost approach, respectively, all of which applied certain significant assumptions, which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. The assumptions used in the income approach primarily included discount rates ranging from 11.0%-11.5%, as well as estimated revenue projections, operating profits and tax rates. The assumptions used in the replacement cost approach primarily included a discount rate of 10.5% as well as estimated reproduction costs and third-party developer's profit and opportunity cost of capital invested. While the Company believes