shares still authorized to be repurchased under the program. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal limitations, price and market conditions.
Net Capital Requirements.
The Company is required to maintain net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries within a number of jurisdictions, which is partially maintained by retaining cash and cash equivalent investments in those subsidiaries or jurisdictions. As a result, such subsidiaries of the Company may be restricted in their ability to transfer cash between different jurisdictions and to their parents. Additionally, transfers of cash between international jurisdictions may have adverse tax consequences that could discourage such transfers.
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A. (“BTC”) is chartered as a national bank that does not accept deposits or make commercial loans and whose powers are limited to trust and other fiduciary activities. BTC provides investment management and other fiduciary services, including investment advisory and securities lending agency services, to institutional clients. BTC is subject to regulatory capital and liquid asset requirements administered by the US Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company was required to maintain approximately $1.9 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively, in net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries, including BTC, entities regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority in the UK, and the Company’s broker-dealers. The Company was in compliance with all applicable regulatory net capital requirements.
59
Short-Term Borrowings
2025 Revolving Credit Facility.
The Company maintains an unsecured revolving credit facility (the “2025 Credit Facility”) of $5.4 billion as of March 31, 2025, with a maturity date of March 2029 for lenders other than one non-extending lender and the commitment of the non-extending lender maturing in March 2028. The 2025 Credit Facility is available for working capital and general corporate purposes. The 2025 Credit Facility permits the Company to request up to an additional $1.0 billion of borrowing capacity, subject to lender credit approval, which could increase the overall size of the 2025 Credit Facility to an aggregate principal amount of up to $6.4 billion. Interest on outstanding borrowings accrues at an applicable benchmark rate for the denominated currency of the loan, plus a spread. The 2025 Credit Facility requires the Company not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio (ratio of net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, where net debt equals total debt less unrestricted cash) of 3 to 1, which was satisfied with a ratio of less than 1 to 1 at March 31, 2025. At March 31, 2025, the Company had no amount outstanding under the 2025 Credit Facility.
In April 2025, the 2025 Credit Facility was amended to, among other things, (1)