as BlackRock scales and customizes model portfolios, extends Aladdin Wealth and digital wealth partnerships globally, and helps advisors build better portfolios through portfolio construction and risk management, powered by Aladdin
.
BlackRock has also seen strong momentum in outsourcing solutions among institutional clients, including the funding of several significant mandates in 2024, and anticipates continued outsourcing opportunities in the future.
BlackRock continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients and operate efficiently. Market volatility, growing cost pressures, and complexity in optimizing whole portfolios underscore the need for enterprise operating and risk management technology, and should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock continues to evolve and enable clients to further simplify their operating infrastructure with Aladdin. Clients increasingly want to tailor how they use Aladdin to meet their specific needs, and BlackRock is providing them with choice and flexibility. Through the integration of Aladdin and eFront, clients are able to better manage and analyze risk across their whole portfolio spanning public and private markets. BlackRock is empowering clients with data and opening Aladdin by creating connectivity with ecosystem providers and third-party technology solutions, which include asset servicers, cloud providers, digital asset platforms, trading systems and others. This connectivity helps clients work in their Aladdin environments with a more customized and seamless end-to-end experience. Investments in Aladdin AI copilots, enhancements in openness supporting ecosystem partnerships, and advancing whole portfolio solutions including private markets and digital assets are expected to further augment the value of using Aladdin. BlackRock’s planned acquisition of Preqin is expected to expand capabilities beyond private markets investment management and technology to data.
Across BlackRock, many clients are focusing on the impact of sustainability factors on their portfolios. This shift has been driven by an increased understanding of how sustainability-related factors can affect economic growth, asset values, and financial markets as a whole. As a fiduciary, BlackRock is committed to providing clients with choice and then executing in accordance with their chosen objectives – for some clients, this includes investing in sustainable strategies. The Company aims to deliver the best risk-adjusted returns within the mandates clients choose, underpinned by research, data, and analytics.
BlackRock’s investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees earned as a percentage of AUM and, in some cases, performance fees, which are normally expressed as a percentage of fund returns to the client. Numerous factors, including price movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in