to alter its business or operating activities and expose BlackRock to additional costs (including compliance and legal costs) as well as reputational harm. BlackRock’s profitability also could be materially and adversely affected by modification of the rules and regulations that impact the business and financial communities in general, including changes to the laws governing banking, securities, taxation, antitrust regulation and electronic commerce.
GLOBAL REGULATORY REFORM
Policymaking workstreams focused on the financial services sector led by global standard setters, such as the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) and International Organization of Securities Commissions (“IOSCO”), may lead to or inform new regulations in multiple jurisdictions in which BlackRock operates. Such workstreams have focused on areas such as money market funds (“MMFs”), open-ended funds (“OEFs”) and sustainability regulations.
12
Macroprudential Policies for Asset Managers
Concerns about liquidity and leverage risks in the asset management industry and wider market-based finance sector have prompted a broad review of existing regulations globally, including an assessment of the adequacy of certain structural market components in mitigating risks, by the FSB, IOSCO, the US Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and the Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”). In November 2022, the SEC proposed amendments to rules governing OEF liquidity risk management. The EU launched a consultation on macroprudential policies in 2024, including enhanced requirements for liquidity management tools, which may lead to new restrictions on management of OEFs. The UK proposed introducing liquidity facilities to certain asset owners, which could result in regulatory burdens on asset managers. If any of these regulatory or policy actions result in broad application of macroprudential tools to OEFs or require changes to structural features of certain OEFs, it could limit BlackRock’s ability to offer products to certain clients and/or result in clients altering their investment strategies or allocations in a manner that is adverse to BlackRock.
Global MMF Reforms
Following the market events of March 2020, US, UK and EU authorities initiated a review of existing regulatory frameworks with the aim of improving the resilience of MMFs in market downturns. In the US, the SEC adopted changes to Rule 2a-7, the primary rule under the Investment Company Act of 1940 governing MMFs, including changes to required liquidity levels and requiring mandatory liquidity fees under certain circumstances. The UK released a consultation in December 2023 indicating their intent to change regulatory requirements for MMFs domiciled in the UK, including material increases in required liquidity levels. The EU consultation on macroprudential policies mentioned above may also result in changes to the regulations of EU-domiciled MMFs. Depending on the terms of the final UK and EU reforms, certain of