that expire on varying dates through 2043. At December 31, 2024, the Company had operating lease payment obligations of approximately $2.3 billion, of which $198 million is payable within 12 months. See Note 13,
Leases
, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8 of this filing.
Investment Commitments.
At December 31, 2024, the Company had $1.2 billion of various capital commitments to fund sponsored investment products, including CIPs. These products include various private market products, including private equity funds, real assets funds, and opportunistic funds. This amount excludes additional commitments made by consolidated funds of funds to underlying third-party funds as third-party noncontrolling interest holders have the legal obligation to fund the respective commitments of such funds of funds. Generally, the timing of the funding of these commitments is unknown and the commitments are callable on demand at any time prior to the expiration of the commitment. These unfunded commitments are not recorded on the consolidated statements of financial condition. These commitments do not include potential future commitments approved by the Company that are not yet legally binding. The Company intends to make additional capital commitments from time to time to fund additional investment products for, and with, its clients.
Compensation and Benefit Obligations.
The Company has various compensation and benefit obligations, including bonuses, commissions and incentive payments payable, defined contribution plan matching contribution obligations, and deferred compensation arrangements. Accrued compensation and benefits at December 31, 2024 totaled $3.0 billion and included annual incentive compensation of $2.0 billion, deferred compensation of $0.4 billion and other compensation and benefits related obligations of $0.5 billion. Substantially all of the incentive compensation liability was paid in the first quarter of 2025, while the deferred compensation obligations are payable over various periods, with the majority payable over periods of up to three years.
59
Purchase Obligations.
In the ordinary course of business, BlackRock enters into contracts or purchase obligations with third parties whereby the third parties provide services to or on behalf of BlackRock. Purchase obligations represent executory contracts, which are either noncancelable or cancelable with a penalty. At December 31, 2024, the Company’s obligations primarily reflected standard service contracts for market data, technology, office-related services, marketing and promotional services, and obligations for equipment. Purchase obligations are recorded on the consolidated financial statements when services are provided and, as such, obligations for services and equipment not received are not included in the consolidated statement of financial condition at December 31, 2024. At December 31, 2024, the Company had purchase obligations of