accrues directly to the contract owner and is not reported on the condensed consolidated statements of income. While BlackRock has no economic interest in these separate account assets and liabilities, BlackRock earns policy administration and management fees associated with these products, which are included in investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue on the condensed consolidated statements of income.
Separate Account Collateral Assets Held and Liabilities Under Securities Lending Agreements.
The Company facilitates securities lending arrangements whereby securities held by separate accounts maintained by BlackRock Life Limited are lent to third parties under global master securities lending agreements. In exchange, the Company obtains either (1) the legal title, or (2) a first ranking priority security interest, in the collateral. The minimum collateral values generally range from approximately
102
% to
112
% of the value of the securities in order to reduce counterparty risk. The required collateral value is calculated on a daily basis. The global master securities lending agreements provide the Company the right to request additional collateral or, in the event of borrower default, the right to liquidate collateral. The securities lending transactions entered into by the Company are accompanied by an agreement that entitles the Company to request the borrower to return the securities at any time; therefore, these transactions are not reported as sales.
In situations where the Company obtains the legal title to collateral under these securities lending arrangements, the Company records an asset on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition in addition to an equal collateral liability for the obligation to return the collateral. Additionally, in situations where the Company obtains a first ranking priority security interest in the collateral, the Company does not have the ability to pledge or resell the collateral and therefore does not record the collateral on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024
, the fair value of loaned securities held by separate accounts was approximately $
10.1
billion and $
9.9
billion, respectively, and the fair value of the collateral under these securities lending agreements was approximately $
11.0
billion and $
10.6
billion, respectively, of which approximately $
5.8
billion as of
March 31, 2025
and $
6.1
billion as of
December 31, 2024 was recognized on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024
, the Company had
no
t resold or repledged any of the collateral obtained under these arrangements. The securities lending revenue earned from lending securities held by the separate accounts is included in investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue on the condensed consolidated statements of income
.
Goodwill