use in its operating activities.
(3)
The percentage of cash and cash equivalents held by the Company’s US subsidiaries was approximately 65% and 50% at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. See
Net Capital Requirements
herein for more information on net capital requirements in certain regulated subsidiaries.
Total liquidity resources increased $4.5 billion during 2024, primarily reflecting $4.5 billion of net proceeds from long-term borrowings, a $400 million increase in the aggregate commitment amount under the credit facility, and positive cash flows from operating activities, partially offset by cash dividend payments of $3.1 billion, $2.9 billion related to the GIP Transaction, share repurchases of $1.9 billion and $74 million related to the SpiderRock Transaction.
A significant portion of the Company’s $7.9 billion of investments, as adjusted, is illiquid in nature and, as such, cannot be readily convertible to cash.
56
Share Repurchases.
During 2024, the Company repurchased 1.9 million common shares under the Company’s existing share repurchase program for approximately $1.6 billion. At December 31, 2024, there were approximately 3.8 million shares still authorized to be repurchased under the program. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal limitations, price and market conditions.
Net Capital Requirements.
The Company is required to maintain net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries within a number of jurisdictions, which is partially maintained by retaining cash and cash equivalent investments in those subsidiaries or jurisdictions. As a result, such subsidiaries of the Company may be restricted in their ability to transfer cash between different jurisdictions and to their parents. Additionally, transfers of cash between international jurisdictions may have adverse tax consequences that could discourage such transfers.
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A. (“BTC”) is chartered as a national bank that does not accept deposits or make commercial loans and whose powers are limited to trust and other fiduciary activities. BTC provides investment management and other fiduciary services, including investment advisory and securities lending agency services, to institutional clients. BTC is subject to regulatory capital and liquid asset requirements administered by the US Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.
At both December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company was required to maintain approximately $1.8 billion in net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries, including BTC, entities regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority in the UK, and the Company’s broker-dealers. The Company was in compliance with all applicable regulatory net capital requirements.
Undistributed Earnings of Foreign Subsidiaries.
As a result of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on untaxed accumulated foreign