2023
included $
1.3
billion and $
1.1
billion, respectively, related to receivables from BlackRock mutual funds and ETFs, for investment advisory and administration services.
Due to related parties, which is included within other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition, was $
11
million and $
21
million at December 31,
2024 and 2023
, respectively, and primarily represented payables to certain investment products managed by BlackRock.
21
. Net Capital Requirements
The Company is required to maintain net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries within a number of jurisdictions, which is partially maintained by retaining cash and cash equivalent investments in those subsidiaries or jurisdictions. As a result, such subsidiaries of the Company may be restricted in their ability to transfer cash between different jurisdictions and to their parents. Additionally, transfers of cash between international jurisdictions may have adverse tax consequences that could discourage such transfers.
Banking Regulatory Requirements.
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A. ("BTC"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, which is chartered as a national bank whose powers are limited to trust and other fiduciary activities and which is subject to regulatory capital requirements administered by the US Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. Federal banking regulators would be required to take certain actions and permitted to take other actions in the event of BTC’s failure to meet minimum capital requirements that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
Quantitative measures established by regulators to ensure capital adequacy require BTC to maintain a minimum Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Tier 1 leverage ratio, as well as Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios. Based on BTC’s calculations as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, it exceeded the applicable capital adequacy requirements.
Broker-dealers.
BlackRock Investments, LLC and BlackRock Execution Services are registered broker-dealers and wholly owned subsidiaries of BlackRock that are subject to the Uniform Net Capital requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which requires maintenance of certain minimum net capital levels.
Capital Requirements.
At both December 31, 2024 and 2023
, the Company was required to maintain approximately $
1.8
billion in net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries, including BTC, entities regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority in the UK, and the Company’s broker-dealers. The Company was in compliance with all applicable regulatory net capital requirements.
22
. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
The following table presents changes in AOCI for
2024, 2023 and 2022:
(1)
Amount for
2024 includes a gain from a net investment hedge of
$
37
million
(net of tax
expense of $
12
million
). Amount for 2023
includes a loss from