(3) revised clearing thresholds for financial and non-financial counterparties; and (4) amendments related to clearing to the UCITS directive. EMIR 3.0 is expected to impact EU counterparties as well as UK and non-EU entities trading with EU firms, and the collective impact of the package may increase operational complexity, necessitate a reassessment of clearing and trading strategies, and lead to higher transaction costs for BlackRock and its clients.
FSMA 2023
The Financial Services and Markets Act 2023 (“FSMA”) reflects significant changes to the UK framework for financial services regulation, including changes that: (1) revoke, amend or retain EU law on financial services regulation, (2) amend the UK Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation frameworks, (3) establish a new designated activities regime and (4) reform the financial promotion regime for unauthorized firms. Other reforms building upon the FSMA and potentially impacting the asset management sector include: (1) replacement of the packaged retail and insurance based investment products ("PRIIPs") Regulation; (2) review of the UK’s green finance strategy, including regulation of ESG data providers, UK taxonomy and disclosure requirements; (3) review of governance through the Senior Managers and Certification Regime; (4) repeal of EU legislation on the European Long-Term Investment Fund; (5) market infrastructure reforms, including transition to T+1 settlement; (6) reassessment of the boundary between investment advice and financial guidance; (7) a new UK cryptoasset regime; and (8) continuing reforms to the UK listing regime.
Overseas Fund Regime (“OFR”)
OFR, the simplified regime through which non-UK funds can register with the FCA to be marketed to UK retail investors, was enacted in February 2022 and continues to be implemented through 2025. For certain types of funds, OFR requires consumer protection regimes in EU countries where such BlackRock funds are domiciled to be found equivalent to the UK’s regime in order to market the funds in the UK.
Conduct Regulation
The FCA continues to focus on conduct regulation, including the implementation of the Consumer Duty by all asset management firms, including BlackRock’s UK subsidiaries. The Consumer Duty rules require firms to act to deliver good outcomes for retail customers in their manufacture and distribution of products and services, in respect of price and value, consumer understanding and consumer support. Any failure to meet the FCA’s regulatory expectations could expose BlackRock to regulatory sanctions and increased reputational risk.
UK Stewardship Code Review
In 2024, the UK Financial Reporting Council released a consultation on reforms to the UK Stewardship Code, including tailored reporting requirements for proxy advisers and investment consultants, which may impact BlackRock’s activities on behalf of its clients.
Regulatory Environment in China
The Company’s operations in