these assumptions to be reasonable and appropriate, changes in these estimates could produce different fair value amounts.
Contingent Consideration Liabilities
In connection with certain acquisitions, BlackRock is required to make contingent payments, subject to the achievement of specified performance targets or satisfaction of certain post-closing events. The fair value of this contingent consideration is estimated at the time of acquisition closing and is included in contingent consideration liabilities on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. The fair value of the remaining aggregate contingent payments at March 31, 2025 totaled $4.4 billion, including $4.3 billion related to the GIP Transaction, which, if any, will be settled all in stock, ranging from 4.0 million to 5.2 million shares, subject to achieving certain performance targets. The fair value of the GIP Transaction contingent consideration is estimated using the income approach, which included certain significant inputs such as a risk-free discount rate of approximately 3.9% as well as current estimates of the timing and amounts of fundraising forecasts, stock and AUM volatility, and correlation between stock price and AUM (Level 3 inputs). As the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration subsequently changes, contingent consideration liabilities are adjusted, resulting in contingent consideration fair value adjustments recorded within general and administration expense of the condensed consolidated statements of income until the contingency is resolved. Accordingly, changes in the key inputs and assumptions described will impact the amount of contingent consideration expense recorded in a reporting period.
Investment Advisory Performance Fees / Carried Interest
The Company receives investment advisory performance fees, including incentive allocations (carried interest) from certain actively managed investment funds and certain separately managed accounts ("SMAs"). These performance fees are dependent upon exceeding specified relative or absolute investment return thresholds, which vary by product or account, and include monthly, quarterly, annual or longer measurement periods.
63
Performance fees, including carried interest, are generated on certain management contracts when performance hurdles are achieved. Such performance fees are recognized when the contractual performance criteria have been met and when it is determined that they are no longer probable of significant reversal. Given the unique nature of each fee arrangement, contracts with customers are evaluated on an individual basis to determine the timing of revenue recognition. Significant judgment is involved in making such determination. Performance fees typically arise from investment management services that began in prior reporting periods. Consequently, a portion of the fees the Company recognizes may be partially related to the services performed in prior periods that meet the