return hurdle. On some products, the Company also may earn securities lending revenue. In addition, BlackRock offers its proprietary Aladdin investment system as well as risk management, outsourcing, advisory and other technology services, to institutional investors and wealth management intermediaries. Revenue for these services may be based on several criteria including value of positions, number of users, implementation go-lives and software solution delivery and support.
At December 31, 2024, total AUM was $11.6 trillion, representing a CAGR of 9% over the last five years. AUM growth during the period was achieved through the combination of net market valuation gains, net inflows and acquisitions, including the net AUM impact from the Aperio Transaction, which added $41 billion of AUM in February 2021, the Kreos Transaction, which added $2 billion of AUM in August 2023, the SpiderRock Transaction, which added $4 billion of AUM in May 2024, and the GIP Transaction, which added $70 billion of AUM in October 2024. BlackRock's AUM mix encompasses a broadly diversified product range, as described below.
The Company considers the categorization of its AUM by client type, product type, investment style, and client region useful to understanding its business. The following discussion of the Company’s AUM will be organized as follows:
Client Type
BlackRock serves a diverse mix of institutional and retail clients across the globe, with a regionally focused business model. BlackRock leverages the benefits of scale across global investment, risk and technology platforms while at the same time using local distribution presence to deliver solutions for clients. Furthermore, the Company's structure facilitates strong teamwork globally across both functions and regions in order to enhance BlackRock's ability to leverage best practices to serve our clients and continue to develop our talent.
Clients include tax-exempt institutions, such as defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans, charities, foundations and endowments; official institutions, such as central banks, sovereign wealth funds, supranationals and other government entities; taxable institutions, including insurance companies, financial institutions, corporations and third-party fund sponsors, and retail intermediaries.
ETFs are a growing component of both institutional and retail client portfolios. However, as ETFs are traded on exchanges, complete transparency on the ultimate end-investor is unavailable. Therefore, ETFs are presented as a separate client type below, with investments in ETFs by institutions and retail clients excluded from figures and discussions in their respective sections.
AUM by investment style and client type at December 31, 2024 is presented below.
Retail
BlackRock serves retail investors globally through a wide array of products across the investment spectrum, including separate accounts, open-end and closed-end funds, unit trusts and private investment funds.