Reserve Bank stock is held for regulatory purposes and is restricted from sale.
(4)
Carried interest represents allocations to BlackRock’s general partner capital accounts from certain sponsored investment funds. These balances are subject to change upon cash distributions, additional allocations or reallocations back to limited partners within the respective funds.
(5)
Other investments include BlackRock’s investments in nonmarketable equity securities, which are measured at cost, adjusted for observable price changes, and private equity, private credit, real asset, and commodity investments held by CIPs, which are measured at fair value.
Held-to-Maturity Investments
Held-to-maturity investments included certain investments in BlackRock sponsored CLOs. The amortized cost (carrying value) of these investments approximated fair value (primarily a Level 2 input). At March 31, 2025,
$
17
million
of these investments mature between one and five years,
$
350
million
of these investments mature between five and
ten years and
$
163
million
of these investments mature after ten years.
13
Trading Debt Securities and Equity Securities at FVTNI
A summary of the cost and carrying value of trading debt securities and equity securities at FVTNI is as follows:
6
. Consolidated Sponsored Investment Products
In the normal course of business, the Company is the manager of various types of sponsored investment products, which may be considered VIEs or voting rights entities ("VREs"). The Company consolidates certain sponsored investment funds accounted for as VREs because it is deemed to control such funds. In addition, the Company may from time to time own equity or debt securities issued by vehicles or enter into derivatives or loan arrangements with the vehicles, each of which are considered variable interests. The Company’s involvement in financing the operations of the VIEs is generally limited to its economic interest in the entity. The Company’s consolidated VIEs include certain sponsored investment products in which BlackRock has an economic interest and as the investment manager, is deemed to have both the power to direct the most significant activities of the products and the right to receive benefits (or the obligation to absorb losses) that could potentially be significant to these sponsored investment products. The assets of these VIEs are not available to creditors of the Company. In addition, the investors in these VIEs have no recourse to the credit of the Company.
The following table presents the balances related to these CIPs accounted for as VIEs and VREs that were recorded on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition, including BlackRock’s net interest in these products:
(1)
The Company generally cannot readily access cash and cash equivalents held by CIPs to use in its operating activities.
(2)
At both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024
, other liabilities of VIEs primarily include deferred carried interest liabilities and