revenue, including the partial impact from the Preqin Transaction, partially offset by lower performance fees. The increase in revenue was more than offset by higher expense for the three months ended March 31, 2025, which was impacted by the acquisition-related costs in connection with the GIP and Preqin Transactions, including amortization of intangible assets and other acquisition-related costs, such as retention-related deferred compensation expense and general and administration expense primarily related to a contingent consideration fair value adjustment and professional services.
Nonoperating income (expense) less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests (“NCI”) decreased $110 million from the three months ended March 31, 2024, driven by higher interest expense and lower noncash mark-to-market net gain (loss) on revaluation of investments, partially offset by higher interest and dividend income.
First quarter 2025 income tax expense included a $149 million discrete tax benefit related to the realization of capital losses from changes in the Company's organizational structure and a $46 million discrete tax benefit related to stock-based compensation awards that vested in the first quarter. First quarter 2024 income tax expense included a discrete tax benefit of $137 million recognized in connection with the reorganization and establishment of a more efficient global intellectual property and technology platform and corporate structure. In addition, first quarter 2024 income tax expense included $28 million of additional discrete tax benefits, including a benefit related to stock-based compensation awards that vested in the first quarter.
37
Earnings per diluted common share decreased $0.84, or 8%, from the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily driven by the impact of higher acquisition-related costs, lower nonoperating income and a higher diluted share count in the current quarter, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate.
As Adjusted.
Operating income of $2.0 billion increased $257 million and operating margin of 43.2% increased 100 bps from the three months ended March 31, 2024. The acquisition-related expenses described above have been excluded from as adjusted results. Earnings per diluted common share increased $1.49, or 15%, from the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily reflecting higher operating income and a lower effective tax rate in the current quarter, partially offset by lower nonoperating income and a higher diluted share count. In addition, income tax expense, as adjusted, for the first quarter of 2024 excluded the $137 million discrete tax benefit described above.
See
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
for further information on as adjusted items and the reconciliation to GAAP.
For further discussion of BlackRock’s revenue, expense, nonoperating results and income tax expense, see
Discussion of Financial Results
herein.
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
BlackRock reports its financial results in