observable inputs in determining the price.
In addition, quotes obtained from brokers generally are nonbinding and categorized as Level 3 inputs. However, if the Company is able to determine that market participants have transacted for the asset in an orderly manner near the quoted price or if the Company can determine that the inputs used by the broker are observable, the quote is classified as a Level 2 input.
7
Investments Measured at Net Asset Value.
As a practical expedient, the Company uses net asset value (“NAV”) as the fair value for certain investments. The inputs to value these investments may include the Company’s capital accounts for its partnership interests in various alternative investments, including hedge funds, real assets and private equity funds. The various partnerships are investment companies, which record their underlying investments at fair value based on fair value policies established by management of the underlying fund. Fair value policies at the underlying fund generally require the fund to utilize pricing/valuation information from third-party sources, including independent appraisals. However, in some instances, current valuation information for illiquid securities or securities in markets that are not active may not be available from any third-party source or fund management may conclude that the valuations that are available from third-party sources are not reliable. In these instances, fund management may perform model-based analytical valuations that could be used as an input to value these investments.
Fair Value Assets and Liabilities of Consolidated CLO.
The Company applies the fair value option provisions for eligible assets, including loans, held by a consolidated CLO. As the fair value of the financial assets of the consolidated CLO is more observable than the fair value of the borrowings of the consolidated CLO, the Company measures the fair value of the borrowings of the consolidated CLO equal to the fair value of the assets of the consolidated CLO less the fair value of the Company’s economic interest in the CLO.
Derivatives and Hedging Activities.
The Company does not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The Company uses derivative financial instruments primarily for purposes of hedging exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates of certain assets and liabilities, and market price and interest rate exposures with respect to its total portfolio of seed investments in sponsored investment products. In addition, certain CIPs also utilize derivatives as a part of their investment strategies.
In addition, the Company uses derivatives and makes investments to economically hedge market valuation changes on certain deferred cash compensation plans, for which the final value of the deferred amount distributed to employees in cash upon vesting is determined based on the returns of specified investment funds. The Company recognizes compensation expense for