net discrete tax benefit of $37 million related to stock-based compensation awards that vested in 2024; and
•
a $14 million net noncash tax expense related to the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities.
The as adjusted effective tax rate of 23.5% for 2024 excluded the $137 million discrete tax benefit due to the nonrecurring nature of the intellectual property reorganization and the $14 million net noncash tax expense, as it does not have a cash flow impact as well as to ensure comparability among periods presented.
52
The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) has proposed certain international tax reforms, which, among other things, would (1) shift taxing rights to the jurisdiction of the consumer (“Pillar One”) and (2) establish a global minimum tax for multinational companies of 15% (“Pillar Two”). In response, European Union member states and several other countries, including the United Kingdom, have since adopted laws implementing the OECD’s minimum tax rules under Pillar Two, effective starting in 2024. As a result of these developments, the tax laws of certain countries in which BlackRock does business have changed and may continue to change, and any such changes could increase its tax liabilities. The Pillar Two Framework did not have a material impact on BlackRock’s consolidated financial statements for 2024 and the Company is continuing to monitor legislative developments and evaluate the potential impact of the Pillar Two Framework on future periods.
2023
Income tax expense (GAAP) reflected:
•
a discrete tax benefit of $201 million, related to the resolution of certain outstanding tax matters; and
•
a discrete tax benefit of $41 million, related to stock-based compensation awards that vested in 2023.
Statement of financial condition Overview
As Adjusted Statement of Financial Condition
The following table presents a reconciliation of the consolidated statement of financial condition presented on a GAAP basis to the consolidated statement of financial condition, excluding the impact of separate account assets and separate account collateral held under securities lending agreements (directly related to lending separate account securities) and separate account liabilities and separate account collateral liabilities under securities lending agreements and CIPs.
The Company presents the as adjusted statement of financial condition as additional information to enable investors to exclude certain assets that have equal and offsetting liabilities or NCI that ultimately do not have an impact on stockholders’ equity or cash flows. Management views the as adjusted statement of financial condition, which contains non-GAAP financial measures, as an economic presentation of the Company’s total assets and liabilities; however, it does not advocate that investors consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Separate