improvements. Prior to the Company’s move to its current headquarters in February 2023, the impact of lease costs related to 50 Hudson Yards was excluded from operating income, as adjusted. In February 2023, the Company completed the majority of its move to 50 Hudson Yards and no longer excluded the impact of these lease costs. Subsequently, from February 2023 through April 2023, the Company excluded the impact of lease costs related to the Company's prior headquarters. Management believes excluding the impact of these respective New York lease costs (“Lease costs – New York”) when calculating operating income, as adjusted, is useful to assess the Company’s financial performance and ongoing operations, and enhances comparability among periods presented.
(d)
Restructuring charge
. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company recorded a restructuring charge, comprised of severance and compensation expense for accelerated vesting of previously granted deferred compensation awards, in connection with initiatives to reorganize specific platforms, primarily Aladdin and private markets. Management believes excluding the impact of these restructuring charges when calculating operating income, as adjusted, is useful to assess the Company’s financial performance and ongoing operations, and enhances comparability among periods presented.
(e)
Reduction of indemnification asset.
In connection with a previous acquisition, BlackRock recorded an $8 million indemnification asset. Due to the resolution of certain tax matters in the third quarter of 2023, BlackRock recorded $8 million of general and administration expense to reflect the reduction of the indemnification asset and an offsetting $8 million tax benefit. The $8 million general and administrative expense and $8 million tax benefit have been excluded from as adjusted results as there was no impact on BlackRock’s book value.
•
Revenue used for calculating operating margin, as adjusted, is reduced to exclude all of the Company’s distribution fees, which are recorded as a separate line item on the consolidated statements of income, as well as a portion of investment advisory fees received that is used to pay distribution and servicing costs. For certain products, based on distinct arrangements, distribution fees are collected by the Company and then passed-through to third-party client intermediaries. For other products, investment advisory fees are collected by the Company and a portion is passed-through to third-party client intermediaries. However, in both structures, the third-party client intermediary similarly owns the relationship with the retail client and is responsible for distributing the product and servicing the client. The amount of distribution and investment advisory fees fluctuates each period primarily based on a predetermined percentage of the value of AUM during the period. These fees also vary based on the type of investment product sold and the geographic location where it is sold. In