aggregate contingent payments at March 31, 2025
totaled $
4.4
billion, including $
4.3
billion related to the GIP Transaction, which, if any, will be settled, all in stock, ranging from
4.0
million to
5.2
million shares, subject to achieving certain performance targets. See Note
3,
Acquisitions
, for more information.
25
Legal Proceedings.
From time to time, BlackRock receives subpoenas or other requests for information from various US federal and state governmental and regulatory authorities and international governmental and regulatory authorities in connection with industry-wide or other investigations or proceedings. It is BlackRock’s policy to cooperate fully with such matters. In 2023, BlackRock responded to requests from the SEC in connection with a publicly reported, industry-wide investigation of investment advisers’ compliance with record retention requirements relating to certain types of electronic communications.
The Company, certain of its subsidiaries and employees have been named as defendants in various legal actions, including arbitrations and other litigation arising in connection with BlackRock’s activities. Additionally, BlackRock-advised investment portfolios may be subject to lawsuits, any of which potentially could harm the investment returns of the applicable portfolio or result in the Company being liable to the portfolios for any resulting damages.
Management, after consultation with legal counsel, currently does not anticipate that the aggregate liability arising out of regulatory matters or lawsuits will have a material effect on BlackRock’s results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. However, there is no assurance as to whether any such pending or threatened matters will have a material effect on BlackRock’s results of operations, financial position or cash flows in any future reporting period. Due to uncertainties surrounding the outcome of these matters, management cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss that may arise from these matters.
Indemnifications.
In the ordinary course of business or in connection with certain acquisition agreements, BlackRock enters into contracts pursuant to which it may agree to indemnify third parties in certain circumstances. The terms of these indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined or the likelihood of any liability is considered remote. Consequently, no liability has been recorded on the condensed consolidated statements of financial condition.
In connection with securities lending transactions, BlackRock has agreed to indemnify certain securities lending clients against potential loss resulting from a borrower’s failure to fulfill its obligations under the securities lending agreement should the value of the collateral pledged by the borrower at the time of default be insufficient to cover the borrower’s obligation under the securities lending agreement. The amount of