provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
Acquisition of Global Infrastructure Management, LLC (“GIP”) – Fair Value of intangible assets related to management contracts and contingent consideration — Refer to Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
On October 1, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of GIP for consideration at close of approximately $3 billion in cash and 6.9 million shares of BlackRock common stock. In addition, as part of the purchase consideration, a contingent consideration payment, all in stock, may be due subject to achieving certain performance targets. The Company accounts for the acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. Accordingly, the Company allocated the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based on their estimated fair values at the date of the transaction close. The Company recorded approximately $1.8 billion of intangible assets related to management contracts as of the acquisition date (the “acquired management contracts”). Additionally, the Company recorded an estimated contingent consideration liability of approximately $4.2 billion.
Acquired management contracts are valued using discounted cash flow methods based on future cash flows specific to the type of intangible asset acquired. The determination of fair value requires management to make estimates and assumptions related to forecasted revenue and cash flows, and the determination of the discount rates.
The fair value of the contingent consideration was determined using an income approach where management develops projections during the contingent consideration period utilizing various potential pay-out scenarios. The determination of fair value requires management to make estimates and assumptions related to projected assets under management (“AUM”), discount rate and common stock volatility.
Given the fair value determination of acquired management contracts and contingent consideration requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these estimates and assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve