w
ith
2023
GAAP.
Operating income of $7.6 billion increased $1.3 billion and operating margin of 37.1% increased 200 bps from 2023. Increases in operating income and operating margin reflected higher base fees, driven by the positive impact of markets on average AUM, organic base fee growth and fees on AUM acquired in the GIP Transaction, as well as higher performance fees and technology services revenue, partially offset by higher employee compensation and benefits expense, sales, asset and account expense, and general and administration expense. Expense for 2024 was impacted by the GIP Transaction, including nonrecurring retention-related deferred compensation expense, acquisition-related costs and amortization of intangible assets acquired in the GIP Transaction. In addition, expense for 2024 included a $50 million noncash impairment charge related to certain indefinite-lived open-end management contracts. Expense for 2023 included a restructuring charge of $61 million in connection with initiatives to reorganize specific platforms, primarily Aladdin and private markets, to stay ahead of client needs.
Nonoperating income (expense) less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ("NCI") decreased $128 million from 2023, driven primarily by lower mark-to-market revaluation of private equity co-investments and higher interest expense, partially offset by higher interest and dividend income, a pre-tax gain of approximately $66 million in connection with a transaction related to a minority investment in EquiLend Holdings, LLC (the "EquiLend Transaction"), and higher mark-to-market gains on unhedged seed capital investments and certain minority investments.
Income tax expense for 2024 included discrete tax benefits of $137 million recognized in connection with the reorganization and establishment of a more efficient global intellectual property and technology platform and corporate structure, $63 million related to the realization of capital losses from changes in the Company's organizational tax structure, $37 million related to vested stock-based compensation awards, and a net noncash discrete tax expense of $14 million related to the revaluation of deferred income tax liabilities. Income tax expense for 2023 included $242 million discrete tax net benefits related to the resolution of certain outstanding tax matters and stock-based compensation awards that vested in 2023.
Earnings per diluted common share increased $5.50, or 15%, from 2023, primarily reflecting higher operating income, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate and lower nonoperating income.
As Adjusted
.
Operating income of $8.1 billion increased $1.5 billion and operating margin of 44.5% increased 280 bps from 2023. Earnings per diluted common share increased $5.84, or 15%, from 2023, reflecting higher operating income, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate and lower nonoperating income. The acquisition related expenses and the noncash impairment