2024, with over half of new client mandates spanning multiple Aladdin products. Aladdin assignments are typically long-term contracts that provide recurring revenue. At the end of any period, BlackRock generally has recurring revenue contracts in place for a large portion of total annual revenue. BlackRock measures the fees related to these agreements and refers to this as ACV. For further information on ACV, see Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Non-GAAP Financial Measures
.
Aladdin, which represented the majority of technology services revenue for the year, continues to benefit from trends favoring global platform and multi-asset risk solutions across public and private markets. Approximately 25% of Aladdin’s revenue was denominated in non-US currencies. In addition, while Aladdin is a multi-asset system, the majority of positions managed on the platform are fixed income. Revenue growth in 2024 reflected the successful onboarding of a number of new clients and expanding relationships with existing clients. 2024 revenue growth also reflects the prior year revenue impact of several clients’ renewals of eFront “on-premises” licenses.
BlackRock is focused on enhancing Aladdin, with continued investment into areas such as whole portfolio, private markets, wealth and sustainable investing solutions. BlackRock continues to evolve and enable clients to further simplify their operating infrastructure with Aladdin. Clients increasingly want to tailor how they use Aladdin to meet their specific needs, and BlackRock is providing them with choice and flexibility. BlackRock is empowering clients with data and opening Aladdin by creating connectivity with ecosystem providers and third-party technology solutions, which include asset servicers, cloud providers, digital asset platforms, trading systems and others. This connectivity helps clients work in their Aladdin environments with a more customized and seamless end-to-end experience.
In addition, BlackRock has made minority investments in financial technology and digital distribution providers, data and whole portfolio capabilities including Securitize, Upvest, Avaloq, Human Interest, Circle, Clarity AI, Envestnet, Acorns, Scalable Capital and iCapital. BlackRock records its share of income related to certain minority investments accounted for under the equity method within nonoperating income (expense) beginning in the first quarter of 2024 and within other revenue in 2023. In addition, BlackRock records gains and losses related to changes in value of other minority investments in nonoperating income (expense).
In June 2024, BlackRock announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Preqin, a leading independent provider of private markets data, for £2.55 billion (or approximately $3.2 billion based on the GBP/USD foreign exchange rate at December 31, 2024) in cash. The Company believes bringing together Preqin's data and