mid-2026 while the UK is expected to propose new legislation on ESG rating providers. Japan and Singapore have published codes of conduct for ESG data and rating providers, with Hong Kong considering a similar approach, while India introduced a regulatory framework for ESG rating providers in July 2023.
As jurisdictions continue to develop and implement sustainability regulations and litigation challenging such regulations increases, BlackRock faces greater fragmentation risk related to local application of regulations, resulting in complex and conflicting compliance obligations and legal and regulatory uncertainty.
Taxation
BlackRock’s businesses may be directly or indirectly affected by tax legislation and regulation, or the modification of existing tax laws, by US or non-US tax authorities. Legislation at both the US federal and state level has been previously proposed to enact a financial transaction tax (“FTT”) on stocks, bonds and a broad range of financial instruments and derivative transactions. In the EU, certain Member States have also enacted similar FTTs and the European Commission (“EC”) has proposed legislation to harmonize these taxes and provide for the adoption of EU-level legislation applicable to some (but not all) EU Member States. If enacted as proposed, FTTs could have an adverse effect on BlackRock’s financial results and clients’ performance results.
The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) has proposed certain international tax reforms, which, among other things, would (1) shift taxing rights to the jurisdiction of the consumer (“Pillar One”) and (2) establish a global minimum tax for multinational companies of 15% (“Pillar Two”). In response, EU member states and several other countries, including the UK, have since adopted laws implementing the OECD’s minimum tax rules under Pillar Two, effective starting in 2024. As a result of these developments, the tax laws of certain countries in which BlackRock does business have changed and may continue to change, and any such changes could increase its tax liabilities. The Company is continuing to monitor legislative developments and evaluate the potential impact of the Pillar Two Framework on future periods.
The application of tax regulations involves numerous uncertainties and, in the normal course of business, US and non-US tax authorities may review and challenge tax positions adopted by BlackRock. These challenges may result in adjustments to, or impact the timing or amount of, taxable income, deductions or other tax allocations, which may adversely affect BlackRock’s effective tax rate and overall financial condition. Similarly, the Company manages assets in products and accounts that have investment objectives which may conform to tax positions adopted by BlackRock or to specific tax rules. To the extent there are changes in tax law or policy, or regulatory challenges to tax positions adopted by BlackRock, the value or attractiveness of such