annual compensation of the Company’s senior-level employees and to evaluate the Company’s relative performance against industry peers. Furthermore, this metric eliminates margin variability arising from the accounting of revenues and expenses related to distributing different product structures in multiple distribution channels utilized by asset managers.
•
Operating income, as adjusted, includes the following non-GAAP expense adjustments:
(a)
Compensation expense related to appreciation (depreciation) on deferred cash compensation plans
. The Company excludes compensation expense related to the market valuation changes on certain deferred cash compensation plans, which the Company hedges economically. For these deferred cash compensation plans, the final value of the deferred amount to be distributed to employees in cash upon vesting is determined based on the returns on specified investment funds. The Company recognizes compensation expense for the appreciation (depreciation) of the deferred cash compensation liability in proportion to the vested amount of the award during a respective period, while the net gain (loss) to economically hedge these plans is immediately recognized in nonoperating income (expense), which creates a timing difference impacting net income. This timing difference will reverse and offset to zero over the life of the award at the end of the multi-year vesting period. Management believes excluding market valuation changes related to the deferred cash compensation plans in the calculation of operating income, as adjusted, provides useful disclosure to both management and investors of the Company’s financial performance over time as these amounts are economically hedged, while also increasing comparability with other companies.
(b)
Acquisition-related costs
. Acquisition-related costs include adjustments related to amortization and noncash impairment of intangible assets, other acquisition-related costs, including professional services expense and compensation costs for nonrecurring retention-related deferred compensation, and contingent consideration fair value adjustments incurred in connection with certain acquisitions. Management believes excluding the impact of these expenses when calculating operating income, as adjusted, provides a helpful indication of the Company’s financial performance over time, thereby providing helpful information for both management and investors while also increasing comparability with other companies.
(c)
Lease costs – New York
. In 2023, the Company continued to recognize lease expense within general and administration expense for both its current headquarters located at 50 Hudson Yards in New York and prior headquarters until the Company's lease on its prior headquarters expired in April 2023. The Company began lease payments related to its current headquarters in May 2023, but began recording lease expense in August 2021 when it obtained access to the building to begin its tenant