shares of Class B common stock on behalf of beneficial-but-not-of-record owners.
Dividends
Berkshire has not declared a cash dividend since 1967.
Common Stock Repurchase Program
Berkshire’s common stock repurchase program permits Berkshire to repurchase its Class A and Class B shares at any time that Warren Buffett, Berkshire’s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, believes that the repurchase price is below Berkshire’s intrinsic value, conservatively determined. Repurchases may be in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. No Class A or Class B shares were repurchased in the fourth quarter of 2024.
* The program does not specify a maximum number of shares to be repurchased or obligate Berkshire to repurchase any specific dollar amount or number of Class A or Class B shares and there is no expiration date to the repurchase program. Berkshire will not repurchase its common stock if the repurchases reduce the value of Berkshire’s consolidated cash, cash equivalents and U.S. Treasury Bills holdings to less than $30 billion.
Stock Performance Graph
The following chart compares the value of $100 invested in Berkshire common stock on December 31, 2019 and subsequent values with a similar investment in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index and in the Standard & Poor’s Property & Casualty Insurance Index.**
* Cumulative return for the Standard & Poor’s indices based on reinvestment of dividends.
** It is difficult to develop a group of companies comparable to Berkshire. Berkshire owns subsidiaries engaged in numerous diverse business activities of which an important component is the property and casualty insurance business. Accordingly, Berkshire uses the Standard & Poor’s Property & Casualty Insurance Index for comparative purposes.
Item 6. [Reserved]
K-
32
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Results of Operations
Net earnings (loss) attributable to Berkshire shareholders for each of the past three years are disaggregated in the table that follows. Amounts are after deducting income taxes and exclude earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests (in millions).
——————
* Includes certain businesses in which Berkshire had between a 20% and 50% ownership interest.
Through our subsidiaries, we engage in numerous diverse business activities. The business segment data (Note 26 to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements) should be referenced in conjunction with this discussion.
Our periodic operating results may be affected in future periods due to impacts of ongoing macroeconomic and geopolitical events, as well as changes in industry or company-specific factors or events. We cannot reliably predict the future economic effects of these factors or events on our businesses.
Insurance underwriting generated after-tax earnings of $9.0 billion in 2024 and $5.4 billion in 2023 and losses of $30 million in 2022. Earnings in 2024 and 2023 benefited from