businesses, including Jazwares, Fruit of the Loom, Duracell and Garan, primarily due to lower customer demand.
Pre-tax earnings of our consumer products group declined $105 million (29.6%) in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower earnings from Forest River, due to higher selling, general and administrative expenses, and from Garan, Jazwares and Duracell, primarily due to the impact of lower volumes and average gross margin rates. These declines were partially offset by higher earnings from Brooks Sports, attributable to increased revenues and gross margin rates, and Fruit of the Loom, attributable to lower manufacturing costs and the benefits of restructuring efforts.
40
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Manufacturing, Service and Retailing
Service and retailing
A summary of revenues and pre-tax earnings of our service and retailing businesses follows (dollars in millions).
Service
Our service group consists of several businesses. The largest of these businesses are NetJets and FlightSafety (aviation services), which offer shared ownership programs for general aviation aircraft and high technology training products and services to operators of aircraft, and TTI, a distributor of electronics components. Our other service businesses franchise and service a network of quick service restaurants (Dairy Queen), lease transportation equipment (XTRA) and furniture (CORT), provide third party logistics services that primarily serve the petroleum and chemical industries (Charter Brokerage), distribute electronic news, multimedia and regulatory filings (Business Wire), provide various facilities construction management services (IPS-Integrated Project Services, LLC (IPS)) and operate a television station in Miami, Florida (WPLG). McLane, which we view as a service business, is addressed separately, since it is deemed a separate segment for financial reporting purposes.
Service group revenues increased $342 million (6.6%) in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the first quarter of 2024, primarily attributable to higher revenues from aviation services (10.4%) and IPS (16.0%). Revenues from TTI in the first quarter of 2025 increased slightly versus 2024. The revenue increase from aviation services was primarily due to increases in the number of aircraft in shared aircraft ownership programs and an increase in flight hours across NetJets’ various programs, as well as higher average rates.
Service group pre-tax earnings increased $57 million (9.6%) in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024, primarily attributable to increases from aviation services, the leasing businesses and Charter Brokerage, partially offset by lower earnings from TTI. Pre-tax earnings as a percentage of revenues rose 0.3 percentage points in 2025 compared to 2024. The earnings increase from aviation services was primarily attributable to increased revenues, partially