securities portfolio and the inherent volatility of equity securities prices. Unrealized gains and losses on our investments in equity securities also include the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on investments in equity securities of non-U.S. issuers that are held by our U.S.-based subsidiaries.
Pre-tax investment gains and losses included net unrealized losses of $6.8 billion in the first quarter of 2025 and net unrealized gains of $4.0 billion in the first quarter of 2024, attributable to changes in market prices on equity securities we held at the end of each period. Taxable investment gains and losses on equity securities sold, which is generally the difference between sales proceeds and the original cost basis of the securities sold, were gains of $3.1 billion in the first quarter of 2025 compared to $14.2 billion in 2024.
We believe that investment gains and losses, whether realized from sales or unrealized from changes in market prices, are often meaningless in terms of understanding our reported consolidated earnings or evaluating our periodic economic performance. We also continue to believe the investment gains and losses recorded in earnings in any given period has little analytical or predictive value.
Other
A summary of after-tax other earnings (losses) follows (in millions).
Investment income includes interest income, dividend income and investment expenses allocated to the Berkshire parent company. After-tax investment income in the first quarter of 2025 increased $566 million compared to 2024, primarily due to interest income from increased investments in U.S. Treasury Bills.
Foreign currency exchange rate gains and losses on Berkshire’s and BHFC’s non-U.S. Dollar denominated senior notes represent the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates recognized in earnings from the periodic revaluation of these liabilities into U.S. Dollars. The gains and losses recorded in any given period can be significant due to the magnitude of the borrowings and the inherent volatility in foreign currency exchange rates.
Equity method earnings include our proportionate share of earnings of Kraft Heinz, Occidental and Berkadia. After-tax equity method earnings in the first quarter of 2025 declined $289 million compared to 2024. The decline was primarily due to lower earnings from Occidental, which we report on a one-quarter lag.
Acquisition accounting expenses include charges arising from the application of the acquisition method in connection with certain of Berkshire’s past business acquisitions. These charges are primarily from the amortization of intangible assets recorded in connection with those acquisitions. Other earnings and losses primarily include unallocated general and administrative expenses, interest expense, income tax expense and interest income on certain intercompany loans.
43
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Financial Condition
Our