categories follow (in millions). The information reflects the changes in discounted present values of expected future policy benefits and expected future net premiums before reinsurance ceded.
Net premiums represent the portion of expected gross premiums that are required to provide for future policy benefits and variable expenses.
Expected future policy benefits and expected future net premiums declined in the first quarter of 2024, primarily attributable to the commutations of certain life reinsurance contracts. The impacts of these contract commutations were included in the effects of actual versus expected experience.
Other information relating to our long-duration insurance liabilities follows (dollars in millions).
16
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 15. Long-duration insurance contracts
Gross premiums earned and interest expense before reinsurance ceded for the first quarter of 2025 and 2024 were as follows (in millions).
Note 16. Notes payable and other borrowings
Notes payable and other borrowings of our insurance and other businesses are summarized below (dollars in millions). The weighted average interest rates and maturity date ranges are based on borrowings as of March 31, 2025.
Berkshire borrowings consist of senior unsecured debt. Berkshire repaid approximately $
1.3
billion of maturing debt in the first quarter of 2025. In April 2025, Berkshire issued ¥
90
billion ($
632
million) of senior notes with maturity dates ranging from
2028
to
2055
and a weighted average interest rate of
1.637
% and repaid ¥
41.6
billion ($
289
million) of senior notes that matured.
Borrowings of BHFC, a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of Berkshire, consist of senior unsecured notes used to fund manufactured housing loans originated or acquired and equipment held for lease of certain subsidiaries. BHFC borrowings are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Berkshire. Berkshire also guarantees certain debt of other subsidiaries, aggregating approximately $
2.7
billion at March 31, 2025. Generally, Berkshire’s guarantee of a subsidiary’s debt obligation is an absolute, unconditional and irrevocable guarantee for the full and prompt payment when due of all payment obligations.
The carrying values of Berkshire and BHFC non-U.S. Dollar denominated senior notes (€
4.85
billion, £
1.75
billion and ¥
1,988
billion par at March 31, 2025) reflect the applicable exchange rates as of each balance sheet date. The effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates during the period on these borrowings are recorded in earnings as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses. Changes in the exchange rates produced pre-tax losses of $
936
million in the first quarter of 2025 and pre-tax gains of $
781
million in the first quarter of 2024.
Notes payable and other borrowings of our railroad, utilities and energy businesses are summarized below (dollars in millions). The weighted average interest rates and maturity date ranges are based on