of Nebraska (“BHLN”) and its affiliates write reinsurance covering various forms of traditional life insurance exposures and reinsured certain guaranteed minimum death, income and similar risks on closed-blocks of variable annuity risks, which are in run-off.
Retroactive reinsurance
Retroactive reinsurance contracts indemnify ceding companies for adverse development of claims arising from loss events that have already occurred under property and casualty policies issued in prior years. Coverage under such contracts is provided on an excess basis (above a stated retention) or for losses payable after the inception of the contract with no additional ceding company retention. Contracts are normally subject to aggregate limits of indemnification, which can be exceptionally large in amount. Significant amounts of asbestos, environmental and latent injury claims may arise under these contracts.
The concept of time-value-of-money is an important element in establishing retroactive reinsurance contract prices and terms since loss payments may occur over decades. Normally, expected ultimate losses payable under these policies are expected to exceed premiums, thus producing underwriting losses. Nevertheless, this business is written, in part, because of the large amounts of policyholder funds generated for investment, the economic benefit of which is reflected through investment results in future periods.
K-
5
Periodic payment annuity
BHLN writes periodic payment annuity insurance policies and reinsures annuity-like obligations. Under these policies, BHLN receives upfront consideration and agrees in the future to make periodic payments that often extend for decades. These policies generally relate to the settlement of underlying personal injury or workers’ compensation claims of other insurers, known as structured settlements. Consistent with retroactive reinsurance contracts, time-value-of-money is an important factor in establishing annuity premiums and ultimate payments are expected to exceed premiums received, producing underwriting losses. BHLN wrote no new policies in 2023 and 2024 in response to changing economic and market conditions.
Investments of insurance businesses
—Berkshire’s insurance subsidiaries hold significant levels of invested assets. Investment portfolios are managed by Berkshire’s Chief Executive Officer and, to a lesser extent, by two corporate investment managers. Investments include a very large portfolio of publicly traded equity securities, which are unusually concentrated in relatively few companies, as well as in short-term investments and fixed maturity securities. Generally, there are no target allocations by investment type or attempts to match investment asset and insurance liability durations. However, investment portfolios have historically included a much greater proportion of equity securities than is customary in the insurance industry.
Invested assets derive from shareholder capital as well as funds provided from