natural gas sources and would require states to reduce methane emissions from existing sources nationwide. The EPA issued a supplemental proposal in November 2022 to further strengthen emission requirements. The rule was finalized in December 2023. Affected sources may have up to five years from the rule’s effective date to comply with requirements identified in state implementation plans. The rule has been challenged in the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. The Trump administration is expected to ask the court to abate litigation while it reevaluates the rule. Because the rule is final and in effect, additional rulemaking would be required to rescind and potentially replace the emissions standards.
BHE and its energy subsidiaries continue to focus on delivering reliable, affordable, safe and clean energy to its customers and on actions to mitigate its GHG emissions. BHE’s primary source of GHG emissions is the generation of electricity from its power plants that are fueled by coal or natural gas. In managing its electricity generation, BHE’s subsidiaries work with their regulators to protect the energy and economic needs of customers by considering costs, reliability and sources of electric generation. Over the years, BHE has invested heavily in owned renewable generation and storage, with cumulative investments of $35.4 billion through December 31, 2024. Additionally, BHE has ceased coal operations at 18 generation units. As a result, as of December 31, 2024, BHE has reduced its annual GHG emissions by more than 38% as compared to 2005 levels. To the extent it is beneficial for customers and consistent with regulatory provisions, BHE plans to continue investing in renewable and other low-carbon generation and storage in the future and to cease coal operations at additional coal generation units in a reliable and cost-effective manner, thereby achieving a 50% reduction in GHG emissions from 2005 levels in 2030.
K-
10
Non-Energy Businesses
HomeServices of America, Inc. (“HomeServices”) is a residential real estate brokerage firm in the U.S. In addition to providing traditional residential real estate brokerage services, HomeServices offers other integrated real estate services, including mortgage originations and mortgage banking, title and closing services, insurance, home warranties, relocation services and other home-related services. It operates under 48 brand names with approximately 37,700 real estate agents in nearly 820 brokerage offices in 34 states and the District of Columbia.
HomeServices’ franchise network includes approximately 270 franchisees and over 1,400 brokerage offices with approximately 44,700 third-party real estate agents under two brand names. In exchange for franchise fees, HomeServices provides the right to use the Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices or Real Living brand names and other related service marks, as well as providing orientation programs, training and consultation services, advertising programs and other services.