sheet accompanying the complaint demands damages estimated to exceed $
900
million. PacifiCorp is actively cooperating with the U.S. and Oregon Departments of Justice on resolving these alleged claims.
Amounts sought in outstanding complaints and demands filed in Oregon and in certain demands in California approximate $
51
billion, excluding any doubling or trebling of damages or punitive damages included in the complaints. Generally, the complaints filed in California do not specify damages sought and are excluded from this amount. Of the $
51
billion, $
48
billion represents the economic and noneconomic damages sought in the James mass complaints described below. Oregon law provides for doubling of economic and property damages in the event the defendant is found to have acted with gross negligence, recklessness, willfulness or malice. Oregon law provides for trebling of damages associated with timber, shrubs and produce in the event the defendant is determined to have willfully and intentionally trespassed.
The 2020 wildfires and 2022 wildfire discussed below are referred to as the “Wildfires.” Based on available information to date, we believe it is probable that losses will be incurred associated with the Wildfires. Final determinations of liability will only be made following the completion of comprehensive investigations, litigation and similar processes. Investigations into the cause and origin of each of the 2020 Wildfires are complex and ongoing and have been or are being conducted by various entities, including the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service (“USFS”), the California Public Utilities Commission, the Oregon Department of Forestry (“ODF”), the Oregon Department of Justice, PacifiCorp and various experts engaged by PacifiCorp.
21
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 22. Contingencies and commitments
In May 2022, the USFS issued its report of investigation into the Archie Creek fire concluding that the probable cause of the fire was power lines owned and operated by PacifiCorp. The report also states that evidence indicates failure of power line infrastructure. The USFS report of investigation into the Slater fire for the investigation period October 5, 2020 to December 8, 2020, concluded that the fire was caused by a downed power line owned and operated by PacifiCorp. The report states that evidence indicates a tree fell onto the power line and that wind blew over the 137-foot tree with internal rot that showed no outward signs of distress and would not have been classified or identified as a hazard tree. Settlements have been reached with substantially all individual plaintiffs, timber companies and insurance subrogation plaintiffs in both the Archie Creek and Slater fires with government timber and suppression cost claims remaining.
In April 2023, the USFS issued its report of investigation into a wildland fire that began in the Opal Creek wilderness outside of the Santiam Canyon that was first reported on