and warehouses on six continents, the most significant of which are North America, Europe, Asia and South America. Lubrizol markets its products worldwide through direct sales, sales agents and distributors. Lubrizol’s customers principally consist of major global and regional oil companies and industrial and consumer products companies. Some of Lubrizol’s largest customers also may be suppliers, although no single customer represented more than 10% of Lubrizol’s consolidated revenues in 2024. In recent years, supply chain disruptions arising from various sources and severe weather affected the availability of raw materials and fulfillment of customer orders and otherwise disrupted Lubrizol’s operations.
Lubrizol expends significant capital to ensure the safety of its employees and the communities where it operates, as well as delivering on its commitments to operational excellence and cybersecurity. Lubrizol also makes significant capital investments to ensure reliable supply and compliance with regulations governing its operations, while reducing its environmental footprint.
K-
12
Lubrizol is subject to foreign, federal, state and local laws to protect the environment, limit manufacturing waste and emissions, ensure product and employee safety and regulate trade. While Lubrizol’s policies, practices and procedures are designed to limit the associated risks and consequent financial liability, the operation of chemical manufacturing plants entails inherent environmental, safety and other risks, and significant capital expenditures, costs or liabilities could be incurred in the future.
IMC International Metalworking Companies
IMC International Metalworking Companies and its subsidiaries (“IMC”) is one of the three largest multinational manufacturers of consumable precision carbide metal cutting tools for applications in a broad range of industrial end markets. IMC’s primary brand names include ISCAR®, TaeguTec®, Ingersoll®, Tungaloy® and NTK®. Other IMC brand names include, among others, Unitac®, UOP®, It.te.di®, Qutiltec®, Tool—Flo®, PCT®, IMCO®, BSW®, RKS®, Supermill® and Neoboss. IMC’s primary manufacturing facilities are in Israel, the U.S., South Korea, Japan, Germany, Italy, Switzerland, India, China and Mexico.
IMC has six primary product lines: milling tools, parting and grooving tools, turning/thread tools, hole making tools, round tools and tooling. These main product lines are split between consumable cemented tungsten carbide inserts and steel tool holders. Inserts comprise a major portion of IMC’s sales and earnings. Metal cutting inserts are used by industrial manufacturers to cut metals and are consumed during their use in cutting applications. Steel tool holders are used to hold the insert against the cutting piece. IMC manufactures hundreds of types of highly engineered inserts within each product line that are tailored to maximize productivity and meet the technical requirements of customers. IMC’s staff of scientists and