classified as trading are acquired with the intent to sell in the near term and are carried at fair value with changes in fair value reported in earnings. All other securities are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value. Our investments in fixed maturity securities are classified as available-for-sale. We amortize the difference between the original cost and maturity value of a fixed maturity security to earnings using the interest method.
We record investment gains and losses on available-for-sale fixed maturity securities in earnings when the securities are sold. For securities in an unrealized loss position, we recognize a loss in earnings for the excess of amortized cost over fair value if we intend to sell before the price recovers. As of the balance sheet date, we evaluate unrealized losses, considering the severity of the decline in value, creditworthiness of the issuer and other relevant factors. We record an allowance for credit losses, limited to the excess of amortized cost over fair value, with a corresponding charge to earnings if the present value of estimated expected cash flows is less than the present value of contractual cash flows. The allowance may be subsequently increased or decreased based on the prevailing facts and circumstances. The portion of the unrealized loss that is not related to a credit loss is recognized in other comprehensive income.
(e)
Investments in equity securities
We carry investments in equity securities at fair value and record the changes in fair values in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings as a component of investment gains and losses.
(f)
Investments under the equity method
We utilize the equity method to account for investments when we possess the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the operating and financial policies of the investee. The ability to exercise significant influence is presumed when the investor possesses more than 20% of the voting interests of the investee. This presumption may be overcome based on specific facts and circumstances that demonstrate that the ability to exercise significant influence is restricted. We apply the equity method to investments in common stock and other investments when such investments possess substantially identical subordinated interests to common stock, and do not apply the equity method to investments that are not in-substance common stock as defined by GAAP.
In applying the equity method, we increase or decrease the carrying amount of the investment by our proportionate share of the net earnings or losses and other comprehensive income of the investee. We record additional investments at cost and equity distributions received as reductions in the carrying value of the investment. If net losses reduce our carrying amount to zero, additional net losses may be recorded if other investments in the investee are at-risk, even if we have not committed to provide financial support to the investee.
(g)