tariffs, may negatively affect our operating results and the values of our investments in equity securities and of our operating businesses. We are currently unable to reliably predict the nature, timing or magnitude of the potential economic consequences of any such changes or the impacts on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
As described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report, we reclassified the asset, liability, revenue and expense balances of Pilot Travel Centers LLC (“Pilot”) from the Railroad, Utilities and Energy sections to the Insurance and Other sections of our Consolidated Balance Sheets and Statements of Earnings. Accordingly, we reclassified the Pilot balances in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Earnings for the first quarter of 2024 from the Railroad, Utilities and Energy section to the Insurance and Other section to conform with current presentations for comparability purposes. These reclassifications had no effect on consolidated revenues, expenses or net earnings from the amounts previously reported.
The reclassifications to the amounts previously reported in our Consolidated Statement of Earnings are summarized below (in millions).
7
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 2. New accounting and financial reporting pronouncements
In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2023-09, “Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures” (“ASU 2023-09”), which provides for additional income tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid disclosures in annual financial statements. ASU 2023-09 may be adopted prospectively or retrospectively and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024.
In November 2024, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2024-03, “Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses” (“ASU 2024-03”), which requires detailed disclosure in the notes to the financial statements of specific categories underlying certain expense captions on the income statement. ASU 2024-03 may be adopted prospectively or retrospectively and is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, with early adoption permitted.
We are evaluating the impacts these pronouncements will have on disclosures in our Consolidated Financial Statements.
On March 6, 2024, the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (“SEC”) issued Release No. 33-11275 and No. 34-99678 “The Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-Related Disclosures for Investors” (“Climate Disclosure Rules”). On April 4, 2024, the SEC stayed implementation of the Climate Disclosure Rules, pending the completion of an ongoing judicial review. On March 27, 2025, the SEC voted to end its defense of the Climate Disclosure Rules.
Note 3. Investments in fixed maturity securities
Investments in fixed maturity securities are summarized as follows (in millions).
As of March 31, 2025, approximately
94
% of our
foreign government holdings
were rated AA or higher by at least one of the major