electric and natural gas utility company headquartered in Iowa, serving electric and natural gas customers primarily in Iowa and also in portions of Illinois, South Dakota and Nebraska. MEC’s diverse retail customer base operates in the electronic data storage, agricultural, manufacturing and government service centers industries. In addition to retail sales and natural gas transportation, MEC sells electricity and natural gas on a wholesale basis.
Nevada Power serves retail electric customers in southern Nevada and Sierra Pacific serves retail electric and natural gas customers in northern Nevada. The combined Nevada Power/Sierra Pacific service territory economy includes retail customers in the gaming, mining, recreation, warehousing, manufacturing and governmental service centers sectors. In addition to retail sales and natural gas transportation, these utilities buy and sell electricity and natural gas on a wholesale basis.
As vertically integrated utilities, BHE’s U.S. utilities collectively own approximately 31,300 net megawatts of generation capacity in operation and under construction. The U.S. utilities’ business is subject to seasonal variations principally related to the use of electricity for air conditioning and natural gas for heating. Typically, regulated electric revenues are higher in the summer months, while regulated natural gas revenues are higher in the winter months.
The natural gas pipelines consist of BHE GT&S, LLC (“BHE GT&S”), Northern Natural Gas Company (“Northern Natural”) and Kern River Gas Transmission Company (“Kern River”).
BHE GT&S, based in Virginia, operates three interstate natural gas pipeline systems that consist of approximately 5,400 miles of natural gas transmission, gathering and storage pipelines and operates seventeen underground natural gas storage fields in the eastern region of the U.S. BHE GT&S’s large underground natural gas storage assets and pipeline systems are part of an interconnected gas transmission network that provides transportation services to utilities and numerous other customers. BHE GT&S is also an industry leader in liquefied natural gas solutions through its investments in and ownership of several liquefied natural gas facilities located throughout the eastern region of the U.S.
Northern Natural, based in Nebraska, operates the largest interstate natural gas pipeline system in the U.S., as measured by pipeline miles, reaching from west Texas to Michigan’s Upper Peninsula. Northern Natural’s pipeline system consists of approximately 14,200 miles of natural gas pipelines. Northern Natural’s extensive pipeline system, which is interconnected with many interstate and intrastate pipelines in the national grid system, has access to supplies from multiple major supply basins and provides transportation services to utilities and numerous other customers. Northern Natural also operates three underground natural gas storage facilities and two liquefied natural gas storage peaking units.