the repayment of debt issued by BNSF, BHE or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates.
In the first quarter of 2025, our diverse group of businesses generated net operating cash flows of $10.9 billion. Our consolidated capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment and equipment held for lease were $4.3 billion in the first quarter of 2025, which included capital expenditures by BNSF and BHE of $2.8 billion. BNSF and BHE maintain very large investments in capital assets (property, plant and equipment) and regularly make significant capital expenditures in the normal course of business. Forecasted capital expenditures for BHE and BNSF over the remainder of 2025 are approximately $11.9 billion.
Contractual Obligations
We are party to other contracts associated with ongoing business activities, which will result in cash payments to counterparties in future periods. Certain obligations are included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, such as borrowings, operating lease liabilities and shared aircraft repurchase liabilities.
We are also obligated to pay claims arising from property and casualty contracts issued by our insurance subsidiaries, including amounts from retroactive reinsurance. However, the timing and amount of the payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts are contingent upon the outcome of future events. Actual payments will likely vary, perhaps materially, from any forecasted payments, as well as from the liabilities recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We anticipate that these payments will be funded by operating cash flows.
Other obligations pertaining to the acquisition of goods or services in the future, such as certain purchase obligations, are not currently reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements and will be recognized in future periods as the goods are delivered or services are provided. Except as otherwise disclosed in this Quarterly Report, our contractual obligations as of March 31, 2025 were, in the aggregate, not materially different from those disclosed in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” contained in Berkshire’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
44
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Critical Accounting Estimates
Certain accounting policies require us to make estimates and judgments in determining the amounts reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Such estimates and judgments necessarily involve varying and possibly significant degrees of uncertainty. Accordingly, certain amounts currently recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements will likely be adjusted in the future based on new available information and changes in other facts and circumstances. Reference is made to “Critical Accounting Estimates” discussed in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included in Berkshire’s Annual