commissions. These tariff-based revenues are mainly comprised of energy, transmission, distribution and natural gas and have performance obligations to deliver energy products and services to customers which are satisfied over time as energy is delivered or services are provided. Such revenues are equivalent to the amounts we have the right to invoice and correspond directly with the value to the customer of the performance to date and include billed and unbilled amounts. Payments from customers are generally due within 30 days of billing. Rates charged for regulated energy products and services are established by regulators or contractual arrangements that establish the transaction price, as well as the allocation of price among the separate performance obligations. When preliminary regulated rates are permitted to be billed prior to final approval by the applicable regulator, certain revenue collected may be subject to refund and a liability for estimated refunds is accrued.
Other service revenues derive from contracts with customers in which performance obligations are satisfied over time, where customers receive and consume benefits as we perform the services or at a point in time when the services are completed. Other service revenues primarily derive from real estate brokerage, construction management and consulting, automotive repair, aircraft management, aviation training, franchising activities and news distribution.
Leasing revenue is generally recognized ratably over the term of the lease or based on usage, if applicable under the terms of the contract. A substantial portion of our lessor contracts are classified as operating leases.
(p)
Losses and loss adjustment expenses
We record liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses under property and casualty insurance and reinsurance contracts for loss events that have occurred on or before the balance sheet date. Such liabilities represent the undiscounted estimated ultimate payment amounts.
We base liability estimates on (1) loss reports from policyholders and cedents, (2) individual case estimates and (3) estimates of incurred but not reported losses. Losses and loss adjustment expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings include paid claims, claim settlement costs and changes in estimated claim liabilities. Losses and loss adjustment expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings are stated net of amounts recovered and estimates of amounts recoverable ceded under reinsurance contracts. Reinsurance contracts do not relieve the ceding company of its obligations to indemnify policyholders with respect to the underlying insurance and reinsurance contracts.
(q)
Retroactive reinsurance contracts
We record liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses under short-duration retroactive reinsurance contracts consistent with property and casualty contracts described in Note 1(p). With respect to retroactive reinsurance contracts, we also record deferred