August 16, 2020 (“Beachie Creek Fire”), approximately three weeks prior to the September 2020 wind event described above. In March 2025, PacifiCorp received the ODF’s final investigation report on the Santiam Canyon fires (“ODF’s Report”), which concluded that embers from the pre-existing Beachie Creek Fire caused
12
fires within the Santiam Canyon. The ODF’s Report also found that PacifiCorp’s power lines did not contribute to the overall spread of fire into the Santiam Canyon even though its power lines ignited seven spot fires within the Santiam Canyon that were each suppressed.
The Beachie Creek fire that spread into the Santiam Canyon burned approximately
193,000
acres; the South Obenchain fire burned approximately
33,000
acres; the Echo Mountain Complex fire burned approximately
3,000
acres; and the 242 fire burned approximately
14,000
acres. The James cases described below are associated with the Beachie Creek (Santiam Canyon), South Obenchain, Echo Mountain Complex and 242 fires, which are four distinct fires located hundreds of miles apart.
On September 30, 2020, a class action complaint against PacifiCorp was filed captioned Jeanyne James et al. v. PacifiCorp et al. (“
James
”), in Oregon Circuit Court in Multnomah County, Oregon (the “Multnomah Court”) in connection with the 2020 Wildfires. In November 2021, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint to limit the class to include Oregon citizens allegedly impacted by the Santiam Canyon, Echo Mountain Complex, South Obenchain and 242 wildfires, as well as to add claims for noneconomic damages. The amended complaint alleged that PacifiCorp’s assets contributed to the Oregon wildfires occurring on or after September 7, 2020, and that PacifiCorp acted with gross negligence, among other things, seeking damages not less than $
600
million of economic damages and in excess of $
1
billion of noneconomic damages for the plaintiffs and the class. Numerous cases were consolidated into the original
James
complaint.
Between April 2024 and January 2025,
six
separate mass complaints against PacifiCorp naming
1,591
individual class members were filed in the Multnomah Court referencing the
James
case as the lead case. Complaints for
five
of the plaintiffs in the mass complaints were subsequently dismissed. These
James
case mass complaints make damages-only allegations seeking economic, noneconomic and punitive damages, as well as doubling of economic damages. In December 2024,
two
additional complaints were filed in Multnomah Court on behalf of
eight
plaintiffs also referencing the
James
case as the lead case. PacifiCorp believes the magnitude of damages sought by the class members in the
James
case mass complaints and additional
two
complaints to be of remote likelihood of being awarded based on the amounts awarded in the jury verdicts described below that are being appealed.
In January, April and June 2024, the Multnomah Court entered limited judgments and money awards for the
James
jury verdicts