Dollar denominated contracts. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates produced losses of $49 million in the first quarter of 2025 and were insignificant in the first quarter of 2024. Pre-tax underwriting losses before foreign currency effects were $150 million in the first quarter of 2025 and $149 million in 2024. Periodic payment annuity liabilities were $14.4 billion at March 31, 2025, including liabilities of $4.0 billion for contracts without life contingencies and the effects of discount rate changes recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.
Variable annuity
Our variable annuity guarantee reinsurance contracts produced pre-tax losses of $37 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to earnings of $94 million in 2024. Earnings are affected by changes in securities markets, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. These contracts have been in run-off for many years.
33
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Insurance—Investment Income
A summary of net investment income attributable to our insurance operations follows (dollars in millions).
Interest and other investment income in the first quarter of 2025 increased $588 million (30.5%) compared to 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in U.S. Treasury Bills and other short-term investment balances, partially offset by lower interest rates. We continue to believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments.
Dividend income in the first quarter of 2025 declined $179 million (14.7%) compared to 2024. The decline was primarily due to net dispositions of equity securities, partially offset by higher dividend rates on certain of our holdings. Dividend income also varies from period to period due to changes in the investment portfolio and the frequency and timing of dividends from certain investees.
Invested assets of our insurance businesses derive from shareholder capital and net liabilities assumed under insurance contracts or “float.” The major components of float are unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including liabilities under retroactive reinsurance contracts, life, annuity and health benefit liabilities, unearned premiums and certain other liabilities, which are reduced by insurance premiums receivable, reinsurance receivables, deferred charges assumed under retroactive reinsurance contracts and deferred policy acquisition costs. The effect of discount rate changes on long-duration insurance contracts, recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, are excluded from float, as such amounts are not included in earnings in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
Float was approximately $173 billion at March 31, 2025 and $171 billion at December 31, 2024. The cost of float is measured as the ratio of pre-tax underwriting earnings to float balances. Our combined insurance operations generated pre-tax