restaurants and casual dining restaurants. McLane’s major customers during 2024 included Walmart (approximately 17.3% of revenues); 7-Eleven (approximately 13.2% of revenues); and Yum! Brands (approximately 12.5% of revenues). McLane’s business model is based on a high volume of sales, rapid inventory turnover and stringent expense controls. Operations are divided into three business units: retail distribution, restaurant distribution and beverage distribution.
McLane’s retail distribution unit, based in Temple, Texas, maintains a dominant market share within the convenience store industry and serves most of the national convenience store chains and major oil company retail outlets. Retail operations provide products to approximately 46,400 retail locations nationwide. McLane’s retail distribution unit operates 26 distribution facilities in 20 states.
McLane’s restaurant distribution unit, based in Carrollton, Texas, focuses on serving the quick service and casual dining restaurant industry with high quality, timely-delivered products. Operations are conducted through 45 facilities in 22 states. The restaurant distribution unit services approximately 32,000 restaurants nationwide.
Through its subsidiaries, McLane also operates wholesale distributors of distilled spirits, wine and beer. The beverage unit operates as Empire Distributors, with operations conducted through 14 distribution centers in Georgia, North Carolina, Tennessee and Colorado. Empire Distributors services approximately 30,200 retail locations in the Southeastern U.S. and Colorado. McLane had approximately 24,800 employees at the end of 2024.
Service and Retailing Businesses
Service Businesses
Berkshire’s service businesses provide professional aviation training programs, shared aircraft ownership programs and distribution of electronic components. Additionally, service businesses include franchising and servicing of quick service restaurants, media businesses (television and information distribution), as well as logistics services businesses. Berkshire’s service businesses employed approximately 30,400 people at the end of 2024. Information regarding each of these operations follows.
FlightSafety
FlightSafety International Inc. (“FlightSafety”) is an industry leading provider of professional aviation training services and flight simulation products. FlightSafety and FlightSafety Textron Aviation Training, a joint venture with Textron, provide high technology training to pilots, aircraft maintenance technicians, flight attendants and dispatchers who operate and support a wide variety of business, commercial and military aircraft. The training is provided using a large fleet of advanced full flight simulators at learning centers and training locations in the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Japan, Norway, Singapore, South Africa and the U.K. Compliance with applicable environmental regulations is an inherent requirement to operate the facilities. The vast majority of the