Employees Insurance Company and several other insurance entities. The GEICO insurance subsidiaries’ principal business is the sale of private passenger automobile insurance to individuals in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. GEICO subsidiaries also sell insurance for motorcycles, all-terrain vehicles, recreational vehicles, boats and small commercial automobile fleets. Marketing is primarily through direct response methods in which applications for insurance are submitted directly to the companies via the Internet or by telephone, and to a lesser extent, through captive agents. GEICO also operates an insurance agency that offers insurance written by third parties for individuals desiring insurance coverages that are not sold by GEICO insurance subsidiaries, such as homeowners, renters, condominium, life and identity protection insurance.
GEICO competes for private passenger automobile insurance customers in the preferred, standard and non-standard risk markets with other companies that sell directly to the customer and with companies that use agency sales forces, including State Farm, Progressive, Allstate and USAA. According to the A.M. Best data for 2023 published in 2024, the five largest automobile insurers had a combined market share of approximately 62.3% based on written premiums, with GEICO’s market share being the third largest at approximately 12.3%.
Seasonal variations in GEICO’s insurance business are not significant. However, extraordinary weather conditions or other events and factors may have a significant effect upon the frequency or severity of automobile claims.
GEICO’s insurance policies are written on an admitted basis. State insurance departments stringently regulate private passenger auto insurance policies and rates. Competition for private passenger automobile insurance tends to focus on price and level of customer service provided. GEICO’s cost-efficient direct response marketing methods and emphasis on customer satisfaction enable it to offer competitive rates and value to its customers. GEICO primarily uses its own claims staff to manage and settle claims. GEICO’s name and other trademarks are considered material assets and are protected through appropriate registrations.
Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group
—The Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group (“BH Primary”) is a collection of independently managed insurers that provide a wide variety of insurance coverages to policyholders located principally in the U.S. Nearly 90% of BH Primary premiums written in 2024 were in the U.S., of which approximately 60% was written on an admitted basis, with the remainder written on a non-admitted basis. These various operations are discussed below.
K-
3
National Indemnity Company (“NICO”), domiciled in Nebraska, and certain affiliates (“NICO Primary”) underwrite commercial automobile and general liability insurance on an admitted basis and on an excess and surplus lines basis. Insurance coverage is offered nationwide primarily