issued under the Federal Power Act. MEC is also subject to regulation by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission pursuant to the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended, with respect to its 25% ownership of the Quad Cities Nuclear Station.
With certain limited exceptions, the U.S. utilities have an exclusive right to serve retail customers within their service territories and, in turn, have an obligation to provide service to those customers. In some jurisdictions, certain classes of customers may choose to purchase all or a portion of their energy from alternative energy suppliers, and in some jurisdictions retail customers can generate all or a portion of their own energy. Historically, state regulatory commissions have established retail electric and natural gas rates on a cost-of-service basis, which are designed to allow a utility the opportunity to recover what each state regulatory commission deems to be the utility’s reasonable costs of providing services, including the opportunity to earn a fair and reasonable return on its investments based on its cost of debt and equity. The retail electric rates of U.S. utilities are generally based on the cost of providing traditional bundled services, including generation, transmission and distribution services; however, rates are available for transmission-only and distribution-only services.
Northern Powergrid (Northeast) plc and Northern Powergrid (Yorkshire) plc each charge fees for the use of their distribution systems that are controlled by a formula prescribed by the Gas and Electricity Markets Authority, the British electricity regulatory body. The current electricity distribution price control runs from April 1, 2023 through March 31, 2028.
AltaLink is regulated by the Alberta Utilities Commission (“AUC”), pursuant to the Electric Utilities Act (Alberta), the Public Utilities Act (Alberta), the Alberta Utilities Commission Act (Alberta) and the Hydro and Electric Energy Act (Alberta). The AUC is an independent quasi-judicial agency, which regulates and oversees Alberta’s electricity transmission sector with broad authority that may impact many of AltaLink’s activities, including its tariffs, rates, construction, operations and financing. Under the Electric Utilities Act, AltaLink prepares and files applications with the AUC for approval of tariffs to be paid by the Alberta Electric System Operator (“AESO”) for the use of its transmission facilities, and the terms and conditions governing the use of those facilities. The AESO is an independent system operator in Alberta, Canada that oversees Alberta’s integrated electrical system (“AIES”) and wholesale electricity market. The AESO is responsible for directing the safe, reliable and economic operation of the AIES, including long-term transmission system planning.
The natural gas pipelines are subject to regulation by various federal and state agencies. The natural gas pipeline and storage operations of BHE GT&S, Northern Natural and Kern River are