aggregate program limit of $100 billion on the amount of the federal reinsurance coverage for each TRIA year.
K-
2
The extent of insurance regulation varies widely among the countries where Berkshire’s non-U.S. operations conduct business. Each country imposes licensing, solvency, risk management and financial reporting requirements, although the type and extent of the requirements may differ substantially by jurisdiction.
Significant variations can also be found in the size, structure and resources of the local non-U.S. regulatory departments that oversee insurance activities. Certain regulators maintain close relationships with subject insurers and others operate a risk-based approach.
Berkshire’s non-U.S. insurance operations are conducted through subsidiaries and branches of subsidiaries. Non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries are primarily located in Germany, Ireland, the United Kingdom (“U.K.”), Australia and South Africa, and branches are also maintained in several other countries. Most of these foreign jurisdictions impose local capital requirements. Other legal requirements involve discretionary licensing procedures, risk management and governance requirements, local retention of funds and records, and data privacy and protection programs. Berkshire’s international insurance companies are also subject to multinational application of certain U.S. laws. There are various regulatory bodies and initiatives that impact Berkshire in multiple international jurisdictions, and the potential for significant effect on the Berkshire insurance group could be heightened due to industry and economic developments.
Berkshire’s insurance underwriting operations include the following groups: (1) GEICO, (2) Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group and (3) Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group. Alleghany Corporation (“Alleghany”), based in New York, New York, was acquired by Berkshire on October 19, 2022. Alleghany’s operating subsidiaries include property and casualty reinsurance and insurance businesses. Alleghany’s primary insurance businesses are included in the Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group and its reinsurance businesses are included in the Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group.
Except for retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity products, which generate significant amounts of up-front premiums along with estimated claims expected to be paid over long time periods (creating “float,” see Investments section), Berkshire expects to achieve an underwriting profit over time and that its managers will reject inadequately priced risks. Underwriting profit is defined as earned premiums less incurred insurance losses and benefits, loss adjustment expenses and policy acquisition and other underwriting expenses. Underwriting profit does not include income earned from investments. Additional information related to each of Berkshire’s underwriting groups follows.
GEICO
—GEICO is headquartered in Chevy Chase, Maryland. GEICO’s insurance subsidiaries include Government