traditional property/casualty reinsurance on both an excess-of-loss and a quota-share basis, catastrophe excess-of-loss treaty and facultative reinsurance, and primary insurance on an excess-of-loss basis for very large or unusual risks. The type and volume of business written by the NICO Group may vary significantly from period to period resulting from changes in perceived premium rate adequacy and from unique or large transactions. A significant portion of NICO Group’s annual reinsurance premium derived from a 20% quota-share agreement with Insurance Australia Group Limited (“IAG”). This quota-share agreement expires December 31, 2029. IAG is a multi-line insurer in Australia, New Zealand and other Asia-Pacific countries.
The General Re Group is a global property and casualty reinsurance business. Reinsurance contracts are written on both a quota-share and excess-of-loss basis for multiple lines of business. Contracts are primarily in the form of treaties, and to a lesser degree, on a facultative basis. The General Re Group conducts business in North America, primarily marketed on a direct basis through General Reinsurance Corporation (“GRC”), which is licensed in the District of Columbia and all states, except Hawaii, where it is an accredited reinsurer. GRC also conducts operations in North America through numerous branch offices in the U.S. and Canada.
In North America, the General Re Group includes General Star National Insurance Company, General Star Indemnity Company and Genesis Insurance Company, which offer a broad array of specialty and surplus lines and property, casualty and professional liability coverages. These companies offer solutions for the unique needs of public entity, commercial and captive customers and their business is marketed through a select group of wholesale brokers, managing general underwriters and program administrators.
The General Re Group’s international reinsurance business is primarily written on a direct basis through General Reinsurance AG, based in Cologne, Germany, and subsidiaries and branches in numerous other countries, as well as through brokers by Faraday Corporate Capital Limited, which participates in the Lloyd’s of London market through Syndicate 435.
The TransRe Group provides quota-share and excess-of-loss reinsurance across various property and casualty lines of business. Contracts are written on both a treaty and facultative basis to insurance companies in the U.S. and in foreign markets through subsidiaries and branches in numerous countries. Business is written primarily through brokers, and to a lesser extent on a direct basis.
Life/health
The General Re Group also conducts a global life and health reinsurance business. In 2024, net premiums written were primarily in the Asia-Pacific, U.S. and Western Europe regions. The General Re Group underwrites life, disability, supplemental health, critical illness and long-term care risks on a direct basis.
Berkshire Hathaway Life Insurance Company