1.1
billion from the Southern California wildfires. There were
no
significant catastrophe events in the first quarter of 2024.
We recorded net reductions of estimated ultimate liabilities for prior accident years’ claims of $
163
million in the first quarter of 2025 and $
634
million in the first quarter of 2024, which reduced losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred in those periods. These reductions, as percentages of the net liabilities at the beginning of each year, were
0.1
% in 2025 and
0.6
% in 2024.
Our primary insurance businesses recorded net increases in prior accident years’ estimated ultimate claim liabilities of $
167
million in the first quarter of 2025, primarily attributable to increased loss estimates for casualty exposures, partly offset by lower loss estimates for property coverages. Our primary insurance businesses reduced estimated losses for prior accident years in the first quarter of 2024 by $
248
million, which derived primarily from lower estimates for medical professional liability and property coverages. Our reinsurance businesses recorded net reductions of estimated ultimate liabilities for prior accident years in the first quarter of $
330
million in 2025 and $
386
million in 2024. These reductions were primarily attributable to lower estimates for property coverages.
Note 14. Retroactive reinsurance contracts
Retroactive reinsurance policies provide indemnification of losses and loss adjustment expenses of short-duration insurance contracts with respect to underlying loss events that occurred prior to the contract inception date. Exposures include significant asbestos, environmental and other mass tort claims. Retroactive reinsurance contracts are generally subject to aggregate policy limits and thus, our exposure to such claims under these contracts is likewise limited.
Reconciliations of the changes in estimated liabilities for retroactive reinsurance unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses follow (in millions).
We classify incurred and paid losses and loss adjustment expenses based on the inception dates of the contracts, which reflect when our exposure to losses began. Substantially all of the losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred and paid related to contracts written in prior years. Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred include changes in estimated ultimate liabilities and related adjustments to deferred charge assets arising from the changes in the estimated timing and amount of loss payments. Deferred charge assets on retroactive reinsurance contracts were $
8.6
billion at March 31, 2025 and $
8.8
billion at December 31, 2024.
Note 15. Long-duration insurance contracts
A summary of our long-duration life, annuity and health insurance benefits liabilities disaggregated by our principal product categories follows (in millions).
15
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 15. Long-duration insurance contracts
Reconciliations of the liabilities for each of our principal product