mining assets that support certain of BHE’s electric generating facilities. Properties of BHE’s natural gas businesses include natural gas distribution facilities, interstate pipelines, storage facilities, liquefied natural gas facilities, compressor stations and meter stations. The transmission and distribution assets are primarily within each of BHE’s utility service territories. In addition to these physical assets, BHE has rights-of-way, mineral rights and water rights that enable BHE to utilize its facilities. Pursuant to separate financing agreements, the majority of these properties are pledged or encumbered to support or otherwise provide the security for the related subsidiary debt. BHE or its affiliates own or have interests in the following types of operating electric generating facilities at December 31, 2024:
(1)
Facility Net Capacity in megawatts (MW) represents the lesser of nominal ratings or any limitations under applicable interconnection, power purchase, or other agreements for intermittent resources and the total net dependable capability available during summer conditions for all other units. An intermittent resource’s nominal rating is the manufacturer’s contractually specified capability (in MW) under specified conditions. Net Owned Capacity indicates BHE’s ownership of Facility Net Capacity.
As of December 31, 2024, BHE’s subsidiaries also have electric generating facilities that are under construction in Wyoming, Nevada, West Virginia and California having total Facility Net Capacity and Net Owned Capacity of 1,085 MW. BHE’s subsidiaries also have battery energy storage systems in Nevada, Montana, West Virginia and Oregon having total Facility Net Capacity and Net Owned Capacity in operation of 320 MW and under construction of 527 MW.
PacifiCorp, MEC and NV Energy own electric transmission and distribution systems, including approximately 28,300 miles of transmission lines and approximately 1,660 substations, and gas distribution facilities, including approximately 28,700 miles of gas mains and service lines.
The BHE GT&S pipeline system consists of approximately 5,400 miles of natural gas transmission, gathering and storage pipelines located in portions of Maryland, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia, South Carolina and Georgia. Storage services are provided through the operation of 17 underground natural gas storage fields located in Pennsylvania, West Virginia and New York. BHE GT&S also operates, as the general partner, and holds a 75% limited partnership interest in one liquefied natural gas export, import and storage facility in Maryland and operates and has interests in three smaller liquefied natural gas facilities in Alabama, Florida and Pennsylvania.
K-
29
Northern Natural’s pipeline system consists of approximately 14,200 miles of natural gas pipelines, including approximately 5,800 miles of mainline transmission pipelines and approximately 8,400 miles of branch and lateral pipelines.