earnings from non-controlled businesses.
The tabular information that follows shows data of Berkshire’s business segments reconciled to amounts reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Intersegment transactions are not eliminated from segment results when those transactions are considered in assessing the results of the respective segments and are not considered to be material. Furthermore, investment gains and losses, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairments and amortization of certain acquisition accounting adjustments or certain other corporate income and expense items are not considered in assessing the financial performance of operating businesses. Collectively, these items are included in corporate, eliminations and other to reconcile segment totals to consolidated amounts.
The cost and expense information provided is based on the information regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker. Given the number and diversity of Berkshire’s operating segments and the differences in revenue streams and cost structures, there are wide variances in the form, content and levels of such expense information significant to the business. Expenses considered significant for one operating segment may not be significant in others.
With respect to insurance underwriting, the chief operating decision maker considers pre-tax underwriting earnings to allocate resources and capital, together with perceived risks and opportunities in the insurance markets that affect rates and risks of loss. Typically, there are no budgeted or forecasted premiums or underwriting results.
For most non-insurance businesses, pre-tax earnings are considered in allocating resources and capital, although income taxes are also considered at BHE, given the magnitude of production tax credits associated with wind-powered electricity generation investments and the related impacts from regulation. The chief operating decision maker generally considers actual operating results versus budgets or forecasts, as well as unique perceived risks and opportunities associated with the individual operating businesses.
K-
109
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(26)
Business segment data
We view our insurance segment as possessing
two
distinct activities – underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the underwriting managers, while investment decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire’s CEO and other corporate investment managers. Accordingly, performance of underwriting operations is evaluated without any allocation of investment income. As such, the insurance net investment income is presented in the aggregate as a separate component of insurance segment operating earnings. Earnings data of our business segments for each of the three years ended December 31, 2024 are shown in the following tables (in millions).
Insurance other segment items include commissions and brokerage expenses and other insurance underwriting