external penetration testing, attack simulations, vulnerability assessments, cybersecurity program reviews and other audits designed to investigate specific risks.
The frequency of these updates is determined by the Audit Committee in conjunction with Berkshire’s senior management.
In addition to the Audit Committee’s oversight,
the
senior management
of Berkshire’s Businesses Groups are responsible for the day-to-day operations of protecting their businesses’ information systems.
Each Business Group is required to
report significant cybersecurity events to Berkshire
. Berkshire’s senior management reviews incident reports to determine whether a cyber incident report should be filed with the SEC.
Item 2. Descriptio
n of Properties
The properties used by Berkshire’s business segments are summarized in this section. Berkshire’s railroad and utilities and energy businesses, in particular, utilize considerable physical assets in their businesses.
Burlington Northern Santa Fe
Through BNSF Railway, BNSF operates over 32,500 route miles of track (excluding multiple main tracks, yard tracks and sidings) in 28 states, and also operates in three Canadian provinces. BNSF owns over 23,000 route miles, including easements, and operates over 9,000 route miles of trackage rights that permit BNSF to operate its trains with its crews over other railroads’ tracks. As of December 31, 2024, the total BNSF Railway system, including single and multiple main tracks, yard tracks and sidings, consisted of over 50,000 operated miles of track.
BNSF operates various facilities and equipment to support its transportation system, including its infrastructure, locomotives and freight cars. It also owns or leases other equipment to support rail operations, such as vehicles. Support facilities for rail operations include yards and terminals throughout its rail network, system locomotive shops to perform locomotive servicing and maintenance, a centralized network operations center for train dispatching and network operations monitoring and management, computers, telecommunications equipment, signal systems and other support systems. Transfer facilities are maintained for rail-to-rail as well as intermodal transfer of containers, trailers and other freight traffic and include approximately 25 intermodal hubs located across the system. BNSF owns or holds under non-cancelable leases exceeding one year approximately 6,800 locomotives and 71,400 freight cars, in addition to maintenance of way and other equipment.
In the ordinary course of business, BNSF incurs significant costs in repairing and maintaining its properties. In 2024, BNSF recorded approximately $2.4 billion in repairs and maintenance expense.
K-
28
Berkshire Hathaway Energy
BHE’s energy properties consist of the physical assets necessary to support its electricity and natural gas businesses. Properties of BHE’s electricity businesses include electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, as well as coal