impairment at least annually and when events or changes in circumstances indicate that, more likely-than-not, the asset is impaired. When the asset carrying value exceeds fair value, the excess is charged to earnings as an impairment loss. Significant judgment is required in estimating fair values and evaluating goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. We amortize intangible assets with finite lives in a pattern that reflects the expected consumption of related economic benefits or on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic useful lives. Intangible assets with finite lives are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
(o)
Revenue recognition
We earn insurance premiums on prospective property/casualty insurance and reinsurance contracts over the loss exposure or coverage period in proportion to the level of protection provided. We earn such premiums, in most cases ratably, over the term of the contract with unearned premiums computed on a monthly or daily pro-rata basis. Premiums on retroactive property/casualty reinsurance contracts are normally received in full and are fully earned at the inception of the contracts, as all underlying loss events covered by the policies occurred prior to contract inception. Premiums for life reinsurance and periodic payment annuity contracts are earned when due. Premiums for periodic payment annuity contracts are received in full and fully earned at the inception of the contracts. Premiums earned are stated net of amounts ceded to reinsurers. Premiums earned on contracts with experience-rating provisions reflect estimated loss experience under such contracts.
Sales and service revenues are recognized when goods or services are transferred to a customer. A good or service is transferred when (or as) the customer obtains control of that good or service. Revenues are based on the consideration we expect to receive in connection with our promises to deliver goods and services to our customers.
We manufacture and/or distribute a wide variety of industrial, building and consumer products. We also sell fuels, including diesel, gasoline and related products, on a retail and wholesale basis.
Our sales contracts provide customers with products directly or through wholesale and retail channels in exchange for consideration specified under the contracts. Contracts generally represent customer orders for individual products at stated prices. Sales contracts may contain either single or multiple performance obligations. In instances where contracts contain multiple performance obligations, we allocate the revenue to each obligation based on the relative stand-alone selling prices of each product or service.
Sales revenues reflect reductions for returns, allowances, late delivery penalties, volume discounts and other incentives, some of which may be contingent on future events. In certain customer contracts, sales