also reclassified the balances within the affected Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. These reclassifications conform presentations for comparability to presentations in 2024. These reclassifications had no effect on consolidated total assets, liabilities, shareholders’ equity, revenues, expenses, or on net earnings or cash flows from the amounts previously reported. See Note 1(y) for a summary of the reclassifications.
We continue to believe that reporting the railroad, utilities and energy subsidiaries separately in our Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Earnings is appropriate, given relative significance of property, plant and equipment, capital expenditures and debt. Further, these subsidiaries are not supported by Berkshire debt guarantees or other financial commitments.
(b)
Use of estimates in preparation of financial statements
We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”), which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of certain assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date and the reported amounts of certain revenues and expenses during the period. Our estimates of unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses for property and casualty insurance claims are subject to considerable estimation error due to the inherent uncertainty in projecting ultimate claim costs. In addition, estimates and assumptions associated with determinations of deferred charges on retroactive reinsurance contracts, fair values of certain financial instruments and evaluations of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment require considerable judgment. Additionally, significant estimates may be required in the evaluation of certain other long-lived assets for impairments and the recognition of expected credit losses on amounts owed to us. Estimates may be subject to significant adjustments in future periods due to ongoing macroeconomic and geopolitical events, as well as changes in industry or company-specific factors or events. Actual results may differ from the estimates used in preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements.
(c)
Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments in U.S. Treasury Bills
Cash equivalents consist of demand deposit and money market accounts and investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased. Short-term investments in U.S. Treasury Bills have maturities exceeding three months and less than one year at the time of purchase.
K-
71
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(1)
Significant accounting policies and practices
(d)
Investments in fixed maturity securities
We classify investments in fixed maturity securities on the acquisition date and at each balance sheet date. Securities classified as held-to-maturity are carried at amortized cost, reflecting the ability and intent to hold the securities to maturity. Securities