(in millions).
Note 22. Contingencies and commitments
We are parties in a variety of legal actions that routinely arise out of the normal course of business, including legal actions seeking to establish liability directly through insurance contracts or indirectly through reinsurance contracts issued by Berkshire subsidiaries. Plaintiffs occasionally seek punitive or exemplary damages. We do not believe that such normal and routine litigation will have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
PacifiCorp, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company (“BHE”), operates as a regulated electric utility in Utah, Oregon, Wyoming and other Western states. HomeServices of America, Inc. (“HomeServices”) is also a wholly-owned subsidiary of BHE. Certain legal matters related to these entities are described below.
PacifiCorp
In September 2020, a severe weather event with high winds, low humidity and warm temperatures contributed to several major wildfires, which resulted in real and personal property and natural resource damage, personal injuries, loss of life and widespread power outages in Oregon and Northern California. These wildfires spread across certain parts of PacifiCorp’s service territory and surrounding areas across multiple counties in Oregon and California, including Siskiyou County, California; Jackson County, Oregon; Douglas County, Oregon; Marion County, Oregon; Lincoln County, Oregon; and Klamath County, Oregon, burning over
500,000
acres in aggregate and included the Santiam Canyon, Beachie Creek, South Obenchain, Echo Mountain Complex, 242, Archie Creek, Slater and other fires. The Slater fire occurred in both Oregon and California. Third-party reports for these wildfires (the “2020 Wildfires”) indicate over
2,000
structures destroyed, including residences; several other structures damaged; multiple individuals injured; and several fatalities.
A significant number of complaints and demands alleging similar claims have been filed in Oregon and California, including a class action complaint in Oregon associated with the 2020 Wildfires for which certain jury verdicts were issued as described below. The plaintiffs seek damages for economic losses, noneconomic losses, including mental suffering, emotional distress, personal injury and loss of life, as well as punitive damages, other damages and attorneys’ fees. Several insurance carriers have filed subrogation complaints in Oregon and California with allegations similar to those made in the aforementioned complaints.
Additionally, PacifiCorp received correspondence from the U.S. and Oregon Departments of Justice regarding the potential recovery of certain costs and damages alleged to have occurred on federal and state lands in connection with certain of the 2020 Wildfires. In December 2024, the United States of America filed a complaint against PacifiCorp in conjunction with the correspondence from the U.S. Department of Justice. The civil cover