approximately $700 million. Clayton sells off-site built homes through independent and company-owned home centers, realtors and subdivision channels. Clayton considers its ability to offer financing to retail purchasers a factor affecting the marketplace acceptance of its off-site built homes. Clayton’s financing programs utilize proprietary loan underwriting guidelines to evaluate loan applicants.
Clayton’s site-built division, Clayton Properties Group (“CPG”), includes nine builders across 18 states with nearly 300 subdivisions, supplementing the portfolio of housing products offered to customers. CPG owned and controlled approximately 66,000 homesites, with a home order backlog of approximately $1.46 billion as of December 2024.
Access to key housing inputs, including lumber, steel and resin products, was adequate in 2023 and 2024. Historically, the availability and pricing of these and other inputs has been volatile resulting in input shortages.
Clayton’s off-site home building business is impacted by changes in U.S. home mortgage interest rates. While interest rates slightly declined in the latter part of 2024, interest rates significantly increased during 2022 and 2023, slowing demand for new home construction, which was partially mitigated by low supplies of pre-existing homes for sale.
Clayton’s home building business regularly makes capital and non-capital expenditures with respect to compliance with federal, state and local environmental regulations, primarily related to erosion control, permitting and stormwater protection for site-built home subdivisions. The financing business originates and services loans which are federally regulated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, various state regulatory agencies and reviewed by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Government National Mortgage Association and government-sponsored enterprises.
K-
15
Shaw
Shaw Industries Group, Inc. (“Shaw”), headquartered in Dalton, Georgia, is a leading manufacturer and distributor of carpet, carpet tile and hard surface flooring products. Shaw designs and manufactures over 4,100 styles of tufted carpet, wood and resilient flooring for residential and commercial use under numerous brand and trade names and under certain private labels. Soft and hard surface products are available in a broad range of patterns, colors and textures. Shaw’s carpet manufacturing operations are fully integrated from the processing of raw materials used to make fiber through the carpet finishing. Shaw’s flooring business is primarily in the U.S. Shaw also manufactures carpet tile in China and the U.K. and distributes carpet tile throughout Europe and Southeast Asia. It manufactures or distributes a variety of hardwood, wood plastic composite, stone plastic composite, vinyl and laminate floor products (collectively, “hard surfaces”). Shaw’s Integrated Solutions business also provides project management and installation services.
Shaw also operates Shaw