share. The warrants are exercisable in whole or in part until
one year
after the date the preferred stock is fully redeemed.
As of December 31, 2024
, we owned
151.6
million shares of American Express Company (“American Express”) common stock representing
21.6
% of the outstanding common stock of American Express. Since 1995, we have been party to an agreement with American Express whereby we agreed to vote a significant portion of our shares in accordance with the recommendations of the American Express Board of Directors. We have also agreed to passivity commitments as requested by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, which collectively, in our judgment, restrict our ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of American Express. Accordingly, we do not use the equity method with respect to our investment in American Express common stock and we continue to record our investment at fair value.
(5)
Equity method investments
Berkshire and its subsidiaries hold investments in certain businesses that are accounted for pursuant to the equity method. The most significant of these are our investments in the common stock of The Kraft Heinz Company (“Kraft Heinz”) and Occidental. We began acquiring common stock of Occidental in 2022 and our aggregate voting interest in Occidental common stock exceeded
20
% on August 4, 2022. We adopted the equity method as of that date. As of December 31, 2024, we owned
27.2
% of the Kraft Heinz outstanding common stock and
28.2
% of the outstanding Occidental common stock which excludes the potential effect of the exercise of Occidental’s outstanding common stock warrants.
Kraft Heinz manufactures and markets food and beverage products, including condiments and sauces, cheese and dairy, meals, meats, refreshment beverages, coffee and other grocery products. Occidental is an international energy company, whose activities include oil and natural gas exploration, development and production, and chemicals manufacturing businesses.
We also own a
50
% interest in Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC (“Berkadia”), which is included in other in the following table. Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (“Jefferies”) owns the other
50
% interest. Berkadia engages in mortgage banking, investment sales and servicing commercial/multi-family real estate loans. Berkadia’s commercial paper borrowing capacity (limited to $
1.5
billion) is supported by a surety policy issued by a Berkshire insurance subsidiary. Jefferies is obligated to indemnify us for one-half of any losses incurred under the policy.
The fair values and carrying values of these investments are included in the following table (in millions).
K-
82
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(5)
Equity method investments
Kraft Heinz and Occidental common stocks are publicly traded. As of December 31, 2024, the excess of our carrying value over the fair value of each of these investments based on their respective market prices