operating expenses declined $66 million (1.7%) in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024. Fuel expenses declined $84 million (9.8%) in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024, reflecting lower average fuel prices, partially offset by higher volumes. Purchased services expenses increased $34 million (6.9%) in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024, primarily due to higher volume related costs, cargo security investments and general inflation.
35
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
BHE
Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company (“BHE”) is a holding company with subsidiaries that primarily operate within the energy industry. BHE’s domestic regulated utility interests include PacifiCorp, MidAmerican Energy Company (“MEC”) and NV Energy. BHE’s natural gas pipelines consist of five domestic regulated interstate natural gas pipeline systems and a 75% interest in a liquefied natural gas export, import and storage facility (“Cove Point”). Other energy subsidiaries operate two regulated electricity distribution businesses in Great Britain (“Northern Powergrid”), a regulated electricity transmission-only business in Alberta, Canada, and a diversified portfolio of mostly renewable independent power projects and investments. Another BHE subsidiary, HomeServices of America, Inc. (“HomeServices”), operates a residential real estate brokerage business and a large network of real estate brokerage franchises in the United States.
The rates BHE’s regulated businesses charge customers for energy and services are largely based on the costs of business operations, including income taxes and a return on capital, and are subject to regulatory approval. To the extent such costs are not allowed in the approved rates, operating results will be adversely affected. A summary of BHE’s net earnings follows (dollars in millions).
——————
* Includes significant production tax credits primarily from wind-powered electricity generation.
The discussion of BHE’s operating results that follows is based on after-tax earnings, reflecting how the energy businesses are managed and evaluated. A summary of net earnings attributable to BHE follows (dollars in millions).
36
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
BHE
The U.S. utilities operate independently in several states, including Utah, Oregon, Wyoming and other Western states (PacifiCorp), Iowa and Illinois (MEC) and Nevada (NV Energy). Net earnings increased $52 million (13.8%) in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024, reflecting comparative increases in electric utility margin (operating revenue less cost of sales) and income tax benefits from recognized wind production tax credits ($40 million), partially offset by an increase in energy operating expenses and lower other income.
The U.S. utilities’ electric utility margin was $1.9 billion in the first quarter of 2025, an increase of $225 million (13.2%) compared to