methods for assets when the revenue-earning power of the asset is greater during the earlier years of its life.
We evaluate property, plant and equipment and equipment held for lease for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable or when the assets are held for sale. Upon the occurrence of a triggering event, we assess whether the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected from the use of the asset and the residual value from the ultimate disposal of the asset exceeds the carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds the estimated recoverable amounts, we reduce the carrying value to fair value and record an impairment loss in earnings, except with respect to impairment of assets of our regulated utility and energy subsidiaries where the impacts of regulation are considered in evaluating the carrying value.
(m)
Leases
We are party to contracts where we lease property from others. When we lease assets from others, we record right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. Right-of-use assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. In this regard, lease payments include fixed payments and variable payments that depend on an index or rate. The lease term is considered the non-cancellable lease period. Certain lease contracts contain renewal options or other terms that provide variable payments based on performance or usage. Options are not included in determining right-of-use assets or lease liabilities unless it is reasonably certain that options will be exercised. Generally, incremental borrowing rates are used in measuring lease liabilities. Right-of-use assets are subject to review for impairment. As permitted under GAAP, for some leases we do not separate lease components from non-lease components by class of asset and we do not record assets or liabilities for leases with terms of one year or less.
K-
74
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(1)
Significant accounting policies and practices
(n)
Goodwill and other intangible assets
Goodwill represents the excess of the acquisition price of a business over the acquisition date values of identified net assets of that business. We evaluate goodwill for impairment at least annually. When evaluating goodwill for impairment, we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit. Several methods may be used to estimate a reporting unit’s fair value, including market quotations, asset and liability fair values and other valuation techniques, including, but not limited to, discounted projected future net earnings or net cash flows and multiples of earnings. When the carrying amount of a reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds the estimated fair value, the excess up to the balance of goodwill is charged to earnings as an impairment loss.
Other intangible assets with indefinite lives are also tested for