could be material to our results of operations. We are unable to reliably estimate the amount of additional net loss or the range of net loss that is reasonably possible. Our e
stimates of ultimate liabilities for asbestos and environmental exposures under our contracts were approximately $
11.9
billion at December 31, 2024 and $
12.2
billion at December 31, 2023.
K-
96
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(18)
Long-duration insurance contracts
A summary of our long-duration life, annuity and health insurance benefits liabilities disaggregated by our two principal product categories, periodic payment annuity (
“annuities”) and life and health insurance, follows (in millions). Other liabilities include IBNR claims and claims in the course of settlement.
Reconciliations of the liabilities for each of our principal product categories for each of the two years ended December 31, 2024 follow. This information reflects the changes in discounted present values of expected future policy benefits and expected future net premiums before reinsurance ceded.
Net premiums represent the portion of expected gross premiums that are required to provide for future policy benefits and variable expenses. Amounts are in millions.
Liabilities for future policy benefits and reinsurance recoverables declined in 2024 primarily attributable to the commutations of certain life reinsurance contracts. The impacts of these contract commutations on expected future policy benefits and future net premiums were included in the effects of actual versus expected experience.
K-
97
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(18)
Long-duration insurance contracts
Other information relating to our long-duration insurance liabilities as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 follows (dollars in millions).
Gross premiums earned and interest expense before reinsurance ceded for each of the two years ended December 31, 2024 follows (in millions).
(19)
Notes payable and other borrowings
Notes payable and other borrowings of our insurance and other businesses are summarized below (dollars in millions). The weighted average interest rates and maturity date ranges are based on borrowings as of December 31, 2024.
Berkshire parent company borrowings consist of senior unsecured debt. In 2024, Berkshire repaid approximately
$
1.9
billion of maturing senior notes. At various dates in 2024, Berkshire borrowed approximately ¥
837.4
billion (approximately $
5.5
billion) under senior note issuances and term loan agreements. The borrowings have interest rates ranging from
0.974
% to
2.625
% and maturity dates ranging from
2027
to
2054
.
K-
98
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(19)
Notes payable and other borrowings
Borrowings of BHFC, a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of Berkshire, consist of senior unsecured notes used to fund manufactured housing loans originated or acquired and equipment held for lease of certain subsidiaries. BHFC borrowings are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by