borrowings as of March 31, 2025.
17
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 16. Notes payable and other borrowings
BHE subsidiary debt represents amounts issued pursuant to separate financing agreements. Substantially all of the assets of certain BHE subsidiaries are, or may be, pledged or encumbered to support or otherwise secure such debt. These borrowing arrangements generally contain various covenants, including covenants which pertain to leverage ratios, interest coverage ratios and/or debt service coverage ratios. In the first quarter of 2025, BHE subsidiaries issued $
2.4
billion of term debt, with a weighted average interest rate of
6.5
% and maturity dates ranging from
2035
to
2055
, and BHE and its subsidiaries repaid term debt and short-term borrowings of approximately $
890
million in the aggregate.
BNSF’s borrowings are primarily senior unsecured debentures. As of March 31, 2025, BHE, BNSF and their subsidiaries were in compliance with all applicable debt covenants. Berkshire does not guarantee any debt, borrowings or lines of credit of BHE, BNSF or their subsidiaries.
Unused and available lines of credit and commercial paper capacity to support operations and provide additional liquidity for our subsidiaries were approximately $
11.7
billion at March 31, 2025, of which approximately $
10.6
billion related to BHE and its subsidiaries.
Note 17. Fair value measurements
Our financial assets and liabilities are summarized below, with fair values shown according to the fair value hierarchy (in millions). The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury Bills, other receivables and accounts payable, accruals and other liabilities are considered to be reasonable estimates of or otherwise approximate the fair values.
——————
(1)
Assets are included in other assets, and liabilities are included in accounts payable, accruals and other liabilities.
18
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 17. Fair value measurements
The fair values of substantially all of our financial instruments were measured using market or income approaches. The hierarchy for measuring fair value consists of Levels 1 through 3, which are described below.
Level 1
– Inputs represent unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities exchanged in active markets.
Level 2
– Inputs include directly or indirectly observable inputs (other than Level 1 inputs) such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities exchanged in active or inactive markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities exchanged in inactive markets; other inputs that may be considered in fair value determinations of the assets or liabilities, such as interest rates and yield curves, volatilities, prepayment speeds, loss severities, credit risks and default rates; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. Pricing evaluations generally reflect discounted expected future cash flows,