Sacramento, California area.
Jordan’s operates a retail furniture business from eight locations with approximately 1 million square feet of retail space in stores located in Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, Maine and Connecticut. The retail stores are supported by an 800,000 square foot distribution center in Taunton, Massachusetts. Jordan’s is the largest furniture retailer, as measured by sales, in Massachusetts, Maine and New Hampshire and is well known in its markets for its unique store arrangements and advertising campaigns. Star operates home furnishings retail stores in Texas. Star’s retail facilities currently include about 700,000 square feet of retail space in 10 locations in Texas, including seven in Houston.
K-
22
Other
Other retailing businesses include three jewelry companies. Borsheim Jewelry Company, Inc. (“Borsheims”) operates from a single store in Omaha, Nebraska. Borsheims is a high-volume retailer of fine jewelry, watches, crystal, china, stemware, flatware, gifts and collectibles. Helzberg’s Diamond Shops, LLC (“Helzberg”) is based in North Kansas City, Missouri, and operates a chain of 163 retail jewelry stores in 34 states, which includes approximately 350,000 square feet of retail space. Helzberg’s stores are located in malls, outlet malls and other retail venues, and operate under the name Helzberg Diamonds® or Helzberg Diamonds Outlet®. Ben Bridge Jeweler (“Ben Bridge”), based in Seattle, Washington, operates retail jewelry stores under the Ben Bridge Jeweler and five other brand names in nine western states. The Ben Bridge Jeweler locations offer loose diamonds, finished jewelry and high-end timepieces. Ben Bridge also operates five boutiques that sell timepieces of specific brands, including Rolex, Tudor, Grand Seiko, Omega and Breitling.
See’s Candy Shops, Incorporated (“See’s”) produces boxed chocolates and other confectionery products with an emphasis on quality and distinctiveness in two large kitchens in Los Angeles and South San Francisco and a facility in Burlingame, California. See’s operates approximately 250 retail and volume saving stores located mainly in California and other Western states, as well as approximately 115 seasonal locations. See’s revenues are highly seasonal with approximately half of its annual revenues earned in the fourth quarter.
The Pampered Chef, Ltd. (“Pampered Chef”) is a premier direct seller of distinctive high-quality kitchenware products with sales and operations in the U.S., Canada, Germany, Austria and France and operations in China. Pampered Chef’s product portfolio consists of over 400 Pampered Chef® branded kitchenware items in categories ranging from stoneware and cutlery to grilling and entertaining. Pampered Chef’s products are available through its sales force of independent cooking consultants and online.
Oriental Trading Company (“OTC”) is an online retailer for fun value-priced party supplies, seasonal products, arts and crafts, toys and novelties, school