development at its technical center in Littleton, Colorado and at other facilities in the U.S. and Europe.
Fiberglass is made from earthen raw materials and recycled glass. JM’s products also contain materials other than fiberglass, including chemical agents to bind many of its glass fibers and various chemical-based and petrochemical-based materials used in roofing and other specialized products. JM uses recycled material when available and suitable to satisfy the broader needs of its customers. The raw materials used in these various products are generally readily available in sufficient quantities from various sources to maintain and expand current production levels although the availability of recycled glass can fluctuate.
JM’s operations are subject to a variety of federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, which regulate or impose liability for the discharge of materials into the air, land and water and govern the use and disposal of hazardous substances and use of chemical substances. The most relevant of the federal laws are the Federal Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, which are administered by the EPA. Canadian and European regulatory authorities have also adopted their own environmental laws and regulations. JM continually monitors new and pending regulations and assesses their potential impact on the business. JM’s capital projects regularly address environmental compliance, although capital expenditures for environmental compliance are generally in conjunction with other capital project expenditures.
K-
16
JM sells its products through a wide variety of channels including contractors, distributors, retailers, manufacturers and fabricators. JM operates in highly competitive markets, with competitors comprising primarily of large global and national manufacturers and smaller regional manufacturers. JM holds leadership positions in the key markets that it serves. JM’s products compete primarily on value, differentiation and customization, breadth of product line, quality and service. Sales of JM’s products are moderately seasonal due to increases in construction activity that typically occur in the second and third quarters of the calendar year.
MiTek
MiTek Industries, Inc. (“MiTek”), based in Chesterfield, Missouri, operates in two separate building markets: residential and commercial. MiTek operates worldwide with sales in over 60 countries and with manufacturing facilities and/or sales/engineering offices located in 16 countries.
In the residential building market, MiTek is a leading supplier of engineered connector products, construction hardware, engineering software and services, and computer-driven manufacturing machinery to the truss component market of the building components industry. MiTek’s primary customers are component manufacturers who manufacture