business interruptions, lost revenues, higher commodity prices, disruption in fuel supplies, lower energy consumption, unstable markets, increased security, repair or other costs, or may materially adversely affect us in ways that cannot be predicted at this time. Any of these risks could materially affect our consolidated financial results. Furthermore, instability in the financial markets resulting from terrorism, sustained or significant cyber-attacks or war could also have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise capital. We share these risks with all businesses.
Geopolitical events could cause losses to our business and losses in the values of securities we own.
We believe risks of adverse effects from geopolitical events are rising, through armed and diplomatic conflicts involving governments in various parts of the world. Government policies and actions taken in the U.S. and elsewhere, including responses of other governments to such actions may adversely affect our operating businesses through reduced sales, increased costs, restricted supply chains, physical damage to our properties and loss of life of our employees and losses in the values of the securities we own. In addition, international trade policies in the U.S. and elsewhere, including tariffs and other barriers, could negatively impact our operating results. We share these risks with all businesses.
We are dependent on a few key people for our major investment and capital allocation decisions.
Major investment decisions and all major capital allocation decisions are made by Warren E. Buffett, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, age 94. Mr. Gregory Abel is Vice Chairman of Berkshire’s non-insurance operations and Mr. Ajit Jain is Vice Chairman of Berkshire’s insurance operations. Mr. Abel and Mr. Jain each report directly to Mr. Buffett.
If for any reason the services of our key personnel, particularly Mr. Buffett, were to become unavailable, there could be a material adverse effect on our operations. Should a replacement for Mr. Buffett be needed currently, Berkshire’s Board of Directors has agreed that Mr. Abel should replace Mr. Buffett. The Board continually monitors this risk and could alter its current view regarding a replacement for Mr. Buffett in the future. We believe that the Board’s succession plan, together with the outstanding managers running our numerous and highly diversified operating units, helps to mitigate this risk.
K-
24
We need qualified personnel to manage and operate our various businesses.
In our decentralized business model, we need qualified and competent management to direct day-to-day business activities of our operating subsidiaries and to manage changes in future business operations due to changing business or regulatory environments. Our operating subsidiaries also need qualified and competent personnel to execute business plans and serve their customers, suppliers and other stakeholders. Our inability to