yields (generally single-A rated credit ratings) that reflect the duration and currency attributes of the liabilities. In measuring benefit liabilities, we generally group contracts by contract issue year. The effects of changes in discount rates are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.
(t)
Regulated utilities and energy businesses
Certain regulated utility and energy subsidiaries prepare their financial statements in accordance with authoritative guidance for regulated operations, reflecting the economic effects of regulation from the ability to recover certain costs from customers and the requirement to return revenues to customers in the future through the regulated rate-setting process. Accordingly, certain costs are deferred as regulatory assets and certain income is accrued as regulatory liabilities.
Regulatory assets and liabilities are subsequently amortized into operating expenses and revenues over various future periods. Regulatory assets and liabilities are continually assessed for probable future inclusion in regulatory rates by considering factors such as applicable regulatory or legislative changes and recent rate orders received by other regulated entities. If future inclusion in regulatory rates ceases to be probable, the amount no longer probable of inclusion in regulatory rates is charged or credited to earnings (or other comprehensive income, if applicable) or returned to customers.
(u)
Foreign currency
The accounts of certain subsidiaries are measured using functional currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Revenues and expenses in the financial statements of these subsidiaries are translated into U.S. Dollars at the average exchange rate for the period and assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate as of the end of the reporting period. The net effects of translating the financial statements of these subsidiaries are included in shareholders’ equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Gains and losses arising from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity, including gains and losses from the remeasurement of assets and liabilities due to changes in currency exchange rates, are included in earnings.
K-
77
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(1)
Significant accounting policies and practices
(v)
Income taxes
Berkshire files a consolidated federal income tax return in the U.S. with eligible subsidiaries. In addition, we file income tax returns in U.S. state and local and foreign jurisdictions. Provisions for current income tax liabilities are calculated and accrued on income and expense amounts expected to be included in the income tax returns for the current year. Income taxes reported in earnings also include deferred income tax provisions.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed on differences between the financial statement bases and tax bases of assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates. Changes in