currency exchange rates applicable to certain of our investments. We believe that investment gains and losses, whether realized from dispositions or unrealized from changes in market prices, are generally meaningless in understanding our reported periodic results or evaluating the economic performance of our operating businesses. These gains and losses have caused and will continue to cause significant volatility in our periodic earnings.
Other earnings include corporate investment income, earnings from equity method investments and foreign currency exchange rate gains and losses related to the non-U.S. denominated debt of Berkshire and BHFC. After-tax foreign currency exchange rate losses were $713 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to gains of $597 million in the first quarter of 2024.
29
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Results of Operations
Insurance—Underwriting
Our periodic underwriting earnings may be subject to considerable volatility from the timing and magnitude of significant property catastrophe loss events. Further, we generally do not retrocede the risks we assume. We currently consider consolidated pre-tax losses exceeding $150 million from an event occurring in the current year to be significant. We incurred significant losses from the Southern California wildfires in the first quarter of 2025, while we experienced no significant catastrophe events in the first quarter of 2024. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including amounts established for occurrences in prior years, and foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the remeasurement of non-U.S. Dollar denominated assets and liabilities can also significantly affect our periodic underwriting results.
We write primary insurance and reinsurance policies covering property and casualty risks, as well as life and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are GEICO, Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group (“BH Primary”) and Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group (“BHRG”). We strive to generate pre-tax underwriting earnings (defined as premiums earned less insurance losses/benefits incurred and underwriting expenses) over the long term in all business categories, except in our retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity businesses. Time-value-of-money concepts are important considerations in establishing premiums for these policies, which are recognized as charges to earnings over the claim settlement periods.
Underwriting results of our insurance businesses are summarized below (dollars in millions).
GEICO
GEICO writes property and casualty policies, primarily private passenger automobile insurance, in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. GEICO offers policies mainly by direct response methods where most customers apply for coverage directly to the company via the Internet or over the telephone. GEICO also operates an insurance agency that