specific market, deregulated motor carriers and other railroads, as well as river barges, ships and pipelines, may exert pressure on price and service levels. The presence of advanced, high service truck lines with expedited delivery, subsidized infrastructure and minimal empty mileage continues to affect the market for non-bulk, time-sensitive freight. The potential expansion of longer combination vehicles could further encroach upon markets traditionally served by railroads. In order to remain competitive, BNSF Railway and other railroads seek to develop and implement operating efficiencies to improve productivity.
As railroads streamline, rationalize and otherwise enhance their franchises, competition among rail carriers intensifies. BNSF Railway’s primary rail competitor in the Western region of the U.S. is the Union Pacific Railroad Company. Other Class I railroads and numerous regional railroads and motor carriers also operate in parts of the same territories served by BNSF Railway.
Berkshire Hathaway Energy
Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company (“BHE”) is a holding company headquartered in Iowa with investments in a diversified portfolio of locally managed and operated businesses, principally within the energy industry. BHE’s domestic regulated energy interests are comprised of four regulated U.S. utility companies (collectively, “U.S. utilities”) serving approximately 5.3 million retail customers and five U.S. interstate natural gas pipeline companies with approximately 21,000 miles of operated pipeline having a design capacity of approximately 21.5 billion cubic feet of natural gas per day. Other energy businesses include electric transmission and distribution operations in Great Britain and Canada, a diversified portfolio of mostly renewable independent power projects and investments, and a liquefied natural gas export, import and storage facility. BHE also has an investment in a residential real estate brokerage firm in the U.S. and is a franchisor to a large network of residential real estate brokerages in the U.S. BHE employs approximately 24,000 people in connection with its various operations.
Energy businesses
BHE’s U.S. utilities include PacifiCorp, MidAmerican Energy Company (“MEC”) and NV Energy, Inc.’s (“NV Energy”) two regulated utility subsidiaries, Nevada Power Company (“Nevada Power”) and Sierra Pacific Power Company (“Sierra Pacific”).
PacifiCorp is a regulated electric utility company headquartered in Oregon, serving electric customers in portions of Utah, Oregon, Wyoming, Washington, Idaho and California. The combined service territory’s diverse regional economy ranges from rural, agricultural and mining areas to urban, manufacturing and government service centers. No single segment of the economy dominates the combined service territory, which helps mitigate PacifiCorp’s exposure to economic fluctuations. In addition to retail sales, PacifiCorp buys and sells electricity on a wholesale basis.
K-
7
MEC is a regulated