quarter of 2024, our estimated fair values of seven reporting units did not exceed our carrying values by at least 20%. These reporting units included PCC, as well as three reporting units acquired in late 2022 and early 2023. Our estimated fair value of PCC’s equity exceeded the carrying value of $28.5 billion, which included goodwill of approximately $7.5 billion, by nearly 20%. Of the three units acquired in 2022 and 2023, the largest was Pilot, which had an estimated fair value of approximately $20.3 billion and a carrying value of $18.3 billion, including goodwill of $6.5 billion. The remaining five other reporting units had an aggregate estimated fair value of approximately $11.7 billion, which exceeded our aggregate carrying value by approximately 12%. The carrying value of these units included goodwill of approximately $4.6 billion.
Market Risk Disclosures
Our Consolidated Balance Sheets include substantial amounts of assets and liabilities whose fair values are subject to market risks. Our significant market risks are primarily associated with equity prices, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. The fair values of our investment portfolios remain subject to considerable volatility. The following sections address the significant market risks associated with our business activities.
Equity Price Risk
Investments in equity securities represent the most significant portion of our consolidated investment portfolio. Strategically, we strive to invest in businesses that possess excellent economics and management, and we prefer to invest a meaningful amount in each company. Historically, our investments have been concentrated in relatively few issuers. At December 31, 2024, approximately 71% of the aggregate fair value of our investments in equity securities was concentrated in five companies.
We often hold our investments for long periods and short-term price volatility has occurred in the past and will occur in the future. We also maintain significant levels of shareholder capital and ample liquidity to provide a margin of safety against short-term price volatility.
The following table summarizes our investments in equity securities, excluding our investments in Kraft Heinz and Occidental common stocks that are accounted for under the equity method, and the estimated effects of a hypothetical 30% increase and a 30% decrease in market prices as December 31, 2024 and 2023. The selected 30% hypothetical increase and decrease does not represent the best or worst case scenario. Indeed, results from declines could be far worse due both to the nature of equity markets and the concentrations existing in our investment portfolio. Dollar amounts are in millions.
(1)
The estimated increase (decrease) is after income taxes.
K-
61
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Interest Rate Risk
We also invest in bonds, loans or other interest rate sensitive instruments. Our strategy is to acquire or originate such instruments at