Deferred charge assets were $8.8 billion at December 31, 2024. We estimate that deferred charge assets will decline $830 million in 2025, producing a corresponding charge to pre-tax earnings.
Overall, we increased estimated ultimate liabilities for prior year retroactive reinsurance contracts by $196 million in 2024, primarily for asbestos, environmental and other casualty exposures. This increase, net of the related changes in deferred charge assets had an insignificant impact on underwriting results.
Other Critical Accounting Estimates
Our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2024 includes goodwill of acquired businesses of $83.9 billion and indefinite-lived other intangible assets of $18.9 billion. We evaluate these assets for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and on an interim basis if the facts and circumstances lead us to believe that more likely than not there has been an impairment.
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment reviews include determining the estimated fair values of our reporting units and of indefinite-lived intangible assets. Several methods may be used to estimate fair values, including market quotations, multiples of earnings and other valuation techniques, such as discounted projected future earnings or cash flow methods. The key assumptions and inputs used in fair value determinations may include forecasting revenues and expenses, cash flows and capital expenditures, as well as an appropriate discount rate and other inputs.
Significant judgment by management is required in estimating the fair value of a reporting unit and in performing impairment reviews. Due to the inherent subjectivity and uncertainty in forecasting future cash flows and earnings over long periods of time, actual results may differ materially from the forecasts. Reasonable estimates of the fair value of a business enterprise may range widely.
If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, then the excess, limited to the carrying amount of goodwill, is charged to earnings as an impairment loss. If the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds fair value, the excess is charged to earnings as an impairment loss.
As of December 31, 2024, we concluded that more-likely-than not, the goodwill recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheet was not impaired. However, the fair value estimates of the reporting units and assets are subject to change based on market and economic conditions, as well as events affecting our businesses or the industries in which they operate, which we cannot reliably predict. It is reasonably possible that adverse changes in such conditions or events could result in the recognition of impairment losses in our Consolidated Financial Statements.
K-
60
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Critical Accounting Estimates
Other Critical Accounting Estimates
In connection with the annual goodwill impairment review conducted in the fourth