Fruit of the Loom, Inc. (“FOL”), headquartered in Bowling Green, Kentucky, is primarily a manufacturer and distributor of basic apparel, underwear, outerwear, athletic apparel and sports equipment. Products under the Fruit of the Loom® and JERZEES® labels are primarily sold in the mass merchandise, mid-tier chains and wholesale markets. In the Vanity Fair Brands product line, Vassarette®, Curvation® and Radiant by Vanity Fair® are sold in the mass merchandise market, while other Vanity Fair® products are sold to mid-tier chains and department stores. FOL also markets and sells athletic apparel and sports equipment to team dealers and to sporting goods retailers under the Russell Athletic® and Spalding® brands.
FOL generally performs its own knitting, cloth finishing, cutting, sewing and packaging for apparel. For the North American market, which is FOL’s predominant sales region, cloth manufacturing is primarily performed in Honduras. Labor-intensive cutting, sewing and packaging operations are in Central America and Asia. For the European market, products are either sourced from third-party contractors in Europe or Asia or sewn in Morocco from textiles internally produced in Morocco. Athletic equipment, sporting goods and other athletic apparel lines are generally sourced from third-party contractors located primarily in Asia.
U.S.-grown cotton fiber and U.S.-manufactured polyester fiber are the main raw materials used in manufacturing FOL’s products. Historically, fibers were purchased from a limited number of third parties, including one key supplier that provided much of FOL’s yarn spinning/raw material conversion services. Supply chain disruptions in 2021 and 2022 caused FOL to utilize alternative sources for these raw materials/services. FOL has since engaged an additional supplier for a portion of FOL’s yarn spinning/raw material conversion services. FOL’s markets are highly competitive, consisting of many domestic and foreign manufacturers and distributors. Competition is generally based upon product features, quality, customer service and price.
Garan Incorporated (“Garan”), headquartered in New York, New York, designs, manufactures, imports and sells apparel primarily for children, including boys, girls, toddlers and infants. Products are sold under its own trademarks Garanimals® and 365 Kids from Garanimals® and easy-peasy®, as well as customer private label brands. Garan conducts its business through operating subsidiaries located in the U.S., Central America and Asia. Garan’s products are sold through its distribution centers in the U.S. Fechheimer Brothers Company (“Fechheimers”) manufactures and distributes uniforms, principally for the public service and safety markets, including police, fire, postal and military markets. Fechheimers is based in Cincinnati, Ohio.
K-
18
The BH Shoe Holdings Group, headquartered in Greenwich, Connecticut, manufactures and distributes work, rugged outdoor and casual shoes and western-style footwear