rating agencies.
The amortized cost and estimated fair value of fixed maturity securities at March 31, 2025 are summarized below by contractual maturity dates (in millions). Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities due to prepayment rights held by issuers.
Note 4. Investments in equity securities
Investments in equity securities are summarized as follows (in millions).
8
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 4. Investments in equity securities
Our investments in equity securities over the years have been concentrated in relatively few companies. The fair value of our
five
largest holdings at
March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 represented
69
%
and
71
%
, respectively, of the aggregate fair value of our equity securities shown in the preceding tables. The five largest holdings at each date were American Express Company, Apple Inc., Bank of America Corporation, The Coca-Cola Company and Chevron Corporation.
Since 2019, we have also owned non-voting Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock of Occidental Petroleum Corporation (“Occidental”) and Occidental common stock warrants. Our investments in the Occidental preferred stock and Occidental common stock warrants are recorded at fair value and included as equity securities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, as such investments are not in-substance common stock under GAAP. We account for our investment in Occidental common stock under the equity method. See Note 5.
The Occidental preferred stock
accrues
dividends at
8
% per annum and is redeemable at the option of Occidental commencing in
2029
at a redemption price equal to
105
% of the liquidation value. As of
March 31, 2025
, our investment in Occidental preferred stock had an aggregate liquidation value of approximately $
8.5
billion. To date, Occidental has been required to
redeem
approximately $
1.5
billion of the aggregate liquidation value due to excess distributions by Occidental to its common stockholders, as defined under the terms of the Occidental preferred stock certificate of designations.
The Occidental common stock warrants allow us to purchase up to
83.86
million shares of Occidental common stock at an exercise price of $
59.62
per share. The warrants are exercisable in whole or in part until
one year
after the date the preferred stock is fully redeemed.
As of March 31, 2025
, we owned
151.6
million shares of American Express Company (“American Express”) common stock representing
21.6
% of the outstanding common stock of American Express. Since 1995, we have been party to an agreement with American Express whereby we agreed to vote a significant portion of our shares in accordance with the recommendations of the American Express Board of Directors. We have also agreed to passivity commitments as requested by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, which collectively, in our judgment, restrict our ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of American