estimates of known major catastrophe events.
Our claim liability estimation process for short-tail lines, primarily property exposures, utilizes a combination of the paid and incurred loss development methods and the incurred and paid loss Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods. Certain property, individual risk and aviation excess-of-loss contracts tend to generate low frequency/high severity losses. Our processes and techniques for estimating liabilities under such contracts generally rely more on a per contract assessment of the ultimate cost associated with the individual loss event rather than with an analysis of the historical development patterns of past losses.
For our long-tail lines, primarily casualty exposures, we may rely on different methods depending on the maturity of the business, with estimates for the most recent years being based on priced loss expectations and more mature years reflecting the paid or incurred development pattern indications.
In 2024, we reduced estimated ultimate pre-2024 accident years’ claim liabilities by $1.7 billion, of which $1.6 billion was attributable to lower-than-expected reported property losses. In 2024, we also reduced estimated ultimate casualty claim liabilities for pre-2024 accident years by approximately $100 million. These reductions produced corresponding increases in pre-tax earnings.
The portfolios of contracts within the three BHRG Groups vary considerably, covering multiple lines of business within diverse geographic areas and legal environments, which requires us to vary the application of actuarial methods and weighting of assumptions to determine the appropriate ultimate claims estimates. Given the heterogeneity of the groups of contracts and actuarial methods and assumptions applied, we believe it is not possible to reasonably quantify the impact of changes in any single or limited group of assumptions to the entire portfolio. Moreover, changes in certain assumptions often create iterative impacts on other actuarial assumptions. Accordingly, we believe it is impracticable to provide meaningful quantification of the impact of changes to any limited number of chosen assumptions.
BHRG’s property and casualty unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses could be materially higher or lower than the liabilities as of December 31, 2024 due to the inherent uncertainty of determining ultimate claims costs for claims that have occurred or will be deemed to have occurred as of the balance sheet date. We currently believe, however, that significant upward revisions to claims estimates are more likely for casualty claims, given longer claims tails and evolving inflation, legal, judicial and mass tort risks, including the manifestation of new forms of claims that were not contemplated when the policies were written. We believe a five percent increase in BHRG’s casualty claim liabilities over time is reasonably possible, although this should not be viewed as a worst-case scenario given the risks identified. An