revenues include certain state and local excise taxes billed to customers on specified products when those taxes are levied directly upon us by the taxing authorities. Sales revenues exclude sales taxes and value-added taxes collected on behalf of taxing authorities. Sales revenues include consideration for shipping and other fulfillment activities performed prior to the customer obtaining control of the goods. We also elect to treat consideration for such services that are performed after control has passed to the customer as sales revenue.
Product sales revenues are generally recognized at a point in time when control of the product transfers to the customer, which coincides with customer pickup or product delivery or acceptance, depending on terms of the arrangement. We recognize sales revenues and related costs over time with respect to certain contracts, including certain bridge and structural steel, castings, forgings and aerostructures contracts. Control of the product units under these contracts transfers continuously to the customer as the product is manufactured. These products generally have no alternative use and the contract requires the customer to provide reasonable compensation if terminated for reasons other than breach of contract.
K-
75
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(1)
Significant accounting policies and practices
(o)
Revenue recognition
The primary performance obligation under our freight rail transportation service contracts is to move freight from a point of origin to a point of destination. The performance obligations are represented by bills of lading which create a series of distinct services that have a similar pattern of transfer to the customer. The revenues for each performance obligation are based on various factors including the product being shipped, the origin and destination pair and contract incentives, which are outlined in various private rate agreements, common carrier public tariffs, interline foreign road agreements and pricing quotes. The transaction price is generally a per car/unit amount to transport railcars from a specified origin to a specified destination. Freight revenues are recognized over time as the service is performed because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the service. Revenues recognized represent the portion of the service completed as of the balance sheet date. Invoices for freight transportation services are generally issued to customers and paid within 30 days or less. Customer incentives, which are primarily provided for shipping a specified cumulative volume or shipping to/from specific locations, are recorded as a reduction to revenue on a pro-rata basis based on actual or projected future customer shipments.
Utilities and energy revenues derive primarily from regulated electricity and natural gas sales. Regulated electricity and natural gas revenues are primarily tariff-based sales arrangements approved by various regulatory