statements contained in this document as well as some statements in periodic press releases and some oral statements of Berkshire officials during presentations about Berkshire or its subsidiaries are “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the “Act”). Forward-looking statements include statements which are predictive in nature, which depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or which include words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates” or similar expressions. In addition, any statements concerning future financial performance (including future revenues, earnings or growth rates), ongoing business strategies or prospects and possible future Berkshire actions, which may be provided by management, are also forward-looking statements as defined by the Act. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and projections about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about Berkshire and its subsidiaries, economic and market factors and the industries in which we do business, among other things. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and we have no specific intention to update these statements.
Actual events and results may differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in forward-looking statements due to a number of factors. The principal risk factors that could cause our actual performance and future events and actions to differ materially from such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, changes in market prices of our investments in equity securities; the occurrence of one or more catastrophic events, such as an earthquake, hurricane, geopolitical conflict, act of terrorism or cyber-attack that causes losses insured by our insurance subsidiaries and/or losses to our business operations; the frequency and severity of epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks, and other events that negatively affect our operating results and restrict our access to borrowed funds through the capital markets at reasonable rates; changes in laws or regulations affecting our insurance, railroad, utilities and energy and finance subsidiaries; changes in federal income tax laws; and changes in general economic and market factors that affect the prices of securities or the industries in which we do business.
Part
II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Securi
ty Holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information
Berkshire’s Class A and Class B common stock are listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange, trading symbols: BRK.A and BRK.B, respectively.
K-
31
Shareholders
Berkshire had approximately 1,100 record holders of its Class A common stock and 16,800 record holders of its Class B common stock at February 10, 2025. Record owners included nominees holding at least 319,000 shares of Class A common stock and 1,332,000,000