includes scheduled payments over the next
four years
and aggregating $
250
million. HomeServices has made payments of $
67
million through March of 2025. If the settlement is not affirmed by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, HomeServices intends to vigorously appeal on multiple grounds the jury’s findings and damage award in the Burnett case, including whether the case can proceed as a class action. The appeals process and further actions could take several years.
Other legal matters
In September 2024, National Indemnity Company (“NICO”) entered into a settlement agreement reached concerning certain non-insurance affiliates that filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of the bankruptcy code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey (the “Court”) in 2023. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, NICO agreed to pay $
535
million to the bankruptcy estate in consideration of a release of all estate causes of action against NICO and its affiliates. In connection with the settlement agreement, NICO recorded a pre-tax charge of $
490
million, which is net of $
45
million from a third party that was covered under the release. Certain creditors are opposing approval of the settlement agreement and could potentially pursue appeals of any approval granted by the Court.
Berkshire and certain of its subsidiaries are also involved in other kinds of legal actions, some of which assert or may assert claims or seek to impose fines and penalties. We currently believe that liabilities that may arise as a result of such other pending legal actions will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.
Commitments
In January 2024, we acquired the remaining noncontrolling interests in Pilot for $
2.6
billion. On September 30, 2024, BHE repurchased
5.85
% of its outstanding common stock held by certain noncontrolling BHE shareholders for $
2.9
billion. Additionally, in September and October 2024, Berkshire acquired the remaining
2.12
% of BHE’s outstanding common stock held by noncontrolling shareholders in exchange for
2,291,631
shares of Berkshire Class B common stock valued at $
1.045
billion. The acquisitions of these noncontrolling interests represented equity transactions. We recorded the differences between the consideration paid and the carrying values of the noncontrolling interests, net of deferred income tax liabilities, if applicable, to capital in excess of par value. Pilot and BHE are now wholly-owned subsidiaries.
24
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 23. Revenues from contracts with customers
The following table summarizes customer contract revenues disaggregated by reportable segment and the source of the revenue (in millions). Other revenues, which are not considered to be revenues from contracts with customers under GAAP, are primarily insurance premiums earned, interest, dividend and other investment income and leasing revenues.
A summary of the