other transactions with affiliates.
K-
1
Insurers that market, sell and service insurance policies in the states where they are licensed are referred to as admitted insurers. Admitted insurers are generally required to obtain regulatory approval of their policy forms and/or premium rates. Non-admitted insurance markets have developed to provide insurance that is otherwise unavailable through admitted insurers. Non-admitted insurance, often referred to as “excess and surplus” lines, is procured by either state-licensed surplus lines brokers who place risks with insurers not licensed in that state or by the insured party’s direct procurement from non-admitted insurers. Non-admitted insurance is subject to considerably less regulation with respect to policy rates and forms. Reinsurers are normally not required to obtain regulatory approval of premium rates or reinsurance contracts.
The insurance regulators of every state participate in the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (“NAIC”). The NAIC adopts forms, instructions and accounting procedures for use by U.S. insurers in preparing and filing annual statutory financial statements. In addition, the NAIC develops or adopts statutory accounting principles, model laws, regulations and programs dealing with regulatory oversight of solvency, risk management, compliance with financial regulation standards and risk-based capital reporting requirements. However, an insurer’s state of domicile has ultimate authority over these solvency and soundness related matters, and the laws and regulations implemented in individual states may differ from those adopted by the NAIC.
International insurance regulators, through the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (“IAIS”), have been developing advisory standards and best practices focused on establishing a common set of principles (“Insurance Core Principles”) and framework (“ComFrame”) for the regulation of large multi-national insurance groups. The Insurance Core Principles and ComFrame cover a wide range of topics, including group-wide supervision by regulators, corporate governance, risk management, capital adequacy and other macroprudential issues. As part of ComFrame, the IAIS adopted an international capital standard (“ICS”) for internationally active insurance groups in December 2024.
While the IAIS standards do not have legal effect, U.S. state insurance departments and the NAIC are implementing various group supervision regulatory tools and mandates that are responsive to certain IAIS standards. U.S. state regulators have formed supervisory colleges intended to promote communication and cooperation amongst the various domestic and international insurance regulators. U.S. state regulators require insurance groups to file an annual report and an Own Risk Solvency Assessment or ORSA, with the group’s lead supervisor. The NAIC also adopted a group capital calculation (“GCC”) tool for large insurance groups. The NAIC’s GCC is a tool