prices or with interest rates considered appropriate relative to the perceived credit risk. We also issue debt in the ordinary course of business to fund business operations and for general purposes. We attempt to maintain high credit ratings to minimize the cost of our debt. We generally do not utilize derivative products, such as interest rate swaps, to manage interest rate risks and we do not attempt to match maturities of assets and liabilities.
The fair values of our fixed maturity investments, loans and finance receivables and notes payable and other borrowings will fluctuate in response to changes in market interest rates. Increases and decreases in interest rates generally translate into decreases and increases in fair values of these instruments. Additionally, fair values of interest rate sensitive instruments may be affected by the perceived credit risk, prepayment options, liquidity and other factors, as well as general market conditions.
The following table summarizes the estimated effects of hypothetical changes in interest rates on our significant assets and liabilities that are subject to significant interest rate risk. We assumed that the interest rate changes occur immediately and uniformly to each category of instrument and that there were no significant changes to other factors used to determine the value of the instrument. The hypothetical changes in interest rates do not reflect the best or worst case scenarios. Actual results may differ from those reflected in the table. Dollars are in millions.
*
Includes Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stocks
Foreign Currency Risk
Certain of our subsidiaries operate in foreign jurisdictions and we transact business in foreign currencies. In addition, we hold investments in common stocks of major multinational companies, who have significant foreign business and foreign currency risk of their own. In most instances, we do not attempt to match assets and liabilities by currency or use derivative contracts to manage foreign currency risks in a meaningful way.
K-
62
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Foreign Currency Risk
Our net assets subject to financial statement translation into U.S. Dollars are primarily in our insurance, utilities and energy and certain manufacturing subsidiaries. A portion of our financial statement translation-related impact from changes in foreign currency rates is recorded in other comprehensive income. In addition, we include gains or losses from changes in foreign currency exchange rates in net earnings related to non-U.S. Dollar denominated assets and liabilities of Berkshire and its U.S.-based subsidiaries. A summary of these gains (losses), after-tax, for each of the years ending December 31, 2024 and 2023 follows (in millions).
Commodity Price Risk
Our subsidiaries use commodities in various ways in manufacturing and providing services. As such, we are subject to price risks related to various commodities. In most instances, we attempt to manage these risks