through insurance agents and brokers.
Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies (“BHHC”) is a group of insurers offering workers’ compensation, commercial automobile and commercial property coverages to a diverse client base. BHHC has a national reach, with the ability to provide first-dollar and small-to-large deductible workers’ compensation coverage to employers nationwide. NICO Primary and BHHC are each based in Omaha, Nebraska.
Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance (“BHSI”) offers commercial property and casualty, executive and professional, and various other insurance coverages through Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance Company and several other Berkshire subsidiaries. BHSI writes primary and excess policies on an admitted and non-admitted basis in the U.S., and on a local or foreign non-admitted basis outside the U.S. BHSI is based in Boston, Massachusetts, and has regional offices in several other cities within the U.S. BHSI also maintains international offices and branches in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and across several countries in Asia and Europe. BHSI writes insurance policies through wholesale and retail insurance brokers, as well as through managing general agents.
Alleghany’s property and casualty insurance business is conducted in the U.S. on both an admitted and non-admitted basis through RSUI Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“RSUI”) and CapSpecialty, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“CapSpecialty”). RSUI and CapSpecialty primarily write specialty insurance in the property, umbrella/excess liability, professional liability, directors’ and officers’ liability and general liability lines of business. Insurance is written through independent wholesale insurance brokers, retail agents and managing general agents.
MedPro Group (“MedPro”) is a leading provider of healthcare liability (“HCL”) insurance in the U.S. MedPro provides customized HCL insurance, as well as claims, patient safety and risk solutions to physicians, surgeons, dentists and other healthcare professionals, as well as hospitals, senior care and other healthcare facilities. Additionally, MedPro provides HCL insurance solutions to international markets through other Berkshire insurance affiliates, offers professional liability insurance to other non-healthcare professionals, and provides specialized accident and health insurance solutions to colleges and other customers through its subsidiaries and other Berkshire subsidiaries. MedPro is based in Fort Wayne, Indiana. MLMIC Insurance Company (“MLMIC”) writes medical professional liability insurance policies in New York State through brokers and on a direct basis to medical and dental professionals, health care providers and hospitals. MLMIC is based in Albany, New York.
U.S. Liability Insurance Company (“USLI”) includes a group of five specialty insurers that underwrite commercial, professional and personal lines of insurance on an admitted basis, as well as on an excess and surplus lines basis. USLI markets policies