Statements and will be recognized in future periods as the goods are delivered or services are provided. As of December 31, 2024, the largest categories of our long-term contractual obligations primarily related to fuel, capacity, transmission and maintenance contracts and capital expenditure commitments of BHE and BNSF, aircraft purchase commitments of NetJets and purchase commitments of certain materials. We currently estimate future payments associated with these contracts over the next five years will approximate $30 billion, including $12 billion in 2025.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Certain accounting policies require us to make estimates and judgments in determining the amounts reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Such estimates and judgments necessarily involve varying and significant degrees of uncertainty. Accordingly, certain amounts currently recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements will likely be adjusted in the future based on new available information and changes in other facts and circumstances. A discussion of our principal accounting policies that required the application of significant judgments as of December 31, 2024 follows.
Property and casualty insurance unpaid losses
We record liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses (also referred to as “gross unpaid losses” or “claim liabilities”) based upon estimates of the ultimate amounts payable for loss events occurring on or before the balance sheet date. The timing and amount of ultimate loss payments are contingent upon, among other things, the timing of claim reporting from insureds and ceding companies and the final determination of the loss amount through the loss adjustment and settlement process.
As of the balance sheet date, recorded claim liabilities include estimates for reported claims and for incurred-but-not-reported (“IBNR”) claims. The period between the loss occurrence date and loss settlement date is the “claim-tail.” Property claims typically have relatively short claim-tails, while casualty claims usually have longer claim-tails, occasionally extending for decades. Casualty claims are more susceptible to litigation and the impact of changing contract interpretations. The legal environment and judicial process further contribute to extending claim-tails.
Our consolidated claim liabilities, including liabilities from retroactive reinsurance contracts, as of December 31, 2024 were approximately $147.6 billion, of which 74% related to GEICO and the Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group. Additional information regarding significant uncertainties inherent in the processes and techniques for estimating unpaid losses of these businesses follows.
K-
56
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Critical Accounting Estimates
Property and casualty insurance unpaid losses
GEICO
GEICO predominantly writes private passenger automobile insurance. As of December 31, 2024, GEICO’s gross claim liabilities were $24.8 billion and were $23.9