businesses to comply with those policies, including BNSF and BHE, which combined represent more than 90% of Berkshire’s direct emissions. The failure to comply with new or existing regulations or reinterpretation of existing regulations relating to climate change could have a significant adverse effect on our financial results.
Risks unique to our regulated businesses
Our tolerance for underwriting risk assumed in our various insurance businesses may result in significant underwriting losses.
When properly paid for the risk assumed, we have been and will continue to be willing to assume more risk from a single event than any other insurer has knowingly assumed. Accordingly, we could incur a significant loss from a single catastrophe event resulting from a natural disaster or man-made catastrophes such as terrorism or cyber-attacks. We employ various disciplined underwriting practices intended to mitigate potential losses, attempt to take into account all possible correlations and avoid writing groups of policies from which pre-tax losses from a single catastrophe event might aggregate in excess of $15 billion. However, despite our efforts, it is possible that losses could manifest in ways that we do not anticipate and that our risk mitigation strategies are not designed to address. Various provisions of our policies, negotiated to limit our risk, such as limitations or exclusions from coverage, may not be enforceable in the manner we intend, as it is possible that a court or regulatory authority could nullify or void an exclusion or limitation, or legislation could be enacted modifying or barring the use of these exclusions and limitations. Our tolerance for significant insurance losses may result in lower reported earnings in a future period.
The principal cost associated with the property and casualty insurance business is claims. In writing property and casualty insurance policies, we receive premiums today and promise to pay covered losses in the future. However, it will take decades before all claims that have occurred as of any given balance sheet date will be settled. Although we believe that recorded liabilities for unpaid losses are adequate, we will not know whether these liabilities or the premiums charged for the coverages provided were sufficient until well after the balance sheet date. Estimating insurance claim costs is inherently imprecise. It is possible that significant claims may emerge or develop in the future from the policies we have written in the past.
As industry practices and legal, social and environmental conditions evolve, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge, including new or expanded theories of liability and increased frequency of litigation. These or other changes could impose new financial obligations on us by extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent and result in increased litigation costs and adverse judicial awards. In some instances, these changes may not become