Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2025 included estimated liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses from property and casualty insurance and reinsurance contracts of $149.1 billion. Due to the inherent uncertainties in the processes of establishing these liabilities, the actual ultimate claim amounts will likely differ from the currently recorded amounts. A very small percentage change in estimates of this magnitude can result in a material effect on periodic earnings. The effects from changes in these estimates are recorded as a component of insurance losses and loss adjustment expenses in the period of the change.
Our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2025 included goodwill of acquired businesses of $84.0 billion and indefinite-lived intangible assets of $18.9 billion. In connection with the annual goodwill impairment review conducted in the fourth quarter of 2024, our estimated fair values of seven reporting units did not exceed our carrying values by at least 20%, as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Our estimated aggregate fair value of these units at that time was approximately $65.6 billion, which exceeded our aggregate carrying value of approximately $57.4 billion. Goodwill of these reporting units totaled approximately $18.6 billion.
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment reviews include determining the estimated fair values of the reporting units and of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. Several methods and inputs may be used to estimate fair values, and significant judgments are required in making such estimates. Due to the inherent subjectivity and uncertainty in forecasting future cash flows and earnings over long periods of time, actual results may differ materially from the forecasts.
As of March 31, 2025, we concluded it was more likely than not that goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheet were not impaired. However, the fair value estimates of the reporting units and assets are subject to change based on changes in market and economic conditions and events affecting our businesses, which we cannot reliably predict. It is reasonably possible that adverse changes in such conditions or events could result in the recognition of impairment losses in our Consolidated Financial Statements in the future.
Information concerning accounting pronouncements to be adopted in the future is included in Note 2 to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements.
Forward-Looking Statements
Investors are cautioned that certain statements contained in this document as well as some statements in periodic press releases and some oral statements of Berkshire officials during presentations about Berkshire or its subsidiaries are “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of