(dollars in millions).
Premiums written declined 1.6% in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024. The decline was primarily due to a 34% reduction at GUARD and, to a lesser degree at RSUI, partially offset by higher volumes at NICO Primary, BHHC and BH Direct. GUARD’s premium decline reflected volume reductions across multiple product categories through exiting certain unprofitable lines and tightened overall underwriting standards. The decline at RSUI was primarily due to lower volumes, partly offset by increased retentions. The increases at NICO Primary and BHHC were primarily attributable to commercial auto business, while the increase at BH Direct reflected growth across several lines of business and product categories.
31
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Insurance—Underwriting
Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group
Losses and loss adjustment expenses increased $640 million (22.8%) and the loss ratio increased 13.5 percentage points in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024. Losses incurred from the Southern California wildfires were approximately $300 million in the first quarter of 2025. Losses incurred in 2025 also included increases in estimated ultimate losses for prior accident years’ claims of $212 million, attributable to higher ultimate loss estimates in liability coverages, partly offset by lower ultimate loss estimates in property and medical liability coverages. Incurred loss estimates for prior accident years’ claims were reduced $93 million in the first quarter of 2024. Medical professional liability and other liability claim costs continue to be negatively impacted by unfavorable social inflation trends, including the impacts of jury awards and litigation costs.
Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group
The Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group offers excess-of-loss and quota-share reinsurance coverages on property and casualty risks to insurers and reinsurers worldwide through several subsidiaries, led by National Indemnity Company, General Reinsurance Corporation, General Reinsurance AG and Transatlantic Reinsurance Company. We also write life and health reinsurance coverages through General Re Life Corporation, General Reinsurance AG and Berkshire Hathaway Life Insurance Company of Nebraska. A summary of BHRG’s pre-tax underwriting results follows (in millions).
Property/casualty
A summary of property/casualty reinsurance underwriting results follows (dollars in millions).
Premiums written in the first quarter of 2025 declined $320 million (5.0%) versus 2024, primarily attributable to lower volumes in property coverages. Premiums earned in the first quarter of 2025 decreased 3.7% compared to 2024.
Losses and loss adjustment expenses increased $606 million (20.2%) and the loss ratio increased 13.6 percentage points in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024. Losses incurred from the Southern California wildfires were approximately $770 million in the first quarter of