quarters of 2025 or 2024. Estimated unpaid liabilities were approximately $
1.4
billion at March 31, 2025. Insurance recoveries recorded to date in connection with the Wildfires were $
530
million, which were recorded prior to 2024. All insurance recoveries have been received and no further insurance recoveries are expected to become available.
It is reasonably possible PacifiCorp will incur significant additional losses beyond the amounts currently accrued; however, it is currently unable to reasonably estimate the range of possible additional losses that could be incurred due to the number of properties and parties involved, including claimants in the class to the
James
case and the 2022 Wildfire, the variation in the types of properties and damages and the ultimate outcome of legal actions, including mediation, settlement negotiations, jury verdicts and the appeals process.
HomeServices of America, Inc.
HomeServices is currently defending against several antitrust cases, all in federal district courts. In each case, plaintiffs claim HomeServices and certain of its subsidiaries (and in one case BHE) conspired with co-defendants to artificially inflate real estate commissions by following and enforcing multiple listing service (“MLS”) rules that require listing agents to offer a commission split to cooperating agents in order for the property to appear on the MLS (“Cooperative Compensation Rule”). None of the complaints specify damages sought. However,
two
cases also allege Texas state law deceptive trade practices claims, for which plaintiffs have asserted damages totaling approximately $
9
billion by separate written notice as required by Texas law.
23
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 22. Contingencies and commitments
In
one
of these cases, Burnett (formerly Sitzer) et al. v. HomeServices of America, Inc. et al. (the “Burnett case”), a jury trial in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Missouri returned a verdict for the plaintiffs on October 31, 2023, finding that the named defendants participated in a conspiracy to follow and enforce the Cooperative Compensation Rule, which conspiracy had the purpose or effect of raising, inflating, or stabilizing broker commission rates paid by home sellers. The jury further found that the class plaintiffs had proved damages of $
1.8
billion. Joint and several liability applies for the co-defendants. Federal law authorizes trebling of damages and the award of pre-judgment interest and attorney fees. To date, all co-defendants have reached settlements with the plaintiffs. The U.S District Court approved these settlements in May and November 2024. All settlements have been appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
In April 2024, HomeServices agreed to terms with the plaintiffs to settle all claims asserted against HomeServices and certain of its subsidiaries in the Burnett case to effectuate a nationwide class settlement. The final settlement agreement