Tank Car Company (“UTLX”) is the largest component of the Rail & Leasing group and is a leading designer, builder and full-service lessor of railroad tank cars and other specialized railcars. Together, with its Canadian affiliate Procor, UTLX owns a fleet of approximately 119,000 railcars for lease to customers in chemical, petrochemical, energy and agricultural/food industries. UTLX manufactures tank cars in the U.S. and performs railcar maintenance services at more than 100 locations across North America.
UTLX has a diversified customer base, both geographically and across industries. UTLX, while subject to cyclicality and significant competition in most of its markets, competes by offering a broad range of high-quality products and services targeted at its niche markets. Railcars are typically leased for multiple-year terms and most of the leases are renewed upon expiration. Due to selective ongoing capital investment, utilization rates (the number of railcars on lease as a percentage of the total fleet) are generally high.
Intermodal tank containers are leased through EXSIF Worldwide (“EXSIF”). EXSIF is a leading international lessor of intermodal tank containers with a fleet of approximately 75,000 units, primarily serving chemical producers and logistics operators.
The Crane Services group is a provider of mobile cranes and operators in North America and Australia with a combined fleet of approximately 1,100 cranes, primarily serving the energy, mining, petrochemical and infrastructure markets. Cranes are leased on a fully operated and maintained service basis or on an equipment-only basis. The Crane Services group is subject to customer seasonality, with concentration of volume typically in the warmer months.
The Medical group develops, manufactures and sells a wide range of innovative medical devices in the extremities fixation, craniomaxillofacial surgery, neurosurgery, aesthetics and powered instruments markets. The group’s leading-edge medical technology and products are used globally to help improve patient care and outcomes. Operations are based in the U.S., Europe and China and business is conducted primarily in North and South America, Europe, Asia and Australia.
Certain Marmon businesses, including the Rail & Leasing and Medical groups, are subject to government regulation and oversight. Marmon has numerous known environmental matters which are subject to on-going monitoring and/or remediation efforts. Marmon follows all federal, state and local environmental regulations.
Other industrial products
CTB International Corp. (“CTB”), headquartered in Milford, Indiana, is a leading global designer, manufacturer and marketer of a wide range of agricultural systems and solutions for preserving grain, producing poultry, pigs and eggs, and for processing poultry, fish, vegetables and other foods. CTB operates from facilities located around the globe and supports customers through a worldwide network of independent distributors and dealers.