2024. The increase reflected higher retail customer rates in certain territories, higher retail customer volumes and higher wholesale prices and volumes, partially offset by higher energy costs. Retail customer volumes increased 4.2% overall (up 11.3% at MEC, 2.4% at PacifiCorp and 0.8% at NV Energy) in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024, primarily due to an overall favorable impact of weather and an increase in the average number of customers. The increase in energy operating expenses was primarily due to depreciation and amortization expense, insurance expenses and general and plant maintenance costs.
Net earnings of natural gas pipelines decreased $11 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024. The decrease in earnings reflected higher interest expense, largely due to debt issued in January 2025 and debt refinancings in the fourth quarter of 2024 at higher interest rates, decreased margin on gas sales and lower other income, partially offset by higher transportation and storage revenues.
Net earnings of other energy businesses increased $65 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024. The increase was primarily due to higher earnings at Northern Powergrid, from higher distribution revenue due to higher tariffs from inflation adjustments, partially offset by an income tax charge related to the March 2025 enactment of a change in the Energy Profits Levy income tax in the United Kingdom.
Net losses of real estate brokerage decreased by $144 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024, primarily attributable to charges in 2024 with respect to the ongoing real estate industry litigation matters. In April 2024, HomeServices agreed to terms with the plaintiffs to settle all claims asserted against HomeServices and certain of its subsidiaries and effectuate a nationwide class settlement. See Note 22 to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. The real estate brokerage business continues to be negatively impacted by the availability of homes for sale and high home prices.
Corporate interest and other after-tax earnings include BHE corporate interest expense and unallocated corporate and income tax expenses. Noncontrolling interests and preferred stock dividends include earnings attributable to non-Berkshire owners of BHE common stock and dividends on preferred stock held by other Berkshire subsidiaries. All remaining noncontrolling interests in BHE common stock were acquired in the second half of 2024 and the preferred stock was redeemed in the first quarter of 2025.
37
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Manufacturing, Service and Retailing
A summary of revenues and earnings of our manufacturing, service and retailing businesses follows (dollars in millions).
——————
* Excludes certain acquisition accounting expenses, which primarily relate to the amortization of intangible assets recorded in connection with certain of