specialty distributor of passive, interconnect, electromechanical, discrete, and semiconductor components used by customers in the manufacturing and assembling of electronic products. TTI’s customer base includes OEMs, electronic manufacturing services, original design manufacturers and military and commercial customers, as well as design and system engineers. TTI’s distribution agreements with the industry’s leading suppliers allow it to uniquely leverage its product cost and to expand its business by providing new lines and products to its customers. TTI operates sales offices and distribution centers from more than 180 locations throughout North America, South America, Europe and Asia.
TTI services a variety of industries including telecommunications, medical devices, computers and office equipment, military/aerospace, automotive and industrial electronics. TTI’s core businesses serve customers in the design through production stages in the electronic component supply chain, which supports high-volume customers. Its Mouser subsidiary supports a broader base of customers with lower volume purchases through internet-based marketing.
Other
XTRA Corporation (“XTRA”), headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, is a leading transportation equipment lessor operating under the XTRA Lease® brand name. XTRA manages a diverse fleet of approximately 93,000 units located at 47 facilities throughout the U.S. The fleet includes over-the-road and storage trailers, chassis, temperature-controlled vans and flatbed trailers. XTRA is one of the largest lessors (in terms of units available) of over-the-road trailers in North America. Transportation equipment customers lease equipment to cover cyclical, seasonal and geographic needs and as a substitute for purchasing equipment. By maintaining a large fleet, XTRA provides customers with a broad selection of equipment and quick response times.
International Dairy Queen Inc. develops and services a worldwide system of approximately 7,700 franchised restaurants operating primarily under the names DQ Grill and Chill®, Dairy Queen®, DQ® and Orange Julius® that offer various dairy desserts, beverages, prepared foods and blended fruit drinks. Business Wire Inc. (“Business Wire”) transmits full-text news releases, regulatory filings, photos and other multimedia content to journalists, financial professionals, investor services, regulatory authorities and the general public. Releases are distributed globally via Business Wire’s patented NX network. CORT Business Services Corporation (“CORT”) is a leading national provider of rental furniture and related services in the “rent-to-rent” segment of the furniture rental industry. CORT’s primary revenue streams include furniture rental to individuals, businesses, government agencies, the trade show and events industry and retail sales of new and used furniture. WPLG, Inc. is an ABC affiliate television broadcast station serving the Miami/Ft. Lauderdale market. WPLG, Inc. operates WPLG-