apparent until sometime after we have issued insurance or reinsurance contracts that are affected by the changes. As a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance or reinsurance contracts may not be known for many years after a contract is issued. Our estimated unpaid losses arising under contracts covering property and casualty insurance risks are large ($147.6 billion at December 31, 2024), and a small percentage increase to those liabilities can result in a material reduction in reported earnings.
Changes in regulations and regulatory actions can adversely affect our operating results and our ability to allocate capital.
Our insurance businesses are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Such regulations may relate to, among other things, the types of business that can be written, the rates that can be charged for coverage, the level of capital that must be maintained and restrictions on the types and size of investments that can be made. Regulations may also restrict the timing and amount of dividend payments to Berkshire by these businesses. U.S. state insurance regulators and international insurance regulators are also actively developing various regulatory mechanisms to address the regulation of large internationally active insurance groups, including regulations concerning group capital, liquidity, governance and risk management. Accordingly, changes in regulations related to these or other matters or regulatory actions imposing restrictions on our insurance businesses may adversely impact our results of operations and restrict our ability to allocate capital.
K-
26
Our railroad business conducted through BNSF is also subject to a significant number of laws and regulations with respect to rates and practices, taxes, railroad operations and a variety of health, safety, labor, environmental and other matters. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on BNSF’s business. Governments may change the legislative and/or regulatory framework within which BNSF operates, without providing any recourse for any adverse effects that the change may have on the business. Complying with legislative and regulatory changes may pose significant operating and implementation risks and require significant capital expenditures. BNSF can be exposed to significant litigation costs and losses arising from these matters and from ongoing business operations.
BNSF derives significant amounts of revenue from the transportation of energy-related commodities, particularly coal. To the extent that changes in government policies limit or restrict the usage of coal as a fuel source in generating electricity or alternate fuels, such as natural gas, or otherwise displace coal as an energy source, revenues and earnings could be adversely affected. As a common carrier, BNSF is also required to transport toxic inhalation hazard chemicals and other hazardous materials. A release of hazardous