Berkshire’s website (http://www.berkshirehathaway.com). Copies of these reports may also be obtained, free of charge, upon written request to: Berkshire Hathaway Inc., 3555 Farnam Street, Omaha, NE 68131, Attn: Corporate Secretary.
K-
23
Item 1A. Ris
k Factors
Berkshire and its subsidiaries (referred to herein as “we,” “us,” “our” or similar expressions) are subject to certain risks and uncertainties in its business operations which are described below. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that are presently unknown or are currently deemed immaterial may also impair our business operations.
General Business Risks
Terrorist acts could hurt our operating businesses.
A nuclear, biological or chemical terrorist attack or armed terrorist incursions could produce significant losses to our worldwide operations. Our business operations could be adversely affected from such acts through the loss of human life, destruction of production facilities and information systems or other property damage. We share these risks with all businesses.
Cybersecurity risks could result in economic losses to our businesses and reputational damage.
We rely on technology in virtually all aspects of our business. Like those of many large businesses, certain of our information systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, phishing efforts, denial-of-service attacks and other cyber-attacks. We expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future as such attacks become more sophisticated and frequent. A significant disruption or failure of our technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security events, regulatory compliance failures, an inability to protect information and assets against unauthorized users and other operational difficulties. Attacks perpetrated against our systems could result in loss of assets and critical information and expose us to remediation costs and reputational damage.
Although we have taken steps intended to mitigate these risks, including business continuity planning, disaster recovery planning and business impact analysis, a significant disruption or cyber intrusion at one or more of our significant operations could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. Additionally, if we are unable to acquire, develop, implement, adopt or protect rights around new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage, which could also have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity.
Cyber-attacks could further adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities, information technology and business systems or compromise confidential customer and employee information. Political, economic, social or financial market instability or damage to or interference with our operating assets, customers or suppliers from cyber-attacks may result in