billion in 2022. The reductions in 2024 and 2023 were primarily attributable to lower-than-expected property losses, while the reductions in 2022 were attributable to both property and casualty losses.
Estimated net claim liabilities for environmental and asbestos exposures, excluding liabilities under retroactive reinsurance contracts, were approximately $
1.9
billion at December 31, 2024 and $
2.0
billion at December 31, 2023. These liabilities are subject to change due to changes in the legal and regulatory environment, among other factors. We are unable to reliably estimate additional losses or a range of losses that are reasonably possible to arise from these factors.
Disaggregated information concerning our claim liabilities is provided below and in the pages that follow for GEICO, Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group (“BH Primary”) and Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group (“BHRG”). In this discussion, “claim-tail” refers to the period between the claim occurrence date and claim settlement or payment date.
A reconciliation of the disaggregated net unpaid losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses (the latter referred to as “ALAE”) to our consolidated claim liabilities as of December 31, 2024 follows (in millions).
GEICO
GEICO’s claim liabilities predominantly relate to various types of private passenger auto liability and physical damage claims. For such claims, we establish and evaluate unpaid claim liabilities using standard actuarial loss development methods and techniques. The actuarial methods utilize historical claims data, adjusted when deemed appropriate to reflect perceived changes in loss patterns. Claim liabilities include average, case, case development and IBNR estimates.
Average liabilities are based on expected severities for newly reported physical damage and liability claims prior to establishing individual case reserves when insufficient time or information is available for specific claim estimates and for large volumes of minor physical damage claims that are quickly settled. Case loss estimates for liability claims, including estimates for loss adjustment expenses, are based on the facts and merits of the claim.
Claim estimates for liability coverages normally reflect greater uncertainty than for physical damage coverages, primarily due to the longer claim-tails, the greater chance of litigation and the time needed to evaluate facts at the time the case estimate is first established. Consequently, additional case development liabilities are established, which are usually percentages of the case liabilities. For unreported claims, IBNR claim liabilities are estimated by projecting the ultimate number of claims expected (reported and unreported) for each significant coverage based on historical data, from which reported claims are deducted to produce the estimated number of unreported claims. The product of the average cost per unreported claim and the number of unreported claims produces the IBNR liability estimate. We may