Northern Natural’s end-use and distribution market area includes points in Iowa, Nebraska, Minnesota, Wisconsin, South Dakota, Michigan and Illinois and its natural gas supply and delivery service area includes points in Kansas, Texas, Oklahoma and New Mexico. Storage services are provided through the operation of one underground natural gas storage field in Iowa, two underground natural gas storage facilities in Kansas and two liquefied natural gas storage peaking units, one in Iowa and one in Minnesota.
Kern River’s system consists of approximately 1,400 miles of natural gas pipelines, which extends from the system’s point of origination in Wyoming through the Central Rocky Mountains into California.
Northern Powergrid (Northeast) and Northern Powergrid (Yorkshire) operate an electricity distribution network that includes approximately 17,100 miles of overhead lines, approximately 44,600 miles of underground cables and approximately 860 major substations. AltaLink’s electricity transmission system includes approximately 8,300 miles of transmission lines and approximately 310 substations.
Other Segments
Significant physical properties used by Berkshire’s other business segments are summarized below:
K-
30
Item 3. Legal
Proceedings
Berkshire and its subsidiaries are parties in a variety of legal actions that routinely arise out of the normal course of business, including legal actions seeking to establish liability directly through insurance contracts or indirectly through reinsurance contracts issued by Berkshire subsidiaries. Plaintiffs occasionally seek punitive or exemplary damages. We do not believe that such normal and routine litigation will have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
Reference is made to Note 27 to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for information concerning certain litigation involving Berkshire subsidiaries. Berkshire and certain of its subsidiaries are also involved in other kinds of legal actions, some of which assert or may assert claims or seek to impose fines and penalties. We currently believe that any liability that may arise from other pending legal actions will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.
Item 4. Mine Saf
ety Disclosures
Information regarding the Company’s mine safety violations and other legal matters disclosed in accordance with Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Reform Act is included in Exhibit 95 to this Form 10-K.
Executive Officers of the Registrant
Following is a list of the Registrant’s named executive officers:
Each executive officer serves, in accordance with the by-laws of the Registrant, until the first meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of shareholders and until a successor is chosen and qualified or until such executive officer sooner dies, resigns, is removed or becomes disqualified.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Investors are cautioned that certain