the participation of the Corporation’s management, including the Chairman (Chief Executive Officer) and the Senior Vice President (Chief Financial Officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation, the Chairman (Chief Executive Officer) and the Senior Vice President (Chief Financial Officer) concluded that the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to the Corporation (including its consolidated subsidiaries) required to be included in the Corporation’s periodic SEC filings. The report called for by Item 308(a) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, included on page K-63 of this report. The attestation report called for by Item 308(b) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, included on page K-64 of this report. There has been no change in the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B. Other
Information
Berkshire has not adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(a)(1)(i) of Regulation S-K) and no directors or executive officers
adopted
or
terminated
a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the fourth quarter of 2024.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection
Not applicable.
Part
III
Except for the information set forth under the caption “Executive Officers of the Registrant” in Part I hereof, information required by this Part (Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14) is incorporated by reference from the Registrant’s definitive proxy statement, filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the Registrant to be held on May 3, 2025, which will involve the election of directors.
Part
IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Finan
cial Statement Schedules
(a) 1.
Financial Statements
The following Consolidated Financial Statements, as well as the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, are included in Part II Item 8 of this report:
(b)
Exhibits
See the “Exhibit Index” at page K-121.
K-
117
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIS
TERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of
Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statement Schedule
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the Company’s internal control over financial