transaction price allocated to the significant unsatisfied remaining performance obligations related to contracts with expected durations exceeding one year as of March 31, 2025 and the timing of when the performance obligations are expected to be satisfied follows (in millions).
25
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 24. Business segment data
Berkshire’s numerous and diverse businesses are managed on an unusually decentralized basis. These businesses are aggregated into operating segments in a manner that reflects how Berkshire views the business activities. The tabular information that follows shows data of Berkshire’s reportable business segments reconciled to amounts reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Intersegment transactions are not eliminated from segment results when those transactions are considered in assessing the results of the respective segments. Furthermore, investment gains and losses, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairments and amortization of certain acquisition accounting adjustments or certain other corporate income and expense items are not considered in assessing the financial performance of operating businesses. Collectively, these items are included in corporate, eliminations and other to reconcile segment totals to consolidated amounts. The information in the following tables includes additional disclosures pursuant to ASU 2023-07, which we adopted as of December 31, 2024.
We view our insurance segment as possessing
two
distinct activities – underwriting and investing. Our underwriting activities are summarized for GEICO, Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group (“BH Primary”) and Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group (“BHRG”). Earnings data of our business segments are shown in the following tables (in millions).
Other segment items related to insurance underwriting include commissions and brokerage expenses and other insurance underwriting expenses.
Other segment items of BNSF include purchased services, equipment rents and materials expenses.
26
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 24. Business segment data
Other segment items of BHE primarily consist of property taxes and other expenses.
Other segment items of the manufacturing, services and retailing segments primarily consist of selling, general and administrative expenses.
Other segment items of Pilot primarily consist of store operating, interest and general and administrative expenses. Other segment items of McLane include general and administrative expenses.
Reconciliations of revenues and earnings before income taxes of our business segments to the consolidated amounts follow (in millions).
27
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 24. Business segment data
Additional segment data follows (in millions).
28
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Results of Operations
Net earnings attributable to Berkshire shareholders are disaggregated in the table