Express. Accordingly, we do not use the equity method with respect to our investment in American Express common stock, and we continue to record our investment at fair value.
Note 5. Equity method investments
Berkshire and its subsidiaries hold investments in certain entities that are accounted for pursuant to the equity method. The most significant of these are our investments in the common stock of The Kraft Heinz Company (“Kraft Heinz”) and Occidental. As of March 31, 2025, we owned
27.3
% of the outstanding Kraft Heinz common stock and
28.2
% of the outstanding Occidental common stock which excludes the potential effect of the exercise of Occidental’s outstanding common stock warrants.
Kraft Heinz manufactures and markets food and beverage products, including condiments and sauces, cheese and dairy, meals, meats, refreshment beverages, coffee and other grocery products. Occidental is an international energy company, whose activities include oil and natural gas exploration, development and production, and chemicals manufacturing businesses.
We also own a
50
% interest in Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC (“Berkadia”). Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (“Jefferies”) owns the other
50
% interest. Berkadia engages in mortgage banking, investment sales and servicing commercial/multi-family real estate loans. Berkadia’s commercial paper borrowing capacity (limited to $
1.5
billion) is supported by a surety policy issued by a Berkshire insurance subsidiary. Jefferies is obligated to indemnify us for one-half of any losses incurred under the policy.
The fair values and our carrying values of these investments are included in the following table (in millions).
9
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 5. Equity method investments
Kraft Heinz and Occidental common stocks are publicly traded. As of March 31, 2025, the excess of the carrying values over the fair values of our investments in Kraft Heinz and Occidental was
27
% and
24
%, respectively, of the carrying values of each investment. We evaluated these investments for other-than-temporary impairment as of March 31, 2025. For each investment, we considered our ability and intent to hold the investment until the fair value exceeds carrying value, the magnitude and duration of the decline in fair value, the operating results and financial condition of the company, as well as other factors. Based on the prevailing facts and circumstances, we concluded the recognition of an impairment charge in earnings was not required as of March 31, 2025.
As of March 31, 2025, the carrying values of our investments in Kraft Heinz and Berkadia approximated our share of shareowners’ equity of each of these entities. The carrying value of our investment in Occidental common stock exceeded our share of its shareholders’ equity as of December 31, 2024 by approximately $
9.9
billion. Based upon the limited information available to us, we concluded the excess represents goodwill.
Our earnings and distributions