insurance recoveries, of approximately $
2.75
billion. Wildfire loss accruals were $
346
million in 2024, $
1.9
billion in 2023 and $
225
million in 2022. Insurance recoveries recorded to date in connection with the Wildfires were $
530
million, including $
253
million in 2023 and $
161
million in 2022. No further insurance recoveries are expected to become available. Cumulative Wildfire loss payments through December 31, 2024 were approximately $
1.2
billion, of which $
533
million was paid in 2024. Estimated unpaid liabilities for the Wildfires were approximately $
1.54
billion at December 31, 2024.
K-
115
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(27)
Contingencies and commitments
It is reasonably possible PacifiCorp will incur significant additional Wildfire losses beyond the amounts currently accrued; however, it is currently unable to reasonably estimate the range of possible additional losses that could be incurred due to the number of properties and parties involved, including claimants in the class to the James case and the 2022 Wildfire, the variation in the types of properties and damages and the ultimate outcome of legal actions, including mediation, settlement negotiations, jury verdicts and the appeals process.
HomeServices of America, Inc.
HomeServices is currently defending against several antitrust cases, all in federal district courts. In each case, plaintiffs claim HomeServices and certain of its subsidiaries (and in one case BHE) conspired with co-defendants to artificially inflate real estate commissions by following and enforcing multiple listing service (“MLS”) rules that require listing agents to offer a commission split to cooperating agents in order for the property to appear on the MLS (“Cooperative Compensation Rule”). None of the complaints specify damages sought. However,
two
cases also allege Texas state law deceptive trade practices claims, for which plaintiffs have asserted damages totaling approximately $
9
billion by separate written notice as required by Texas law.
In
one
of these cases, Burnett (formerly Sitzer) et al. v. HomeServices of America, Inc. et al. (the “Burnett case”), a jury trial in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Missouri commenced on October 16, 2023, and the jury returned a verdict for the plaintiffs on October 31, 2023, finding that the named defendants participated in a conspiracy to follow and enforce the Cooperative Compensation Rule, which conspiracy had the purpose or effect of raising, inflating, or stabilizing broker commission rates paid by home sellers. The jury further found that the class plaintiffs had proved damages in the amount of $
1.8
billion. Joint and several liability applies for the co-defendants. Federal law authorizes trebling of damages and the award of pre-judgment interest and attorney fees. To date, all co-defendants have reached settlements with the plaintiffs. The U.S District Court approved certain of these settlements in May 2024, which has