and practices concerning the attraction and retention of personnel within their organizations. Given the wide variations in the nature and size of business activities, specific policies and practices vary among Berkshire’s operating subsidiaries. Policies and practices commonly address, among other things: maintaining a safe work environment and minimizing or eliminating workplace injuries; offering competitive compensation, which includes various health insurance and retirement benefits, as well as incentives to recognize and reward performance; wellness programs; training, learning and career advancement opportunities; and hiring practices intended to identify qualified candidates. Berkshire’s combined U.S. workforce data, based on U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission guidelines, is available on its website
(https://www.berkshirehathaway.com
), under sustainability.
Insurance Businesses
Berkshire’s insurance business activities are conducted through numerous domestic and foreign-based insurance subsidiaries. Berkshire’s insurance subsidiaries provide insurance and reinsurance of property and casualty risks as well as life and health risks worldwide. Berkshire’s insurance businesses employed approximately 41,500 people at the end of 2024. For purposes of this discussion, entities that provide insurance or reinsurance are referred to as insurers.
In direct or primary insurance activities, the insurer assumes the risk of loss from people or organizations that are directly subject to the risks. Such risks may relate to property, casualty (or liability), life, accident, health, financial or other perils that arise from an insurable event. In reinsurance activities, the insurer assumes defined portions of risks that other direct insurers or reinsurers assumed in their own insuring activities.
Insurance and reinsurance are generally subject to regulatory oversight throughout the world. Except for regulatory considerations, there are virtually no barriers to entry into the insurance and reinsurance industry. Competitors may be domestic or foreign, as well as licensed or unlicensed. The number of competitors within the industry is not known. Insurers compete on the basis of reliability, financial strength and stability, financial ratings, underwriting consistency, service, business ethics, price, performance, capacity, policy terms and coverage conditions.
Insurers based in the U.S. are subject to regulation by their states of domicile and by those states in which they are licensed to write policies on an admitted basis. The primary focus of state regulation is to monitor financial solvency of insurers and otherwise protect policyholder interests. States establish minimum capital levels for insurance companies and establish guidelines for permissible business and investment activities and have the authority to suspend or revoke a company’s authority to do business. States regulate the payment of shareholder dividends by insurance companies and