underwriting gains in the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, and the average cost of float was negative in each period.
A summary of cash and investments held in our insurance businesses follows (in millions).
Fixed maturity investments as of March 31, 2025 follows (in millions).
U.S. government obligations are rated AA+ or Aaa by the major rating agencies. Approximately 94% of our foreign government investments were rated AA or higher by at least one of the major rating agencies. Foreign government securities are issued or unconditionally guaranteed by national or provincial government entities.
34
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
BNSF
Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC (“BNSF”) operates one of the largest railroad systems in North America, with over 32,500 route miles of track in 28 states. BNSF also operates in three Canadian provinces. BNSF classifies its major business groups by type of product shipped, including consumer products, agricultural and energy products, industrial products and coal. A summary of BNSF’s earnings follows (dollars in millions).
A summary of BNSF’s railroad freight volumes by business group follows (cars/units in thousands).
Railroad operating revenues increased slightly in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to a 4.1% increase in unit volume and core pricing gains, partially offset by a decline in average revenue per car/unit resulting from lower fuel surcharge revenue and unfavorable business mix. Pre-tax earnings increased 5.5% in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024.
Operating revenues from consumer products were $2.0 billion in the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 3.2% from 2024, reflecting an increase in volumes of 8.6%, partially offset by lower average revenue per car/unit. The volume increase was primarily due to higher intermodal shipments resulting from increased west coast imports and an increase in automotive volume from higher vehicle production.
Operating revenues from agricultural and energy products were $1.6 billion in the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 0.8% compared to 2024, attributable to higher average revenue per car/unit, partially offset by a slight volume decrease. The slight volume decrease was mainly due to lower volumes of domestic grains.
Operating revenues from industrial products were $1.2 billion in the first quarter of 2025, a 3.3% decrease from 2024. The decline was attributable to a 5.9% decrease in volumes, partially offset by higher average revenue per car/unit. The volume decline was primarily due to weather related impacts and lower demand for construction and building products.
Operating revenues from coal were $734 million in the first quarter of 2025, a decline of 4.1% compared to 2024, reflecting lower average revenue per car/unit, partially offset by higher volumes of 1.7%. The volume increase was attributable to increased demand from higher natural gas prices.
Railroad