as to the final Pillar Two model rules.
K-
101
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(21)
Fair value measurements
Our financial assets and liabilities are summarized below, with fair values shown according to the fair value hierarchy (in millions). The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury Bills, other receivables and accounts payable, accruals and other liabilities are considered to be reasonable estimates of or otherwise approximate the fair values.
(1)
Assets are included in other assets, and liabilities are included in accounts payable, accruals and other liabilities.
K-
102
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(21)
Fair value measurements
The fair values of substantially all of our financial instruments were measured using market or income approaches. The hierarchy for measuring fair value consists of Levels 1 through 3, which are described below.
Level 1
– Inputs represent unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities exchanged in active markets.
Level 2
– Inputs include directly or indirectly observable inputs (other than Level 1 inputs) such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities exchanged in active or inactive markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities exchanged in inactive markets; other inputs that may be considered in fair value determinations of the assets or liabilities, such as interest rates and yield curves, volatilities, prepayment speeds, loss severities, credit risks and default rates; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. Pricing evaluations generally reflect discounted expected future cash flows, which incorporate yield curves for instruments with similar characteristics, such as credit ratings, estimated durations and yields for other instruments of the issuer or entities in the same industry sector.
Level 3
– Inputs include unobservable inputs used in the measurement of assets and liabilities. Management is required to use its own assumptions regarding unobservable inputs because there is little, if any, market activity in the assets or liabilities and it may be unable to corroborate the related observable inputs. Unobservable inputs require management to make certain projections and assumptions about the information that would be used by market participants in valuing assets or liabilities.
Reconciliations of significant assets and liabilities measured and carried at fair value on a recurring basis with the use of significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for each of the three years ending
December 31, 2024 follow (in millions).
Quantitative information as of
December 31, 2024 for the significant assets measured and carried at fair value on a recurring basis with the use of significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) follows (dollars in millions).
Investments in equity securities in the preceding table include our investments in certain preferred and common stock