prefabricated roof and floor trusses and wall panels for the residential building market. MiTek also sells construction hardware to commercial distributors and retail stores for do-it-yourself customers.
A significant raw material used by MiTek is hot dipped galvanized sheet steel. While supplies are adequate, variations in supply can produce significant variations in cost and availability.
Benjamin Moore
Benjamin Moore & Co. (“Benjamin Moore”), headquartered in Montvale, New Jersey, is one of North America’s leading manufacturers of premium quality residential, commercial and industrial maintenance coatings. Benjamin Moore is committed to innovation and sustainable manufacturing practices. The Benjamin Moore premium portfolio includes Aura®, Regal® Select, Ben®, Advance®, Element Guard®, Woodluxe®, Ultra Spec® and others. The Benjamin Moore diversified brands include specialty and architectural paints from Coronado® and Insl-x®.
Benjamin Moore coatings are available through more than 8,000 independently owned and operated paint, decorating and hardware retailers, including approximately 4,000 Ace Hardware (“Ace”) stores, throughout the U.S. and Canada as well as 66 countries globally. Benjamin Moore is the preferred paint supplier for Ace stores through an agreement which permits Ace stores to carry specified Benjamin Moore products. Additionally, Benjamin Moore manufactures Clark+Kensington® and Royal® brands, as well as the balance of Ace’s private label paint brands.
Benjamin Moore also allows customers to directly order coatings or color samples online or via its customer information center for national accounts. Orders may be delivered to the customer or a retailer near the customer.
Benjamin Moore competes with numerous manufacturers, distributors and paint, coatings and related products retailers. Product quality, product innovation, breadth of product line, technical expertise, service and price determine the competitive advantage. Competitors include other premium paint and decorating stores, mass merchandisers, home centers, independent hardware stores, hardware chains and manufacturer-operated direct outlets, such as Sherwin-Williams Company, The Pittsburgh Paints Company, The Home Depot, Inc., Lowe’s Companies, Inc and Farrow & Ball.
The most significant raw materials in Benjamin Moore products are titanium dioxide, monomers, polymers, packaging materials and pigments. Historically, the purchased raw materials have been generally available, with pricing and availability subject to fluctuation.
Benjamin Moore complies with applicable regulations relating to protection of the environment and workers’ safety and Benjamin Moore products are compliant with environmental standards. Benjamin Moore has certain known past environmental matters, which are subject to on-going monitoring and/or remediation efforts.
Acme
Acme Brick Company (“Acme”), headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas, manufactures and distributes clay bricks (Acme Brick®) and