(17.5%), attributable to higher average lease rates and higher repair rates and volumes. Additionally, revenues increased in the Water Technologies (7.6%) and Foodservice Technologies (9.5%) groups, primarily due to volume increases, while revenues increased in the Electrical (6.8%) and Plumbing & Refrigeration (5.9%) groups, primarily attributable to copper price increases. The largest revenue declines were experienced by the Metal Services (13.2%) and Retail Solutions (25.2%) groups, reflecting a combination of reduced volumes and lower steel prices.
Marmon’s pre-tax earnings declined 2.4% in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024. Seven of Marmon’s business groups reported lower earnings, primarily driven by the Electrical group due to lower margins in the building wire business and soft demand in the utilities market. Additionally, earnings declined in the Metal Services and Retail Solutions groups due to lower revenues. These earnings decreases were partially offset by earnings increases in the Water Technologies, Plumbing & Refrigeration and Transportation Products groups. The impact of higher revenues in the Rail & Leasing group was largely offset by increased maintenance costs on tank cars requiring regulatory inspection and maintenance procedures and reduced gains from asset sales.
IMC’s revenues were $1.0 billion in the first quarter of 2025, a decrease of 3.3% compared to the first quarter of 2024. The decline reflected lower organic sales attributable to sluggish customer demand across all major regions, unfavorable foreign currency translation from a stronger U.S. Dollar and lower investment income, partially offset by the impact of business acquisitions. The decline in organic sales was attributable to weaker general economic conditions and ongoing geopolitical conflicts. IMC’s pre-tax earnings declined 18.7% in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024, primarily attributable to lower sales and gross margin rates and lower investment and other income. IMC operates globally and a large portion of its products are manufactured in Israel. IMC’s operations in Israel have not been significantly impacted by the conflicts in the region.
Building products
The building products group includes manufactured and site-built home construction and related lending and financial services (Clayton Homes), flooring (Shaw), insulation, roofing and engineered products (Johns Manville), bricks and masonry products (Acme Building Brands), paint and coatings (Benjamin Moore) and residential and commercial construction and engineering products and systems (MiTek).
Revenues of the building products group increased $79 million (1.3%) and pre-tax earnings declined $117 million (11.7%) in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the first quarter of 2024.
39
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Manufacturing, Service and Retailing
Clayton Homes’ revenues increased 7.4% to $2.9 billion in the first