we judgmentally allocate losses to property and casualty coverages based on internal estimates.
The nature, extent, timing and perceived reliability of loss information received from ceding companies varies widely depending on the type of coverage and the contractual reporting terms. Reinsurance contract (or policy) terms, conditions and coverages also tend to lack standardization and may evolve more rapidly than primary insurance policies.
K-
57
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Critical Accounting Estimates
Property and casualty insurance unpaid losses
The loss information provided under many facultative (individual risk) or per occurrence excess-of-loss contracts may be comparable to the information received under a primary insurance contract. However, loss information with respect to aggregate excess-of-loss and quota-share contracts is often in a summary form rather than on an individual claim basis. Loss data includes currently recoverable paid losses, as well as case loss estimates. Ceding companies infrequently provide reliable IBNR loss estimates.
Loss reporting to reinsurers is typically slower than primary insurers. Client reporting of claims information is required based on the terms of the contract at intervals ranging from 30 to 180 days after the end of the quarterly or annual period, reporting practices can vary by jurisdiction. To the extent that reinsurers assume and cede underlying risks from other reinsurers, further delays in claims reporting may occur. The relative impact of reporting delays depends on the type of coverage, contractual reporting terms, or the magnitude of the claim relative to the attachment point of the reinsurance coverage.
The premium and loss data BHRG receives is at least one level removed from the underlying claimant, so there is a risk that the loss data reported is incomplete, inaccurate or the claim is outside the coverage terms. We maintain internal procedures to determine that the information is complete and in compliance with the contract terms. Generally, our reinsurance contracts permit us to audit the ceding company’s records with respect to the subject business for compliance with the terms of the policy. Disputes occasionally arise concerning whether claims are covered by our reinsurance policies, which are normally resolved through negotiation. If disputes cannot be resolved, our contracts generally provide arbitration or alternative dispute resolution processes. We believe there are no coverage disputes at this time for which an adverse resolution would likely have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
Establishing claim liability estimates for reinsurance requires evaluation of loss information received from our clients. While we generally rely on the ceding companies’ reported case loss estimates, we may perform our own evaluations certain reported case losses and if deemed appropriate, use our own case liability estimate. As of December