was approximately
25
% of the carrying value. We evaluated these investments for other-than-temporary impairment as of December 31, 2024. For each investment, we considered our ability and intent to hold the investment until the fair value exceeds carrying value, the magnitude and duration of the decline in fair value, the operating results of the company, as well as other factors. Based on the prevailing facts and circumstances, we concluded the recognition of an impairment charge in earnings was not required.
As of December 31, 2024, the carrying values of our investments in Kraft Heinz and Berkadia approximated our share of shareowners’ equity of each of these entities. The carrying value of our investment in Occidental common stock exceeded our share of its shareholders’
equity as of September 30, 2024 by approximately $
9.9
billion. Based upon the limited information available to us, we concluded the excess represents goodwill.
As described in Note 2, we ceased accounting for Pilot under the equity method as of February 1, 2023. Equity method earnings attributable to Pilot were $
105
million for the month ending January 31, 2023 and are reported in other in the following table. Occidental’s financial information is not available in time for concurrent reporting in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Therefore, we report the equity method effects for Occidental on a one-quarter lag.
Our earnings and distributions received from equity method investments are summarized in the following table (in millions).
Summarized consolidated financial information of Kraft Heinz follows (in millions).
Summarized consolidated financial information of Occidental follows (in millions).
K-
83
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(6)
Investment gains (losses)
Investment gains (losses) for each of the three years ending
December 31, 2024 are summarized as follows (in millions).
Equity securities gains and losses include unrealized gains and losses from changes in fair values during the year on equity securities we still own, as well as gains and losses on securities we sold during the year. As shown in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, our proceeds from sales of equity securities were approximately $
143.4
billion in
2024
, $
40.6
billion in
2023
and $
33.7
billion in
2022. In the preceding table, investment gains and losses on equity securities sold during the year represent the difference between the sales proceeds and the fair value of the equity securities sold at the beginning of the applicable year or, if later, the purchase date. Our taxable gains and losses on equity securities sold are generally the difference between the proceeds from sales and cost at the acquisition date. Equity securities sold produced taxable gains of
$
101.1
billion
in 2024,
$
5.0
billion
in 2023 and
$
769.0
million
in 2022
. Other investment gains included approximately $
3.0
billion in 2023 from the remeasurement of our pre-existing
38.6
% interest in Pilot