TV, local10.com, MeTV South Florida and Heroes & Icons Network in South Florida. Charter Brokerage Holdings Corp. is a leading non-asset based third party logistics provider to various industries.
The services group also includes IPS-Integrated Project Services, LLC (“IPS”), which was acquired in connection with the Alleghany acquisition in 2022. IPS operates globally and provides a range of professional design, validation, construction, project controls and consulting services for manufacturing and support facilities within the pharmaceutical, biotech and life sciences, science and technology, data center, industrial, commercial and retail industries. IPS’s services are required to be compliant with each jurisdiction’s regulations applicable to the engineering and architectural service providers.
Retailing Businesses
Berkshire’s retailing businesses include automotive, home furnishings and several other operations that sell various consumer products and services. Berkshire’s retailing businesses employed approximately 26,000 people at the end of 2024. Information regarding each of these operations follows.
K-
21
Berkshire Hathaway Automotive
Berkshire Hathaway Automotive, Inc. (“BHA”) is one of the largest automotive retailers in the U.S., operating 108 new vehicle franchises through 83 dealerships located primarily in major metropolitan markets in the U.S. The dealerships sell new and used vehicles, vehicle maintenance and repair services, extended service contracts, vehicle protection products and other aftermarket products. BHA also arranges financing for its customers through third-party lenders. BHA operates 31 collision centers directly connected to the dealerships’ operations and owns and operates two auto auctions and an automotive fluid maintenance products distributor.
Dealership operations are highly concentrated in the Arizona and Texas markets, with approximately 75% of dealership-related revenues derived from sales in these markets. BHA maintains franchise agreements with 27 different vehicle manufacturers, although it derives a significant portion of its revenue from the Toyota/Lexus, General Motors, Ford/Lincoln, Nissan/Infiniti and Honda/Acura brands. These manufacturers normally represent approximately 90% of the revenue generated by BHA’s dealerships.
The retail automotive industry is highly competitive. BHA faces competition from other large public and private dealership groups, as well as individual franchised dealerships and competition via the Internet. Given the retail price transparency available via the Internet, and the fact that franchised dealers acquire vehicles from the manufacturers on the same terms irrespective of volume, the location and quality of the dealership facility, customer service and transaction speed are key differentiators in attracting customers.
BHA’s overall relationships with the automobile manufacturers are governed by framework agreements. The framework agreements contain provisions relating