HomeServices’ principal sources of revenue are dependent on residential real estate transaction volumes, which are normally higher in the second and third quarters of each year. This business is highly competitive and subject to general real estate market conditions.
Manufacturing Businesses
Berkshire’s numerous and diverse manufacturing subsidiaries are grouped into three categories: (1) industrial products, (2) building products and (3) consumer products. Berkshire’s industrial products businesses manufacture components for aerospace and power generation applications, specialty chemicals, metal cutting tools and a variety of other products primarily for industrial use. The building products group produces prefabricated and site-built residential homes, flooring products, insulation, roofing and engineered products, building and engineered components, paint and coatings and bricks and masonry products. The consumer products group manufactures and/or distributes recreational vehicles, batteries, various apparel, footwear and other products. Information concerning the major activities of these three groups follows. Berkshire’s manufacturing businesses employed approximately 180,000 people at the end of 2024.
Industrial products
Precision Castparts
Precision Castparts Corp. (“PCC”), based in Lake Oswego, Oregon, manufactures complex metal components and products and provides high-quality investment castings, forgings, fasteners/fastener systems and aerostructures for critical aerospace and power and energy applications. PCC also manufactures (1) investment castings and forgings for general industrial, armament, medical and other applications; (2) nickel, titanium and cobalt alloys in all standard mill forms, including specialty alloys used to produce investment castings and forgings for the aerospace, chemical processing, oil and gas, pollution control and other industries; (3) fasteners and engineered products for automotive and general industrial markets; and (4) other products and services for various markets and applications.
Investment casting technology involves a multi-step process that uses ceramic molds in the manufacture of metal components with more complex shapes, closer tolerances and finer surface finishes than parts manufactured using other methods. PCC uses this process to manufacture products for aircraft engines, industrial gas turbine and other aeroderivative engines, airframes, medical implants, armament, unmanned aerial vehicles and other industrial applications. PCC also manufactures high temperature carbon and ceramic composite components, including ceramic matrix composites, for use in next-generation aerospace engines.
PCC uses forging processes to manufacture components for the aerospace and power generation markets. PCC manufactures high-performance, nickel-based alloys, as well as titanium alloys and products. PCC’s nickel-based alloys are used to produce forged components and investment castings for aerospace and non-