sponsored insurance programs. Reinsurance recoverables arise from unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses on property and casualty claims and benefits under life and health contracts. Receivables are stated net of estimated allowances for uncollectible balances.
We measure expected credit losses primarily utilizing credit loss history. In addition, our credit loss estimates consider current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. In evaluating expected credit losses of reinsurance recoverables on unpaid losses, we review the credit quality of the counterparty and consider right-of-offset provisions within reinsurance contracts and other forms of credit enhancement including collateral, guarantees and other available information. We charge off receivables against the allowances after reasonable collection efforts are exhausted.
(i)
Derivatives
We carry assets and liabilities arising from derivative contracts at fair value in other assets and accounts payable, accruals and other liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Balances are net of reductions permitted under master netting agreements with counterparties. We record the changes in fair value of derivative contracts that do not qualify as hedging instruments for financial reporting purposes in earnings or if such contracts involve our regulated utilities subsidiaries, as regulatory assets or liabilities when inclusion in regulated rates is probable.
(j)
Fair value measurements
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability between market participants in the principal market or in the most advantageous market when no principal market exists. Adjustments to transaction prices or quoted market prices may be required in illiquid or disorderly markets when estimating fair value. In such circumstances, alternative valuation techniques may be appropriate to determine the value that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction. Market participants are assumed to be independent, knowledgeable, and able and willing to transact an exchange and not acting under duress. Our nonperformance or credit risk is considered in determining the fair value of liabilities. Considerable judgment may be required in interpreting market data used to develop the estimates of fair value. Accordingly, estimates of fair value presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized in a current or future market exchange.
(k)
Inventories
Inventories consist of manufactured products, goods or products acquired for resale, materials and supplies and homes constructed for sale. Manufactured inventory costs include materials, direct and indirect labor and factory overhead. At December 31, 2024, we used the last-in-first-out (“LIFO”) method to value
32
% of consolidated inventories with the remainder primarily determined under first-in-first-out and average cost methods.