Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation, the Chairman (Chief Executive Officer) and the Senior Vice President (Chief Financial Officer) concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to the Company (including its consolidated subsidiaries) required to be included in the Company’s periodic SEC filings. During the quarter, there have been no significant changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect internal control over financial reporting.
Part II Other
Information
Item 1. Legal
Proceedings
Berkshire and its subsidiaries are parties in a variety of legal actions that routinely arise out of the normal course of business, including legal actions seeking to establish liability directly through insurance contracts or indirectly through reinsurance contracts issued by Berkshire subsidiaries. Plaintiffs occasionally seek punitive or exemplary damages. We do not believe that such normal and routine litigation will have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
Reference is made to Note 22 to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for information concerning certain litigation involving Berkshire subsidiaries. Berkshire and certain of its subsidiaries are also involved in other kinds of legal actions, some of which assert or may assert claims or seek to impose fines and penalties. We currently believe that any liability that may arise as a result of other pending legal actions will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.
Item 1A. Ris
k Factors
Our significant business risks are described in Item 1A to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, to which reference is made herein. The risks and uncertainties we describe are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or operations. Any adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results could result in a decline in the value of our securities and the loss of all or part of your investment.
46
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use o
f Proceeds and Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities
Berkshire’s common stock repurchase program permits Berkshire to repurchase its Class A and Class B shares any time that Warren Buffett, Berkshire’s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, believes that the repurchase price is below Berkshire’s intrinsic value, conservatively determined. Repurchases may be in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. No Class A or Class B shares were repurchased in the first quarter of 2025.
——————
* The program does not specify a maximum number of shares to be repurchased or obligate Berkshire to repurchase any specific dollar amount or number of