%. Prior to the transaction, we also held
100
% of the general partner interest and we consolidated Cove Point for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, the interest acquired was an acquisition of a noncontrolling interest. We recorded a ch
arge of $
667
million in 2023 to our capital in excess of par for the excess of the consideration
paid over the carrying value of the noncontrolling interest acquired and deferred income tax assets arising from the transaction.
(3)
Investments in fixed maturity securities
Investments in fixed maturity securities are summarized by type below (in millions).
As of December 31, 2024, approximately
94
% of our
foreign government holdings
were rated AA or higher by at least one of the major rating agencies. The amortized cost and estimated fair value of fixed maturity securities at December 31, 2024 are summarized below by contractual maturity dates (in millions). Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities due to prepayment rights held by issuers.
(4)
Investments in equity securities
Investments in equity securities are summarized as follows (in millions).
K-
81
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(4)
Investments in equity securities
Our investments in equity securities over the years have been concentrated in relatively few companies. The fair value of our
five
largest holdings at
December 31, 2024 and 2023 represented
71
%
and
79
%
, respectively, of the aggregate fair value of our equity securities shown in the preceding tables. The five largest holdings at each date were American Express Company, Apple Inc., Bank of America Corporation, The Coca-Cola Company and Chevron Corporation.
Since 2019, we have also owned non-voting Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock of Occidental Petroleum Corporation (“Occidental”) and Occidental common stock warrants. Our investments in the Occidental preferred stock and Occidental common stock warrants are recorded at fair value and included as equity securities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, as such investments are not in-substance common stock under GAAP and are not eligible for the equity method. We account for our investment in Occidental common stock under the equity method. See Note 5.
The Occidental preferred stock
accrues
dividends at
8
% per annum and is redeemable at the option of Occidental commencing in
2029
at a redemption price equal to
105
% of the liquidation value. As of
December 31, 2024
, our investment in Occidental preferred stock had an aggregate liquidation value of approximately $
8.5
billion. During 2023, Occidental issued
mandatory redemption notifications
for approximately $
1.5
billion of the aggregate liquidation value due to excess distributions by Occidental to its common stockholders, as defined under the terms of the Occidental preferred stock certificate of designations.
The Occidental common stock warrants allow us to purchase up to
83.86
million shares of Occidental common stock at an exercise price of $
59.62
per