concrete block (Featherlite). In addition, Acme distributes numerous other building products of other manufacturers, including cladding, floor and wall tile, wood flooring and other masonry products. Products are sold primarily in the South Central and Southeastern U.S. through company-operated sales offices. Acme distributes products primarily to homebuilders and masonry and general contractors.
Acme operates 12 clay brick manufacturing sites located in four states and three concrete block facilities in Texas. The demand for Acme’s products is seasonal, with higher sales in the warmer weather months, and is subject to the level of construction activity, which is cyclical. Acme also owns and leases properties and mineral rights that supply raw materials used in many of its manufactured products. Acme’s raw materials supply is currently adequate.
K-
17
The brick industry is subject to the EPA Maximum Achievable Control Technology Standards (“MACT”). As required under the 1990 Clean Air Act, the EPA developed a list of source categories that require the development of National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants, which are also referred to as MACT Standards (“Rule”). Key elements of the MACT Rule include emission limits established for certain hazardous air pollutants and acidic gases. Acme’s brick plants comply with the current Rule.
Consumer Products
Recreational vehicles
Forest River, Inc. (“Forest River”), headquartered in Elkhart, Indiana, is a manufacturer of recreational vehicles (“RV”), utility cargo trailers, buses and pontoon boats with products sold in the U.S. and Canada through an independent dealer network. Forest River has numerous manufacturing facilities located in seven states and is a leading manufacturer of RVs with numerous brand names, including Forest River, Coachmen RV and Prime Time. Utility cargo trailers are sold under a variety of brand names. Buses are sold under several brand names, including Starcraft Bus. Pontoon boats are sold under the Berkshire, South Bay and Trifecta brand names.
The RV industry is highly competitive. Competition is based primarily on price, design, quality and service. The industry has consolidated over the past several years and is concentrated in a few companies, the largest of which had a market share of approximately 40% based on industry data as of September 2024. Forest River held a market share of approximately 35% at that time. Forest River is subject to regulations of the National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety Act, the safety standards for recreational vehicles established by the U.S. Department of Transportation and similar laws and regulations issued by the Canadian government. Forest River is a member of the Recreational Vehicle Industry Association, a voluntary association of RV manufacturers which promotes safety standards for RVs. Forest River believes its products comply in all material respects with the standards that govern its products.
Apparel and footwear