designed to help the lead supervisor understand the capital adequacy across an insurance group. The NAIC is also developing further tools, including various liquidity assessments, that will likely be imposed on insurance groups in the future. While the ICS is based on a consolidation approach, the GCC is based on an aggregation approach called the Aggregation Method. In December 2024, the IAIS announced that the Aggregation Method has been deemed to be comparable to the ICS.
The Nebraska Department of Insurance (“Nebraska DOI”) acts as the lead supervisor for Berkshire’s insurance group and chairs the Berkshire supervisory college. The Nebraska DOI adopted the GCC tool, and Berkshire’s insurance subsidiaries are required to submit an annual GCC to it.
Berkshire’s insurance companies maintain capital strength at exceptionally high levels, which differentiates them from their competitors. The combined statutory surplus of Berkshire’s U.S.-based insurers was approximately $310 billion at December 31, 2024. Berkshire’s major insurance subsidiaries are rated AA+ by Standard & Poor’s and A++ (superior) by A.M. Best with respect to their financial condition and claims paying ability.
The Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 established a Terrorism Insurance Program (“Program”) within the U.S. Department of the Treasury to provide federal reinsurance of certified terrorism losses incurred by U.S. commercial property and casualty insurers. The Program extends to December 31, 2027 through the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019. Hereinafter these Acts are collectively referred to as TRIA. The Department of the Treasury is responsible for certifying acts of terrorism under TRIA. Federal reinsurance under TRIA may apply if the industry insured loss for certified events occurring during the calendar year exceeds $200 million.
To be eligible for reinsurance under TRIA, insurers must make insurance coverage available for acts of terrorism by providing policyholders with clear and conspicuous notice of the amount of premium that will be charged for the coverage and the federal share of insured losses resulting from an act of terrorism. TRIA excludes certain forms of direct insurance, such as personal and commercial auto, burglary, theft, surety and certain professional liability lines. Reinsurers are not required to offer terrorism coverage and are not eligible for federal reinsurance of terrorism losses.
In the event of a certified act of terrorism, the federal government will reimburse insurers (conditioned on their satisfaction of policyholder notification requirements) for 80% of their insured losses in excess of the insurers group deductible. Under TRIA, the deductible is 20% of the aggregate direct subject earned premium for relevant commercial lines of business in the immediately preceding calendar year. The aggregate deductible for Berkshire’s insurance group is expected to be approximately $2.6 billion in 2025. There is also an