Protection Agency (“EPA”), as well as other federal and state regulatory agencies and Canadian regulatory agencies for operations in Canada. The STB has jurisdiction over disputes and complaints involving certain rates, routes and services, the sale or abandonment of rail lines, applications for line extensions and construction, and the merger with or acquisition of control of rail common carriers. The outcome of STB proceedings can affect the profitability of BNSF Railway’s business.
The DOT, OSHA and EPA have jurisdiction under several federal statutes over a number of safety, health and environmental aspects of rail operations, including the transportation of hazardous materials. BNSF Railway is required to transport these materials to the extent of its common carrier obligation. State agencies regulate some health, safety and environmental aspects of rail operations in areas not otherwise preempted by federal law.
K-
6
Environmental Matters
BNSF’s rail operations, as well as those of its competitors, are also subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental regulations covering discharges to the ground or waters, air emissions, toxic substances and the generation, handling, storage, transportation and disposal of waste and hazardous materials. Such regulations effectively increase the costs and liabilities associated with rail operations. Environmental risks are also inherent in rail operations, which frequently involve transporting chemicals and other hazardous materials.
Many of BNSF’s land holdings are or have been used for industrial or transportation-related purposes or leased to commercial or industrial companies whose activities may have resulted in discharges onto the property. Under federal statutes (in particular, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act) and state statutes, BNSF may be held jointly and severally liable for cleanup and enforcement costs associated with a particular site without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct. BNSF may also be subject to claims by third parties for investigation, cleanup, restoration or other environmental costs under environmental statutes or common law with respect to properties they own that have been impacted by BNSF operations.
Consumption of diesel fuel by locomotives accounted for approximately 80% of BNSF Railway’s greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions in its baseline year of 2018. BNSF management has committed to a broad sustainability model, applying science-based approaches, that is anticipated to result in a 30% reduction in BNSF Railway’s GHG emissions by 2030 from its baseline year of 2018. BNSF Railway intends to continue improvements in fuel efficiency and increased utilization of renewable diesel fuel. Long-term solutions, such as battery-electric and hydrogen locomotives, are also being evaluated and field-tested.
Competition
The business environment in which BNSF Railway operates is highly competitive. Depending on the