supplies, educational games and patient giveaways. OTC, headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska, serves a broad base of over three million customers annually, including consumers, schools, churches, non-profit organizations, medical and dental offices and other businesses. OTC offers a unique assortment of over 70,000 fun value-priced products emphasizing proprietary designs. OTC operates both direct-to-consumer and business-to-business brands including Oriental Trading®, Fun Express®, MindWare®, SmileMakers®, Morris Costumes® and HalloweenExpress.com® and utilizes a multi-channel marketing approach along with dedicated sales teams to promote online sales.
Detlev Louis Motorrad (“Louis”), headquartered in Hamburg, Germany, is a leading retailer of motorcycle clothing and equipment in Europe. Louis carries over 50,000 different store and private label products, mainly covering the areas of clothing, technical equipment and leisure. Louis has over 80 stores in Germany, Austria, Switzerland and the Netherlands as well as an online business with online shops in various languages in Europe.
Additional information with respect to Berkshire’s businesses
Revenue, earnings before taxes and identifiable assets attributable to Berkshire’s reportable business segments are included in Note 26 to Berkshire’s Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Additional information regarding Berkshire’s investments in fixed maturity and equity securities is included in Notes 3 and 4, respectively, to Berkshire’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
As of December 31, 2024, Berkshire or a subsidiary owned approximately 27% of the outstanding common stock of The Kraft Heinz Company (“Kraft Heinz”) and 28% of the outstanding Occidental Petroleum Corporation (“Occidental”) common stock. Kraft Heinz manufactures and markets food and beverage products, including condiments and sauces, cheese and dairy, meals, meats, refreshment beverages, coffee and other grocery products. Occidental is an international energy company, including oil and natural gas exploration, development and production, and chemicals manufacturing businesses. Occidental’s midstream businesses purchase, market, gather, process, transport and store various oil, natural gas, carbon dioxide and other products. Information concerning these investments is included in Note 5 to Berkshire’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
Berkshire maintains a website (http://www.berkshirehathaway.com) where its annual reports, certain corporate governance documents, press releases, interim shareholder reports and links to its subsidiaries’ websites can be found. Berkshire’s periodic reports filed with the SEC, which include Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Form 8-K and amendments thereto, may be accessed by the public free of charge from the SEC and through Berkshire. Electronic copies of these reports can be accessed at the SEC’s website (http://www.sec.gov) and indirectly through