state lands in connection with certain of the Oregon 2020 Wildfires. In December 2024, the United States of America filed a complaint against PacifiCorp in conjunction with the correspondence from the U.S. Department of Justice. The civil cover sheet accompanying the complaint demands damages estimated to exceed $
900
million. PacifiCorp is actively cooperating with the U.S. and Oregon Departments of Justice on resolving these alleged claims.
Amounts sought in outstanding complaints and demands filed in Oregon and in certain demands in California approximate $
3
billion, excluding any doubling or trebling of damages included in the complaints and the mass complaints described below that seek $
48
billion. Generally, the complaints filed in California do not specify damages sought and are excluded from this amount.
Based on available information to date, we believe it is probable that losses will be incurred associated with the Wildfires. Final determinations of liability will only be made following the completion of comprehensive investigations, litigation and similar processes.
On September 30, 2020, a class action complaint against PacifiCorp was filed captioned Jeanyne James et al. v. PacifiCorp et al. (the “James case”), in Oregon Circuit Court in Multnomah County, Oregon (the “Multnomah Court”) in connection with the 2020 Wildfires. In April 2023, a jury trial for the James case with respect to
17
named plaintiffs began in Multnomah Court. In June 2023, the jury issued its verdict finding PacifiCorp liable to the
17
named plaintiffs and to the class with respect to
four
wildfires. The jury found PacifiCorp’s conduct grossly negligent, reckless and willful as to each plaintiff and the entire class. The jury awarded the
17
named plaintiffs $
90
million of damages, including $
4
million of economic damages, $
68
million of noneconomic damages and $
18
million of punitive damages based on a
0.25
multiplier of the economic and noneconomic damages.
In September 2023, the Multnomah Court ordered trial dates for
three
damages phase trials for the James case, wherein plaintiffs in each of the
three
damages phase trials would present evidence regarding their damages.
In January 2024, the Multnomah Court entered a limited judgment and money award for the June 2023 James case verdict of $
92
million based on the amounts awarded by the jury, as well as doubling of the economic damages and offsetting of insurance proceeds received by plaintiffs. In January 2024, PacifiCorp filed a notice of appeal associated with the June 2023 verdict in the James case, including whether the case can proceed as a class action, and filed a motion to stay further damages phase trials. On February 14, 2024, the Oregon Court of Appeals denied PacifiCorp’s request to stay the damages phase trials. On February 13, 2024, the
17
named plaintiffs filed a notice of cross-appeal as to the January 2024 limited judgment and money award. The appeals process and further actions could