of Earnings for average equivalent Class A shares outstanding and average equivalent Class B shares outstanding. Average equivalent Class A shares outstanding represents average Class A shares outstanding plus one-fifteen-hundredth (
1/1,500
) of the average Class B shares outstanding. Average equivalent Class B shares outstanding represents average Class B shares outstanding plus
1,500
times the average Class A shares outstanding.
Berkshire’s common stock repurchase program permits Berkshire to repurchase its shares any time that Warren Buffett, Berkshire’s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, believes that the repurchase price is below Berkshire’s intrinsic value, conservatively determined.
The program allows share repurchases in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions and does not specify a maximum number of shares to be repurchased. However, repurchases will not be made if they would reduce the value of Berkshire’s consolidated cash, cash equivalents and U.S. Treasury Bill holdings below $
30
billion. The repurchase program does not obligate Berkshire to repurchase any specific dollar amount or number of Class A or Class B shares and there is no expiration date to the program. There were
no
treasury shares acquired during the first quarter of 2025.
Note 19. Income taxes
Our consolidated effective income tax rate in the first quarter of 2025 was
9.2
% compared to
18.3
% in the first quarter of 2024. Our effective income tax rate normally reflects recurring benefits from dividends-received deductions applicable to investments in certain equity securities and production tax credits related to wind-powered electricity generation placed in service in the U.S. Our periodic effective income tax rate will also vary due to the changes in mix of pre-tax earnings, including realized and unrealized investment gains or losses with respect to our investments in equity securities, the amount of non-deductible goodwill impairment charges and other expenses and the underlying income tax rates applicable in the various taxing jurisdictions.
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development issued Pillar Two model rules introducing a global minimum tax of 15%. While the U.S. has not adopted the Pillar Two rules, various countries are enacting legislation to adopt the rules. We do not currently have material operations in jurisdictions with income tax rates lower than the Pillar Two minimum tax rate, and we do not currently expect these rules will materially increase our global tax costs. There remains uncertainty as to the final Pillar Two rules.
Note 20. Accumulated other comprehensive income
A summary of the net changes in after-tax accumulated other comprehensive income attributable to Berkshire shareholders follows (in millions).
20
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 21. Supplemental cash flow information
A summary of supplemental cash flow information for the first quarter of 2025 and 2024 follows