2023 and net losses of $3.9 billion in 2022. Taxable investment gains on equity securities sold, which is generally the difference between sales proceeds and the original cost basis of the securities sold, were $101.1 billion in 2024, $5.0 billion in 2023 and $769 million in 2022. Investment gains in 2023 included a non-cash pre-tax gain of approximately $3.0 billion related to the remeasurement of our pre-existing interest in Pilot to fair value through the application of acquisition accounting upon attaining control of Pilot for financial reporting purposes.
We believe that investment gains and losses, whether realized from sales or unrealized from changes in market prices, are often meaningless in terms of understanding our reported consolidated earnings or evaluating our periodic economic performance. We continue to believe the investment gains and losses recorded in earnings in any given period has little analytical or predictive value.
Other
A summary of after-tax other earnings follows (in millions).
After-tax acquisition accounting expenses include charges arising from the application of the acquisition method in connection with certain of Berkshire’s past business acquisitions. These charges arise primarily from the amortization of intangible assets recorded in connection with those acquisitions.
Foreign currency exchange rate gains pertain to Berkshire’s and BHFC’s Euro, Great Britain Pound and Japanese Yen denominated debt. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates produce gains and losses from the periodic revaluation of these liabilities into U.S. Dollars. In each year, we recorded foreign currency exchange rate gains due to strengthening of the U.S. Dollar, which reduced the U.S. Dollar carrying value of the debt. The gains and losses recorded in any given period can be significant due to the magnitude of the borrowings and the inherent volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. Other earnings consist primarily of Berkshire parent company investment income, intercompany interest income when the related expense is included in earnings of the operating subsidiaries, corporate expenses and unallocated income taxes. Other earnings increased by $484 million in 2024 compared to 2023 and $337 million in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to increased interest income, including interest earned on intercompany loans to operating subsidiaries.
K-
54
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Financial Condition
Our Consolidated Balance Sheet continues to reflect significant liquidity and a very strong capital base. Berkshire’s shareholders’ equity at December 31, 2024 was $649.4 billion, an increase of $88.1 billion since December 31, 2023. Net earnings attributable to Berkshire shareholders were $89.0 billion for 2024 and included after-tax investment gains of approximately $41.6 billion. Investment gains and losses from changes in the market prices of our investments in equity securities usually produce significant volatility in our