market prices, are generally meaningless in understanding our reported periodic results or evaluating the economic performance of our operating businesses. These gains and losses have caused and will continue to cause significant volatility in our periodic earnings. Investment gains in 2023 also included an after-tax non-cash remeasurement gain of approximately $2.4 billion related to our previously held 38.6% interest in Pilot through the application of the acquisition accounting method.
Other earnings included after-tax foreign currency exchange rate gains of $1.1 billion in 2024, $211 million in 2023 and $1.3 billion in 2022 related to the non-U.S. Dollar denominated debt issued by Berkshire and Berkshire Hathaway Finance Corporation (“BHFC”).
Insurance—Underwriting
Our periodic underwriting earnings may be subject to considerable volatility from the timing and magnitude of significant property catastrophe loss events. Further, we generally do not retrocede the risks we assume. We currently consider consolidated pre-tax losses exceeding $150 million from an event occurring in the current year to be significant. Significant events in 2024 included Hurricanes Milton and Helene, while significant events in 2023 included a cyclone and floods in New Zealand and a hailstorm in Italy. In 2022, significant events were Hurricane Ian and floods in Australia. In January 2025, several wildfires broke out in Southern California resulting in thousands of destroyed or damaged structures. We preliminarily estimate our insurance group could incur pre-tax losses of approximately $1.3 billion from these wildfires. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including amounts established for occurrences in prior years, and foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. Dollar denominated assets and liabilities can also significantly affect our periodic underwriting results.
We write primary insurance and reinsurance policies covering property and casualty risks, as well as life and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are GEICO, Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group (“BH Primary”) and Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group (“BHRG”). We strive to generate pre-tax underwriting earnings (defined as premiums earned less insurance losses/benefits incurred and underwriting expenses) over the long term in all business categories, except in our retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity businesses. Time-value-of-money is an important consideration in establishing premiums for these policies, which we normally receive at the contract inception date. Claim and benefit payments can extend for decades and are expected to exceed premiums, producing underwriting losses over the claim settlement periods through changes in deferred charge assets established on retroactive reinsurance contracts and accretion of discounted annuity liabilities, as well as changes in the estimated