our operating businesses.
The outbreak of epidemics, pandemics or other similar outbreaks in the future may adversely affect our operations, including the value of our equity securities portfolio. This may be due to closures or restrictions requested or mandated by governmental authorities, disruption to supply chains and workforce, reduction of demand for our products and services, credit losses when customers and other counterparties fail to satisfy their obligations to us, and volatility in global equity securities markets, among other factors. We share most of these risks with all businesses.
Regulatory changes may adversely impact our future operating results.
Over time, regulatory initiatives have been adopted in the United States and elsewhere for a variety of reasons, including as responses to financial markets crises, global economic recessions, and social and environmental issues. Such initiatives address, for example, the regulation of banks and other major financial institutions, the regulation of products and services and environmental and climate change matters and income tax policy. These initiatives impact all of our businesses, albeit in varying ways. Increased regulatory compliance costs could have a significant negative impact on our operating businesses, as well as on the businesses in which we have significant, but not controlling, economic interests. We cannot predict whether such initiatives will have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
Data privacy regulations have recently been enacted in various jurisdictions in the U.S. and throughout the world. These regulations address numerous aspects related to the security of personal information that is stored in our information systems, networks and facilities. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in reputational damage and significant economic penalties.
K-
25
Climate change and the regulation of greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions may impact our businesses.
Climate and weather-related events and the regulation of GHG emissions could impact our businesses to varying degrees. Climate-related events, including hurricanes, floods, wildfires, and other extreme weather events may increase the physical risks and impacts to our operations. An increase in the frequency or intensity of extreme weather events and storms could negatively impact the physical assets of our non-insurance operations and could produce losses affecting our businesses. Similarly, extreme weather events may produce losses affecting our insurance operations as their primary business is to monitor, assess and price risk, including climate-related risk, at an expected economic profit to address the risk-transfer needs of their insurance customers.
Additional GHG and climate-related policies, including legislation, may emerge that influence the transition to a lower GHG-emitting economy and could, in turn, influence costs for our