warrants that do not have readily determinable market values as defined under GAAP. These investments are private placements and are not traded in securities markets. We applied discounted cash flow techniques in valuing the preferred stock and we made assumptions regarding the expected duration of the investment and the effects of illiquidity and subordination in liquidation. In valuing the common stock warrants, we used a warrant valuation model. While most of the inputs to the warrant model are observable, we made assumptions regarding the expected duration and volatility.
K-
103
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(22)
Common stock
The changes in Berkshire’s issued, treasury and outstanding common stock for each of the three years ending December 31, 2024 are shown in the table below. In addition,
one
million shares of preferred stock are authorized, but
none
are issued.
Each Class A common share is entitled to
one
vote per share. Class B common stock possesses dividend and distribution rights equal to
one-fifteen-hundredth
(1/1,500) of such rights of Class A common stock. Each Class B common share possesses voting rights equal to
one-ten-thousandth
(1/10,000) of the voting rights of a Class A share. Unless otherwise required under Delaware General Corporation Law, Class A and Class B common shares vote as a single class. Each share of Class A common stock is convertible, at the option of the holder, into
1,500
shares of Class B common stock. Class B common stock is not convertible into Class A common stock. On an equivalent Class A common stock basis, there were
1,438,223
shares outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and
1,441,483
shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023.
Since we have two classes of common stock, we provide earnings per share data on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for average equivalent Class A shares outstanding and average equivalent Class B shares outstanding. Class B shares are economically equivalent to one-fifteen-hundredth (
1/1,500
) of a Class A share. Average equivalent Class A shares outstanding represents average Class A shares outstanding plus one-fifteen-hundredth (
1/1,500
) of the average Class B shares outstanding. Average equivalent Class B shares outstanding represents average Class B shares outstanding plus
1,500
times average Class A shares outstanding.
Berkshire’s common stock repurchase program, as amended, permits Berkshire to repurchase shares any time that Warren Buffett, Berkshire’s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, believes that the repurchase price is below Berkshire’s intrinsic value, conservatively determined.
The program continues to allow share repurchases in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions and does not specify a maximum number of shares to be repurchased. However, repurchases will not be made if they would reduce the total value of Berkshire’s consolidated cash, cash equivalents and U.S. Treasury Bill holdings below $
30
billion.