or retrospective basis and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted.
On March 6, 2024, the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (“SEC”) issued Release No. 33-11275 and No. 34-99678 “The Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-Related Disclosures for Investors” (“Climate Disclosure Rules”). Among its provisions, the Climate Disclosure Rules will require certain disclosures related to severe weather events and other natural conditions, and other disclosures about climate-related risks that materially impacted or are reasonably likely to materially impact the business strategy, results of operations or financial condition of the registrant. The Climate Disclosure Rules were to become effective for large-accelerated SEC filers in annual reports for years beginning on or after January 1, 2025. However, on April 4, 2024, the SEC stayed implementation of the Climate Disclosure Rules, which remains in place pending the completion of an ongoing judicial review.
K-
78
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(1)
Significant accounting policies and practices
(y)
Reclassifications of certain balances in 2023
A summary of reclassifications to the amounts previously reported in our Consolidated Balance Sheet and Statement of Earnings as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 associated with Pilot’s balance sheet, revenue and expense accounts are summarized below. We also reclassified the December 31, 2023 amounts in the applicable Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The reclassifications to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2023 were immaterial.
These reclassifications conform presentations of balances in 2023 for comparability to current year presentations.
Amounts are in millions.
K-
79
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(2)
Significant business acquisitions and other transactions
Our long-held acquisition strategy is to acquire businesses that have consistent earning power, good returns on equity and able and honest management. Financial results attributable to business acquisitions are included in our Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on their respective acquisition dates.
On January 31, 2023, we acquired an additional
41.4
% interest in Pilot Travel Centers, LLC (“Pilot”) for approximately $
8.2
billion. The acquisition increased our interest to
80
%, representing a controlling interest in Pilot for financial reporting purposes as of that date. Accordingly, we began consolidating Pilot’s financial statements in our Consolidated Financial Statements on February 1, 2023. Prior to that date, we accounted for our
38.6
% interest in Pilot under the equity method.
Pilot operates travel centers and fuel-only retail locations across the U.S. and in
five
Canadian provinces, primarily under the names Pilot or Flying J, as well as large wholesale fuel and fuel marketing businesses in the U.S. Pilot also sells diesel fuel at other