Loans and finance receivables
Loans and finance receivables are primarily manufactured home loans, and to a lesser extent, commercial loans and site-built home loans. We carry substantially all loans and finance receivables at amortized cost, net of allowances for expected credit losses, based on our ability and intent to hold such loans to maturity. Acquisition costs and loan origination and commitment costs paid and fees received, as well as acquisition premiums or discounts, are capitalized and accrued to investment income as yield adjustments over the lives of the loans.
Measurements of expected credit losses include provisions for non-collection, whether the risk is probable or remote. Expected credit losses on manufactured home loans are based on the net present value of future principal payments less estimated expenses related to the charge-off and foreclosure of expected uncollectible loans and include provisions for loans that are not in foreclosure. Our principal credit quality indicator is whether the loans are performing. Expected credit loss estimates consider historical default rates, collateral recovery rates, historical runoff rates, interest rates, reductions of future cash flows for modified loans and the historical time elapsed from last payment until foreclosure, among other factors. In addition, our estimates consider current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts.
K-
72
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(1)
Significant accounting policies and practices
(g)     Loans and finance receivables
Loans are considered delinquent when payments are more than 30 days past due. We place loans over 90 days past due on nonaccrual status and accrued but uncollected interest is reversed. Subsequent collections on the loans are first applied to the principal and interest owed for the most delinquent amount. We resume interest income accrual once a loan is less than 90 days delinquent.
Loans are considered non-performing when the foreclosure process has started. Once a loan is in the process of foreclosure, interest income is not recognized until the foreclosure is cured or the loan is modified. Once a modification is complete, interest income is recognized based on the terms of the new loan. Foreclosed loans are charged off when the collateral is sold. Loans not in foreclosure are evaluated for charge-off based on individual circumstances concerning the future collectability of the loan and the condition of the collateral securing the loan.
(h)
Other receivables
Other receivables include balances due from customers, insurance premiums receivable and reinsurance losses recoverable, as well as other receivables. Trade receivables, insurance premiums receivables and other receivables are primarily short-term in nature with stated collection terms of less than
one year
from the date of origination. Reinsurance recoverables are comprised of amounts ceded under reinsurance contracts or pursuant to mandatory government-