contributions of $
114
million to the pension plans in 2025.
Fair value measurements of plan assets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 follow (in millions).
Plan assets are generally invested with the long-term objective of producing earnings to adequately cover expected benefit obligations. The expected rates of return on plan assets reflect subjective assessments of expected long-term investment returns. Generally, past investment returns are not given significant consideration when establishing assumptions for expected long-term rates of return on plan assets. Actual experience will differ from the assumed rates of return.
K-
107
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(24)
Pension plans
A reconciliation of the pre-tax accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of our defined benefit pension plans for each of the two years ending December 31, 2024 follows (in millions).
Our subsidiaries may also sponsor defined contribution retirement plans, such as 401(k) or profit-sharing plans. Employee contributions are subject to regulatory limitations and specific plan provisions. Several of these plans provide for employer matching contributions as specified in the plans and may provide for additional discretionary employer contributions. Our defined contribution plan expense was approximately $
1.3
billion in 2024, $
1.1
billion in 2023 and $
0.8
billion in 2022.
(25)
Accumulated other comprehensive income
A summary of the net changes in after-tax accumulated other comprehensive income attributable to Berkshire shareholders for each of the three years ending December 31, 2024 follows (in millions).
(26)
Business segment data
Berkshire’s numerous and diverse businesses are managed on an unusually decentralized basis. These businesses are aggregated into operating segments in a manner that reflects how Berkshire views the business activities. Berkshire’s chief operating decision maker consists of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, the Vice Chairman of Insurance Operations and the Vice Chairman of Non-Insurance Operations. This group participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, evaluating operating performance and selecting the chief executive to head each of the operating segments. Investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Berkshire’s corporate investment managers. Certain operating segments are aggregated into reportable business segments based upon similar products or product lines, marketing strategies, and selling and distribution characteristics.
K-
108
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(26)
Business segment data
Berkshire’s reportable business segments are as follows.
——————
(1)
Pilot’s statement of earnings and capital expenditure segment data in 2023 is for the eleven months ending December 31, 2023. Our earnings from Pilot in 2022 and for the month of January 2023 were determined under the equity method and included in