Sports Turf, Shawgrass and Southwest Greens International, LLC, which provide synthetic sports turf, golf greens and landscape turf products. Shaw’s Watershed subsidiary sells innovative and patented environmental solutions for utility, waste management, erosion control and mining industries and provides patented renewable energy solutions.
Shaw products are sold wholesale to over 42,000 retailers, distributors and commercial users throughout the world. Shaw’s wholesale products are marketed domestically by over 1,800 salaried and commissioned sales personnel directly to retailers and distributors and to large national accounts. Shaw’s distribution facilities, including seven carpet, nine hard surfaces, one sample full-service and three sample satellite facilities and 30 redistribution centers, enable it to provide prompt and efficient delivery of its products to both its retail customers and wholesale distributors.
Substantially all carpet manufactured by Shaw is tufted carpet made from nylon, polypropylene and polyester, as well as recycled materials. During 2024, Shaw processed approximately 95% of its requirements for carpet yarn in its own yarn processing facilities. The availability of raw materials is adequate, but costs are impacted by petro-chemical and natural gas price changes. A significant portion of Shaw’s soft-flooring raw materials derive from recycled sources. Raw material cost changes are periodically factored into selling prices to customers.
The soft floor covering industry is highly competitive with only a handful of major competitors domestically. There are numerous manufacturers, domestically and internationally, that are engaged in the hard surfaces flooring sector. According to industry estimates published in 2024 for 2023, carpet accounts for approximately 44% of the total U.S. consumption of all flooring types. The principal competitive measures within the floor covering industry are quality, style, price and service.
Johns Manville
Johns Manville Corporation (“JM”), headquartered in Denver, Colorado, is a leading manufacturer and marketer of premium-quality products for building insulation, mechanical and industrial insulation, commercial roofing and roof insulation, as well as reinforcement fiberglass and technical nonwovens. JM serves markets that include residential and nonresidential buildings, automotive and transportation, air handling, appliance, HVAC, pipe and equipment, air and liquid filtration, waterproofing, flooring, interiors, aerospace and wind energy. Fiberglass is the basic material in many of JM’s products, although JM also manufactures a significant portion of its products with other materials to satisfy the broader needs of its customers.
JM regards its patents and licenses as valuable; however, it does not consider any of its businesses to be materially dependent on any single patent or license. JM operates over 40 manufacturing facilities in North America and Europe and conducts research and