been appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
In April 2024, HomeServices agreed to terms with the plaintiffs to settle all claims asserted against HomeServices and certain of its subsidiaries in the Burnett case to effectuate a nationwide class settlement. The final settlement agreement includes scheduled payments over the next
four years
aggregating $
250
million. HomeServices received final court approval on November 27, 2024, which has been appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. If the settlement is not affirmed by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, HomeServices intends to vigorously appeal on multiple grounds the jury’s findings and damage award in the Burnett case, including whether the case can proceed as a class action. The appeals process and further actions could take several years.
Other legal matters
In September 2024, National Indemnity Company (“NICO”) recorded a pre-tax charge of $
490
million in connection with a settlement agreement reached concerning certain non-insurance affiliates that filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of bankruptcy code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey (the “Court”) in 2023. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, NICO has agreed to pay $
535
million to the bankruptcy estate in consideration of a release of all estate causes of action against NICO and its affiliates. The settlement agreement, which is opposed by certain creditors, is subject to approval by the Court. NICO also accrued a recoverable of $
45
million from a third party that is covered under the release, which was received in the fourth quarter.
Berkshire and certain of its subsidiaries are also involved in other kinds of legal actions, some of which assert or may assert claims or seek to impose fines and penalties. We currently believe that liabilities that may arise as a result of such other pending legal actions will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.
Commitments
Our subsidiaries regularly make commitments in the ordinary course of business to purchase goods and services in the future, which are not yet reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The most significant of our long-term commitments relate to our railroad, utilities and energy businesses, our shared aircraft ownership and leasing business and certain materials purchase commitments. As of December 31, 2024, estimated future payments under those arrangements over the next five years were as follows: $
12
billion in 2025, $
6
billion in 2026, $
5
billion in 2027, $
4
billion in 2028, $
3
billion in 2029, and thereafter $
28
billion.
K-
116
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accou
ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None
Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures
At the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Corporation carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with