offset by higher flight crew, maintenance, fuel costs and depreciation expense. TTI’s earnings decline was primarily due to lower average gross margin rates, attributable to sales price pressures, as well as from unfavorable foreign currency effects.
McLane Company
McLane Company, Inc. (“McLane”) operates a wholesale distribution business that provides grocery and non-food consumer products to retailers and convenience stores (“retail”) and to restaurants (“restaurant”). McLane also operates businesses that are wholesale distributors of distilled spirits, wine and beer (“beverage”). The retail and restaurant businesses generate high sales and very low profit margins and operate in a highly competitive environment. These businesses have several significant customers and a reduction in purchasing by any of these customers could have an adverse impact on McLane's revenues and earnings.
41
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Manufacturing, Service and Retailing
McLane’s revenues declined $300 million (2.4%) in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024, primarily due to lower volumes attributable to changing overall economic conditions and consumer preferences on dining at restaurants. Pre-tax earnings in the first quarter of 2025 increased $16 million (9.7%) compared to 2024, reflecting an increase in the overall gross sales margin rate, partially offset by the impacts of lower sales and higher selling, general and administrative expenses.
Retailing
Our largest retailing business is Berkshire Hathaway Automotive, Inc. (“BHA”), which represented 71% of our retailing group revenue in 2025. BHA consists of over 80 auto dealerships that sell new and pre-owned automobiles and offer repair services and related products. BHA also offers and insures vehicle service contracts and related insurance products. Our retailing businesses also include four home furnishings businesses (Nebraska Furniture Mart, R.C. Willey, Star Furniture and Jordan’s), which sell furniture, appliances, flooring and electronics. The home furnishings group represented 17% of the retailing group revenues in 2025.
Other retailing businesses include three jewelry businesses (Borsheims, Helzberg and Ben Bridge), See’s Candies (confectionery products), Pampered Chef (high quality kitchen tools), Oriental Trading Company (party supplies, school supplies and toys and novelties) and Detlev Louis Motorrad (“Louis”), a retailer of motorcycle accessories based in Germany. Pilot Travel Centers (“Pilot”), which is primarily a retail business, is addressed separately since it is deemed a separate segment for financial reporting purposes.
Retailing group aggregate revenues increased 2.0% in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024. BHA revenues increased 5.3% in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024, while the home furnishings businesses experienced a comparative revenue decline of 1.4%. Revenues of the other retailing businesses in