that follows. Amounts are after deducting income taxes and exclude earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests (in millions).
Through our subsidiaries, we engage in numerous diverse business activities. The business segment data (Note 24 to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024) should be read in conjunction with this discussion.
Our periodic operating results may be affected in future periods by impacts of ongoing macroeconomic and geopolitical events, as well as changes in industry or company-specific factors or events. The pace of changes in these events, including international trade policies and tariffs, has accelerated in 2025. Considerable uncertainty remains as to the ultimate outcome of these events. We are currently unable to reliably predict the potential impact on our businesses, whether through changes in product costs, supply chain costs and efficiency, and customer demand for our products and services. It is reasonably possible there could be adverse consequences on most, if not all, of our operating businesses, as well as on our investments in equity securities, which could significantly affect our future results.
Insurance underwriting after-tax earnings decreased $1.3 billion in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024. Underwriting results in the first quarter of 2025 included after-tax losses from the Southern California wildfires of approximately $860 million. After-tax earnings from insurance investment income increased $295 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024, attributable to higher interest income from investments in U.S. Treasury Bills, partially offset by lower dividend income.
After-tax earnings of BNSF increased 6.2% in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024 from higher volumes and overall improved operating efficiencies, despite the negative impacts of severe weather in February 2025. After-tax earnings of BHE increased $380 million (53.0%) in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024. The earnings increase reflected higher earnings from the utilities and energy businesses, lower earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests and reduced losses from the real estate brokerage businesses, primarily due to the impact of litigation settlement charges in the first quarter of 2024.
After-tax earnings from our manufacturing, service and retailing businesses decreased slightly in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024. Earnings in 2025 reflected an overall increase from our service and retailing businesses and an overall decrease from our manufacturing businesses. The majority of our businesses experienced lower revenues and earnings in the first quarter of 2025 compared to 2024.
Investment gains (losses) predominantly derive from our investments in equity securities and include significant unrealized gains and losses from changes in market prices and foreign