aerospace applications in such markets as oil and gas, chemical processing and pollution control. PCC’s titanium products are used to manufacture components for the commercial and military aerospace, power generation, energy, medical and industrial end markets.
PCC is also a leading developer and manufacturer of highly engineered fasteners, fastener systems, aerostructures and precision components, primarily for critical aerospace applications. These products are produced for the aerospace and power and energy markets, as well as for construction, automotive, heavy truck, farm machinery, mining and construction equipment, shipbuilding, machine tools, appliances and recreation markets.
PCC has several significant customers, including aerospace original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) (Boeing and Airbus) and aircraft engine manufacturer suppliers (GE Aerospace, Rolls Royce and Pratt & Whitney). The majority of PCC’s sales are from customer orders or demand schedules pursuant to long-term agreements. Contractual terms may provide for termination by the customer, subject to payment for work performed. PCC typically does not experience significant order cancellations, although periodically it receives requests for delays in delivery schedules.
K-
11
Long-term industry forecasts continue to show growth and strong demand for air travel and aerospace products. Continued growth in revenues and earnings will be predicated on PCC’s ability to successfully increase production levels to match the expected growth in aerospace products, as well as improvements in the industry supply chains, which are currently constraining commercial aircraft production at OEMs.
PCC is subject to substantial competition in all of its markets. Components and similar products may be produced by competitors, who use either the same types of manufacturing processes as PCC or other processes. Although PCC believes its manufacturing processes, technology and experience provide its customers with advantages, such as high quality, competitive prices and physical properties that often meet more stringent demands, alternative forms of manufacturing can be used to produce many of the same components and products. Nevertheless, PCC is a leading supplier in most of its principal markets. Several factors, including long-standing customer relationships, technical expertise, state-of-the-art facilities and dedicated employees, aid PCC in maintaining competitive advantages.
Several raw materials used in PCC products, including certain metals such as nickel, titanium, cobalt, tantalum, hafnium and molybdenum, are found in only a few parts of the world. These metals are required for the alloys used in manufactured products. The availability and costs of these metals may be influenced by private or governmental cartels, changes in world politics, labor relations between the metal producers and their workforces and inflation.
PCC is subject to various federal, state and foreign environmental laws