related to these entities are described below.
PacifiCorp
In September 2020, a severe weather event resulting in high winds, low humidity and warm temperatures, contributed to several major wildfires, which resulted in real and personal property and natural resource damage, personal injuries, loss of life and widespread power outages in Oregon and Northern California. These wildfires spread across certain parts of PacifiCorp’s service territory and surrounding areas across multiple counties in Oregon and California, including Siskiyou County, California; Jackson County, Oregon; Douglas County, Oregon; Marion County, Oregon; Lincoln County, Oregon; and Klamath County, Oregon, burning over
500,000
acres in aggregate. Third-party reports for these wildfires (the “2020 Wildfires”) indicate over
2,000
structures destroyed, including residences; several other structures damaged; multiple individuals injured; and several fatalities. Investigations into the cause and origin of each of the 2020 Wildfires are complex and ongoing and have been or are being conducted by various entities, including the U.S. Forest Service, the California Public Utilities Commission, the Oregon Department of Forestry, the Oregon Department of Justice, PacifiCorp and various experts engaged by PacifiCorp.
K-
113
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(27)
Contingencies and commitments
According to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, a wildfire began on July 29, 2022, in the Oak Knoll Ranger District of the Klamath National Forest in Siskiyou County, California located in PacifiCorp’s service territory (the “2022 Wildfire”) burning over
60,000
acres. Third-party reports indicate that the 2022 Wildfire resulted in
11
structures damaged,
185
structures destroyed,
12
injuries and
four
fatalities. The U.S. Forest Service issued a Wildland Fire Origin and Cause Supplemental Incident Report. The report concluded that a tree coming in contact with a power line is the probable cause of the 2022 Wildfire. The 2020 Wildfires and 2022 Wildfire, together, are referred to as the “Wildfires.”
As of the date of this filing, a significant number of complaints and demands alleging similar claims related to the Wildfires have been filed in Oregon and California, including a class action complaint in Oregon associated with the 2020 Wildfires for which certain jury verdicts were issued as described below. The plaintiffs seek damages for economic losses, noneconomic losses, including mental suffering, emotional distress, personal injury and loss of life, as well as punitive damages, other damages and attorneys’ fees. Several insurance carriers have filed subrogation complaints in Oregon and California with allegations similar to those made in the aforementioned complaints.
Additionally, PacifiCorp received correspondence from the U.S. and Oregon Departments of Justice regarding the potential recovery of certain costs and damages alleged to have occurred on federal and