opening brief with the Oregon Court of Appeals in connection with its appeal of the June 2023
James
verdict and the January and March 2024 verdicts for the first two
James
damages phase trials. In the opening brief, PacifiCorp addressed numerous procedural and legal issues, including that the class certification is improper due to the plaintiffs being impacted by distinct fires with independent ignition points that were hundreds of miles apart; awarding of noneconomic damages is not allowed under Oregon law; plaintiffs failed to prove that PacifiCorp caused harm to every class member; and jury instructions applied incorrect legal standards in assessing class-wide evidence and individual claims. Additionally, PacifiCorp incorporated the ODF’s Report into its opening appellate brief. Various parties who are not party to the
James
case have filed supportive amicus briefs with the court. Plaintiffs’ reply brief and cross-appeal is due May 20, 2025.
According to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, a wildfire began on July 29, 2022, in the Oak Knoll Ranger District of the Klamath National Forest in Siskiyou County, California located in PacifiCorp’s service territory (the “2022 Wildfire”) burning over
60,000
acres. Third-party reports indicate that the 2022 Wildfire resulted in
11
structures damaged,
185
structures destroyed,
12
injuries and
four
fatalities. The USFS issued a Wildland Fire Origin and Cause Supplemental Incident Report. The report concluded that a tree coming in contact with a power line is the probable cause of the 2022 Wildfire.
A provision for a loss contingency is recorded when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. PacifiCorp evaluates the related range of reasonably estimated losses and records a loss based on its best estimate within that range or the lower end of the range if there is no better estimate.
Estimated probable losses associated with the Wildfires were based on the information available to the date of this filing, including (i) ongoing cause and origin investigations; (ii) ongoing settlement and mediation discussions; (iii) other litigation matters and upcoming legal proceedings; and (iv) the status of the
James
case. Estimated losses on the Wildfires include estimates for fire suppression costs, real and personal property damages, natural resource damages and noneconomic damages such as personal injury damages and loss of life damages that are considered probable of being incurred and that it is able to reasonably estimate at this time, and which is subject to change as additional relevant information becomes available.
Through March 31, 2025, PacifiCorp recorded cumulative estimated probable Wildfire losses, before taxes and expected related insurance recoveries, of approximately $
2.75
billion, of which approximately $
1.3
billion has been paid in connection with settlements. There were
no
Wildfire loss accruals recorded in the first