engineers continuously develop and innovate products that address end user needs and requirements.
IMC’s global sales and marketing network operates in nearly every major manufacturing center around the world, staffed with highly skilled engineers and technical personnel. IMC’s customer base is very diverse, with its primary customers being large, multinational businesses in the automotive, aerospace, engineering and machinery industries. IMC operates a regional central warehouse system with locations in Israel, the U.S., Belgium, South Korea, Japan and China. Additional small quantities of products are maintained at local IMC sales offices to provide on-time customer support and inventory management.
IMC competes in the metal cutting tools segment of the global metalworking tools market. The segment includes hundreds of participants who range from small, private manufacturers of specialized products for niche applications and markets to larger, global multinational businesses (such as Sandvik and Kennametal, Inc.) with a wide assortment of products and extensive distribution networks. Other manufacturing companies such as Kyocera, Mitsubishi, Sumitomo, Ceratizit and Korloy also play a significant role in the cutting tool market.
Cemented tungsten carbide powder is the main raw material used in manufacturing cutting tools. Most of IMC’s insert products are made from tungsten. While supplies are currently adequate, significant disruptions or constraints in production processing facilities could cause reduced availability and increased prices.
IMC is committed to following and complying with all government and environmental rules, regulations and requirements and applicable laws. IMC considers environmental preservation and pollution prevention as important factors in all operations and activities. IMC production facilities are built with the highest standards and follow all applicable regulations.
Marmon
Marmon Holdings, Inc. (“Marmon”), headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, is a global industrial organization comprising eleven diverse business groups and more than 120 autonomous manufacturing and service businesses. Marmon’s manufacturing and service operations are conducted at approximately 650 manufacturing, distribution and service facilities located primarily in the U.S., as well as 17 other countries worldwide. Marmon’s business groups are as follows.
The Foodservice Technologies group manufactures beverage dispensing and cooling equipment, hot and cold food preparation and holding equipment and related products for restaurants, global brand owners and other foodservice providers. Operations are based in the U.S. with manufacturing facilities in the U.S., Mexico, China, the Czech Republic and Italy. Products are sold primarily throughout the U.S., Europe and Asia.
The Water Technologies group manufactures water treatment equipment for residential, commercial and industrial applications worldwide. Operations are based primarily in the U.S.,