policyholders through insurance and reinsurance businesses (“float”). Float represents the approximate net policyholder funds generated through underwriting activities that are held for investment. The major components of float are unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, life, annuity and health benefit liabilities (excluding the effects of discount rate changes that are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income), unearned premiums and other policyholder liabilities less premium and reinsurance receivables, deferred policy acquisition costs and deferred charges on assumed retroactive reinsurance contracts. On a consolidated basis, float has grown from approximately $129 billion at the end of 2019 to approximately $171 billion at the end of 2024. The cost of float can be measured as the net pre-tax underwriting earnings (or loss) as a percentage of average float.
Burlington Northern Santa Fe
Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC (“BNSF”) is based in Fort Worth, Texas, and through BNSF Railway Company (“BNSF Railway”) operates one of the largest railroad systems in North America. BNSF Railway had approximately 36,500 employees at the end of 2024, of whom approximately 32,000 were members of a labor union.
In serving the Midwest, Pacific Northwest, Western, Southwestern and Southeastern regions and certain ports of the U.S., BNSF Railway transports a range of products and commodities derived from manufacturing, agricultural and natural resource industries. Freight revenues are covered by contractual agreements of varying durations or common carrier published prices or company quotations. BNSF’s financial performance is influenced by, among other things, general and industry economic conditions at the international, national and regional levels.
BNSF Railway’s primary routes, including trackage rights, allow it to access major cities and certain ports in the western and southern U.S. as well as parts of Canada and Mexico. In addition to major cities and ports, BNSF Railway efficiently serves many smaller markets by working closely with approximately 200 shortline railroads. BNSF Railway has also entered into marketing agreements with other rail carriers, expanding the marketing reach for each railroad and their customers. Freight revenues are classified into the following categories: consumer products, industrial products, agricultural products and coal. The volumes shipped and rates charged are affected by competition from other freight carriers within the transportation industry, and changes in the underlying supply and demand for such products.
Regulatory Matters
BNSF is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations generally applicable to its businesses. Rail operations are subject to the regulatory jurisdiction of the Surface Transportation Board (“STB”), the Federal Railroad Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation (“DOT”), the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”), the Environmental