materials could expose BNSF to significant claims, losses, penalties and environmental remediation obligations. Changes in the regulation of the rail industry could negatively impact BNSF’s ability to determine prices for rail services and to make capital improvements to its rail network, resulting in an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity.
Our utilities and energy businesses operated under BHE are highly regulated by numerous federal, state, local and foreign governmental authorities in the jurisdictions in which they operate. These laws and regulations are complex, dynamic and subject to new interpretations or change. Regulations affect almost every aspect of our utilities and energy businesses. Regulations broadly apply and may limit management’s ability to independently make and implement decisions regarding numerous matters including: acquiring businesses; constructing, acquiring, disposing or retiring of operating assets; operating and maintaining generating facilities and transmission and distribution system assets; complying with pipeline safety and integrity and environmental requirements; setting rates charged to customers; establishing capital structures and issuing debt; managing and reporting transactions between our domestic utilities and our other subsidiaries and affiliates; and paying dividends or similar distributions. Failure to comply with or reinterpretations of existing regulations and new legislation or regulations, such as those relating to air quality, climate change, emissions performance standards, water quality, coal ash disposal and other environmental matters, or changes in the nature of the regulatory process may have a significant adverse impact on our financial results. Furthermore, our regulated energy subsidiaries are exposed to losses arising from wildfires and related litigation and judicial outcomes. The energy rates charged by our regulated energy subsidiaries to customers are based on the costs of the business and require regulatory approval. To the extent costs are not recoverable through approved rates, the operating results and financial condition of these businesses can be negatively impacted, perhaps materially.
Our railroad business requires significant ongoing capital investment to improve and maintain its railroad network so that transportation services can be safely and reliably provided to customers on a timely basis. Our utilities and energy businesses also require significant amounts of capital to construct, operate and maintain generation, transmission and distribution systems to meet their customers’ needs and reliability criteria. System assets may need to be operational for long periods of time to justify the financial investment. The operational or financial failure of capital projects may not be recoverable through rates that are charged to customers. Further, a significant portion of costs of capital improvements may be funded through debt