Canada, China, Singapore, India and Poland with business centers located in Belgium, France, Germany, the U.K. and Italy.
The Transportation Products group serves the automotive and heavy-duty highway transportation industries with precision-molded plastic components; aluminum tubing and extrusions; replacement parts and solutions for the automotive aftermarket; dry van, flatbed, lowbed and specialty trailers; and truck and trailer components. Operations are conducted primarily in the U.S., Mexico, Canada, Europe and China.
K-
13
The Retail Solutions group provides retail environment design services; in-store digital merchandising, dispensing and display fixtures; and shopping, material handling and security carts. Operations are conducted in the U.S., the U.K. and the Czech Republic.
The Metal Services group provides specialty metal pipe, tubing and related value-added services to customers across a broad range of industries including aerospace, construction and agricultural. Operations are conducted in the U.S., India, Poland, Singapore, the U.K., the Netherlands, Canada and Mexico.
The Electrical group produces electrical wire for use in residential and commercial buildings, and specialty wire and cable for use in energy, transit, aerospace, defense, communication and other industrial applications. Operations are conducted in the U.S., Canada, India and England.
The Plumbing & Refrigeration group manufactures copper tubing and copper, brass, aluminum and stainless-steel fittings and components for the plumbing, heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration (HVAC-R) market; custom heat exchange, ducting, air handling units and energy recovery solutions for the HVAC-R market; HVAC systems and structures for data centers, pharmaceutical and industrial sites; and aluminum and brass forgings for many commercial and industrial applications. Key raw materials, including aluminum, copper and stainless steel are widely available. Operations are conducted primarily in the U.S., Canada and the U.K.
The Industrial Products group supplies construction fasteners; masonry and stone anchoring systems used in commercial construction; two component polymer products for anchoring, bonding and repair applications, gloves and other protective wear; gear drives, gearboxes, fan and pump drives for various markets; wind machines for agricultural use; wheels, axles and gears for rail, mining and other applications; lighting products for industrial and mining; equipment for the manufacture and assembly of lead acid batteries; and the manufacturing and installation of after life service products. Operations are primarily based in the U.S., the U.K., Canada and China.
The Rail & Leasing group manufactures, leases and maintains railcars; leases intermodal tank containers; manufactures mobile railcar movers; provides in-plant rail switching and loading services; performs track construction and maintenance; and manufactures steel tank heads and cylinders.
Union