increase of this magnitude to our gross liabilities for casualty claims at December 31, 2024 could produce an increase in casualty liabilities of $1.75 billion, with a corresponding decrease to pre-tax earnings.
Retroactive reinsurance
Our retroactive reinsurance contracts indemnify insurance losses from events occurring before the contract inception dates. Claim liabilities associated with these contracts predominately pertain to casualty or liability exposures and we expect the claim-tails will be very long. At December 31, 2024, gross unpaid losses were $32.4 billion.
Our contracts are generally subject to maximum limits of indemnification and, as such, we currently expect that the aggregate remaining losses payable under our policies will not exceed $47 billion. While ultimate claims will be affected by judicial and legislative changes affecting asbestos, environmental or mass tort exposures, we currently believe it unlikely that losses will increase to the maximum or decline by more than 15% of our estimated gross claims liability as of December 31, 2024.
K-
59
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Critical Accounting Estimates
Property and casualty insurance unpaid losses
We establish liability estimates by individual contract, considering exposure and development trends, historical aggregate loss payment patterns and project expected ultimate losses under various scenarios. We apply judgmental probability factors to these scenarios to determine an expected outcome. We also monitor subsequent loss payment activity and ceding company reports and other available information. We re-estimate ultimate losses when significant events or significant deviations from expectations are revealed.
Certain of our contracts include asbestos and environmental, as well as other mass tort exposures. Our estimated liabilities for asbestos and environmental exposures were approximately $11.9 billion at December 31, 2024. Ceding companies do not consistently provide reliable and detailed underlying claims data, particularly with respect to multi-line or aggregate excess-of-loss policies. When possible, we conduct detailed analyses of the underlying loss data in making an estimate of ultimate remaining claims liabilities. When detailed loss information is unavailable, we may apply recent industry trends and projections to aggregate client data. Judgments in these areas necessarily consider the stability of the legal and regulatory environment under which we expect claims will be adjudicated. Legal reform and legislation and judicial rulings could also have a significant impact on our ultimate liabilities.
Deferred charges for retroactive reinsurance contracts, which at the inception dates of the contracts, represent the excess of the estimated ultimate liability for unpaid losses over premiums received. Deferred charges are subsequently adjusted based on the changes to expected ultimate liabilities and the timing of actual and expected future loss payments.