damages consistent with the June 2023 James verdict. As a result, PacifiCorp expects the total award for the
eight
plaintiffs to be approximately $
49
million. PacifiCorp filed post-trial motions with the Multnomah Court requesting the court offset the damage awards by deducting insurance proceeds received by any of the
eight
plaintiffs. PacifiCorp intends to appeal the jury’s damage awards associated with the February 2025 jury verdict once judgment is entered.
In March 2024, settlement was reached with
five
commercial timber plaintiffs in the James case, and the jury trial scheduled for April 2024 was cancelled.
Between April 2024 and January 2025,
six
separate mass complaints against PacifiCorp naming
1,591
individual class members were filed in the Multnomah Court referencing the James case as the lead case. Complaints for
five
of the plaintiffs in the mass complaints were subsequently dismissed. These James case mass complaints make damages-only allegations seeking economic, noneconomic and punitive damages, as well as doubling of economic damages. In December 2024,
two
additional complaints were filed in Multnomah Court on behalf of
eight
plaintiffs also referencing the James case as the lead case. PacifiCorp believes the magnitude of damages sought by the class members in the James case mass complaints and additional
two
complaints to be of remote likelihood of being awarded based on the amounts awarded in the jury verdicts described above that are being appealed.
In October 2024, the Multnomah Court issued a case management order, which sets forth
nine
additional damages phase trials with up to
ten
plaintiffs per trial. The trials are scheduled to occur throughout 2025, with the verdict for the first trial received in February 2025, as described above.
A provision for a loss contingency is recorded when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. PacifiCorp evaluates the related range of reasonably estimated losses and records a loss based on its best estimate within that range or the lower end of the range if there is no better estimate.
Estimated probable losses associated with the Wildfires were based on the information available to the date of this filing, including (i) ongoing cause and origin investigations; (ii) ongoing settlement and mediation discussions; (iii) other litigation matters and upcoming legal proceedings; and (iv) the status of the James case. Wildfire estimated losses include estimates for fire suppression costs, real and personal property damages, natural resource damages and noneconomic damages such as personal injury damages and loss of life damages that are considered probable of being incurred and that it is able to reasonably estimate at this time, and which is subject to change as additional relevant information becomes available.
Through December 31, 2024, PacifiCorp recorded cumulative estimated probable Wildfire losses, before taxes and expected related