Analysis
Berkshire Hathaway Energy
Net earnings of natural gas pipelines increased $39 million in 2023 compared to 2022. The increase reflected higher regulated transportation and storage services revenues from certain general rate cases and decreased earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests in Cove Point, partially offset by higher operating expenses.
Net earnings of other energy businesses decreased $332 million in 2023 compared to 2022. The decline reflected lower earnings at Northern Powergrid due to unfavorable results from the upstream gas exploration and production business, including the write-off of capitalized exploration costs and lower gas production volumes and prices, as well as from higher deferred income tax expense related to the enactment of the U.K. Energy Profits Levy. The earnings decline was also attributable to lower earnings from the renewable energy businesses, primarily due to lower income tax benefits, higher operating expenses and lower solar and wind generation from owned projects, partially offset by debt extinguishment gains in 2023.
Net earnings of real estate brokerage decreased $87 million in 2023 compared to 2022. The decrease reflected lower brokerage services revenues and margins, primarily due to a 19% reduction in closed brokerage transaction volumes, as well as lower mortgage services revenues and margins from a 28% decrease in closed transaction volumes.
Manufacturing, Service and Retailing
A summary of revenues and earnings of our manufacturing, service and retailing businesses follows (dollars in millions).
——————
* Excludes certain acquisition accounting expenses, which primarily relates to the amortization of intangible assets recorded in connection with certain of our business acquisitions. The after-tax acquisition accounting expenses excluded from earnings were $531 million in 2024, $693 million in 2023 and $681 million in 2022. These expenses are included in “Other” in the summary of earnings on page K-33 and in the “Other” earnings table on page K-54.
K-
45
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Manufacturing, Service and Retailing
Manufacturing
Our manufacturing group includes a variety of industrial, building and consumer products businesses. A summary of revenues and pre-tax earnings of our manufacturing operations follows (dollars in millions).
Industrial products
The industrial products group includes metal products for aerospace, power and general industrial markets (Precision Castparts Corp. (“PCC”)), specialty chemicals (The Lubrizol Corporation (“Lubrizol”)), metal cutting tools/systems (IMC International Metalworking Companies (“IMC”)), and Marmon, which consists of more than 100 autonomous manufacturing and service businesses, internally aggregated into eleven groups, and includes equipment leasing for the rail, intermodal tank container and mobile crane industries. Marmon also includes the Scott Fetzer group businesses. The industrial products group also includes equipment and