concerning, among other things, water discharges, air emissions, waste management, toxic materials use reduction and environmental cleanup. Environmental laws and regulations continue to evolve, particularly related to air and water quality and climate change, including reporting of GHG emissions. As a result, it is also reasonably likely that PCC will be regularly required to make additional expenditures, including capital expenditures, which could be significant, relating to environmental matters.
Lubrizol
The Lubrizol Corporation (“Lubrizol”), headquartered in Wickliffe, Ohio, is a specialty chemical and performance materials company that manufactures products and supplies technologies for the global transportation, industrial and consumer markets. Lubrizol operates two business segments: Lubrizol Additives, which produces engine lubricant additives, driveline lubricant additives and industrial specialties products; and Lubrizol Advanced Materials, which includes engineered materials (engineered polymers and performance coatings) and life sciences (beauty, personal care, health and home care solutions).
Lubrizol Additives’ products are used in a broad range of applications including engine oils, transmission fluids, gear oils, specialty driveline lubricants, fuels, metalworking fluids and compressor lubricants for transportation and industrial applications. Lubrizol Advanced Materials’ products are used in many different types of applications including beauty, personal care, home care, over-the-counter pharmaceuticals, medical devices, performance coatings, sporting goods, plumbing and fire sprinkler systems. Lubrizol is an industry leader in many of the markets in which it competes. Lubrizol Additives’ principal competitors are Infineum International Ltd., Chevron Oronite Company and Afton Chemical Corporation. Lubrizol Advanced Materials’ businesses compete in many markets with a variety of competitors in each product line.
Lubrizol uses its technological leadership position and applies its scientific capabilities, formulation know-how and market expertise in product development to improve the demand, quality and value of its products. Lubrizol also leverages its scientific and applications knowledge to meet and exceed customer performance and sustainability requirements. While Lubrizol typically has patents that expire each year, it invests resources to protect its intellectual property and to develop or acquire innovative products for the markets it serves. Lubrizol uses many specialty and commodity chemical raw materials in its manufacturing processes. Raw materials are primarily feedstocks derived from petroleum and petrochemicals and, generally, are obtainable from several sources. The materials that Lubrizol chooses to purchase from a single source typically are subject to long-term supply contracts to ensure reliability.
Lubrizol operates its business on a global basis through more than 100 offices, laboratories, production facilities