Centers, LLC (“Pilot”). On January 31, 2023, Berkshire acquired an additional 41.4% interest and attained control of Pilot and began consolidating Pilot for financial reporting purposes beginning February 1, 2023. On January 16, 2024, Berkshire acquired the remaining 20% noncontrolling interest and Pilot became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary.
Pilot operates 677 travel center and 77 fuel-only retail locations across the U.S. and in five Canadian provinces, primarily under the names Pilot or Flying J, through 658 company-owned locations, as well as through 96 locations held in unconsolidated joint ventures. Pilot and subsidiaries also conduct wholesale fuel and fuel marketing businesses in the U.S. and sell diesel fuel at over 140 locations in the U.S. and Canada through various third-party arrangements in which Pilot procures and sells diesel fuel to consumers at locations owned by the third parties. Pilot also operates a water disposal business in the oil fields sector.
Pilot sold approximately 11.4 billion gallons of fuel (primarily diesel, gasoline and diesel exhaust fluid) in 2024 through its various company-owned retail locations, third-party arrangements and wholesale businesses. The Pilot operated joint ventures also sold approximately 900 million gallons of fuel in 2024. Additionally, Pilot provides charging stations for electric vehicles at approximately 130 travel centers in connection with an agreement with General Motors to develop a nationwide electric vehicle fast charger network of 2,000 charging stations in 500 U.S. locations by 2026. Pilot and subsidiaries had approximately 29,200 employees at the end of 2024.
Pilot’s travel centers are generally located close to an interstate highway and offer petroleum products, merchandise, food and other services and amenities to consumers, travelers and professional truck drivers. The travel center industry is concentrated among a few large operators, including Love’s Travel Stops and TravelCenters of America, although there are numerous independent operators that operate one to ten travel centers. Pilot’s top 10 customers for diesel sales accounted for approximately 10% of total diesel gallons sold in 2024, while Pilot’s top 10 fuel suppliers accounted for approximately 54% of gallons purchased in 2024.
K-
19
Pilot is subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to the environment. These laws generally provide for control of pollutants released into the environment and require responsible parties to undertake remediation of hazardous waste disposal sites. Penalties may be imposed for non-compliance. The retirement of certain long-lived assets (such as petroleum tanks, dispensers and disposal wells) may result in asset retirement obligations.
McLane
McLane Company, Inc. (“McLane”) provides wholesale distribution services in all 50 states to customers that include convenience stores, discount retailers, wholesale clubs, drug stores, military bases, quick service