Board of Directors conduct an investigation into actions by the Company’s directors and executive officers regarding statements made about the effectiveness and commercial viability of the LOTUS System. The Trust subsequently agreed to stay its demand, pending the outcome of any dispositive motion against the Amended Complaint in the class action complaint described above. The Company received letters on behalf of the Union Excavators Local 731 Pension Fund, Diane Nachbaur, and Frank Tripson, three stockholders of the Company, on July 26, 2021, July 29, 2021, and February 13, 2023, respectively, each demanding access to certain books and records of the Company, pursuant to Section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, regarding the business, operations, effectiveness and commercial viability of the LOTUS system, and related items. On April 7, 2023, Diane Nachbaur filed a shareholder derivative complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts against the Company, Michael F. Mahoney, Nelda J. Connors, Charles J. Dockendorff, Yoshiaki Fujimori, Donna A. James, Edward J. Ludwig, David Roux, John E. Sununu, Ellen M. Zane, Joseph M. Fitzgerald, Daniel J. Brennan, Shawn McCarthy, Ian Meredith, Kevin Ballinger, and Susan Vissers Lisa. On May 8, 2023, the Court stayed the case until the conclusion of the consolidated class action case. On October 18, 2023, Frank Tripson filed a shareholder derivative complaint in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against the Company, Michael F. Mahoney, Daniel J. Brennan, Joseph M. Fitzgerald, Shawn McCarthy, Kevin Ballinger, Ian Meredith, Susan Vissers Lisa, Nelda J. Connors, Charles J. Dockendorff, Yoshiaki Fujimori, Donna A. James, Edward J. Ludwig, Stephen P. MacMillan, David Roux, John E. Sununu, and Ellen M. Zane. On December 15, 2023, the Court stayed that case until March 31, 2024. On March 26, 2024, the Company reached an agreement in principle with all of the plaintiffs to resolve the matters. On January 8, 2025, the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts issued an order granting preliminary approval to the proposed settlement. On March 13, 2025, the Court approved the settlement and dismissed the Nachbaur Massachusetts case with prejudice. On March 18, 2025, the Delaware Chancery Court dismissed the Tripson Delaware case with prejudice.
NOTE I – WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING
The following securities were excluded from the calculation of weighted average shares outstanding - diluted because their effect in the periods presented below would have been antidilutive:
(1)
Represents stock options outstanding pursuant to our employee stock-based compensation plans with exercise prices that were greater than the average fair market value of our common stock for the related periods.
We base
Net income (loss) per common share - diluted
upon the weighted-average number of common shares and common stock equivalents outstanding during each