portion of the purchase price of our acquisition of Axonics and to pay related fees and expenses, and for general corporate purposes. We also used the net proceeds to fund the repayment at maturity of our
3.450
% Senior Notes due March 2024 and to pay accrued and unpaid interest with respect to such notes.
Other Arrangements
We have accounts receivable factoring programs in certain European countries and with commercial banks in China and Japan which include promissory notes discounting programs. We account for our factoring programs as sales under FASB ASC Topic 860,
Transfers and Servicing
. We have no retained interest in the transferred receivables, other than collection and administration, and once sold, the accounts receivable are no longer available to satisfy creditors in the event of bankruptcy.
20
Table of Contents
Amounts de-recognized for accounts and notes receivable, which are excluded from
Trade accounts receivable, net
within our accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheets, are aggregated by contract denominated currency below (in millions):
Other Contractual Obligations and Commitments
We had outstanding letters of credit of $
218
million as of March 31, 2025 and $
206
million as of December 31, 2024, which consisted primarily of bank guarantees and collateral for workers' compensation insurance arrangements. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 we had not recognized a related liability for our outstanding letters of credit within our accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheets.
We have a supplier financing program offered primarily in the U.S. that enables our suppliers to opt to receive early payment at a nominal discount, while allowing us to lengthen our payment terms and optimize working capital. Our standard payment term in the U.S. is 90 days. All outstanding payables related to the supplier finance program are classified within
Accounts Payable
within our unaudited consolidated balance sheets and were $
129
million as of March 31, 2025 and $
140
million as of December 31, 2024.
Refer to
Note E – Contractual Obligations and Commitments
to our audited financial statements contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our borrowings and credit agreements.
NOTE F – SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION
Components of selected captions within our accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheets are as follows:
Trade accounts receivable, net
The following is a roll forward of our
Allowance for credit losses
:
21
Table of Contents
Inventories
Other current assets
Property, plant and equipment, net
Depreciation expense was $
106
million for the first quarter of
2025
and $
90
million for the first quarter of 2024.
Other long-term assets
22
Table of Contents
Accrued expenses
Other current liabilities
Other long-term liabilities
23
Table of Contents
NOTE G – INCOME TAXES
The following table provides a reconciliation