several other matters; however, there continues to be outstanding litigation. Adverse outcomes in one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell certain products and on our operating margins, financial position, results of operations and/or liquidity.
In addition, product liability, securities and commercial claims have been asserted against us and similar claims may be asserted against us in the future related to events not known to management at the present time. We maintain an insurance policy providing limited coverage against securities claims and we are substantially self-insured with respect to product liability claims and fully self-insured with respect to intellectual property infringement claims. The absence of significant third-party insurance coverage increases our potential exposure to unanticipated claims or adverse decisions. Product liability claims, securities and commercial litigation and other legal proceedings in the future, regardless of their outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell certain products and on our operating margins, financial position, results of operations and/or liquidity.
In addition, like other companies in the medical device industry, we are subject to extensive regulation by national, state and local government agencies in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate. From time to time we are the subject of qui tam actions and governmental investigations often involving regulatory, marketing and other business practices. These qui tam
24
Table of Contents
actions and governmental investigations could result in the commencement of civil and criminal proceedings, substantial fines, penalties and administrative remedies and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or liquidity. For additional information, refer to
Note I – Commitments and Contingencies
to our audited financial statements contained in Item 8 of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.
In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 450,
Contingencies
, we accrue anticipated costs of settlement, damages, losses for product liability claims and, under certain conditions, costs of defense, based on historical experience or to the extent specific losses are probable and estimable. Otherwise, we expense these costs as incurred. If the estimate of a probable loss is a range and no amount within the range is more likely, we accrue the minimum amount of the range.
Our accrual for legal matters that are probable and estimable was $
316
million as of March 31, 2025 and $
326
million as of December 31, 2024 and includes certain estimated costs of settlement, damages and defense primarily related to product liability cases or claims and matters assumed from acquired companies. We record certain legal and product liability charges, credits and costs of defense, which we consider to be unusual or infrequent and significant as
Litigation-related net