date, or retrospectively to any or all prior periods presented in the financial statements. We are currently assessing the impact of Update No. 2024-03 to our consolidated financial statement disclosures.
No other new accounting pronouncements issued or effective in the period had or are expected to have a material impact on our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements.
32
Table of Contents
ITEM 2.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Introduction
Boston Scientific Corporation is a global developer, manufacturer and marketer of medical devices that are used in a broad range of interventional medical specialties. Our mission is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients around the world. As a medical technology leader for more than 40 years, we have advanced the practice of less-invasive medicine by helping physicians and other medical professionals diagnose and treat a wide range of diseases and medical conditions and improve patients’ quality of life by providing alternatives to surgery and other medical procedures that are typically traumatic to the body. We advance science for life by providing a broad range of high performance solutions to address unmet patient needs and reduce the cost of healthcare. When used in this report, the terms "we," "us," "our" and "the Company" mean Boston Scientific Corporation and its divisions and subsidiaries.
Financial Summary
Three Months Ended March 31, 2025
Our net sales for the first quarter of 2025 were $4.663 billion, compared to $3.856 billion for the first quarter of 2024. This increase of $806 million, or 20.9 percent, included operational
1
net sales growth of 22.2 percent and the negative impact of 130 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations. Operational net sales growth included organic
2
net sales growth of 18.2 percent and the positive impact of 400 basis points from certain acquisitions during the period
for which there are less than a full period of comparable net sales.
In 2024, acquisitions included the endoluminal vacuum therapy portfolio of B. Braun Medical Inc. (Braun), Silk Road Medical, Inc. (Silk Road Medical) and Axonics, Inc. (Axonics), during the first, third and fourth quarters of 2024
, respec
tively. There were no applicable acquisitions in the first quarter of 2025. The increase in our net sales was primarily driven by strong commercial execution across our businesses, particularly in our Electrophysiology business unit, which was led by the rapid adoption of our Farapulse™ Pulsed Field Ablation System which launched in 2024. Refer to
Quarterly Results and Business Overview
for a discussion of our net sales by business.
Our reported net income attributable to Boston Scientific common stockholders for the first quarter of 2025 was $674 million, or $0.45 per diluted share. Our reported results for the first quarter of 2025 included certain charges and/or credits