inflationary pressures, interest rates, monetary policy, trade and tariff policies, foreign currency fluctuations and changes in tax laws, as well as actions by governments in response thereto, could create additional economic challenges which could negatively impact our business operations and results. We anticipate incurring incremental costs under the current schedule of reciprocal tariffs on U.S. imports recently introduced by the U.S. and the subsequent increase in tariffs implemented by China on U.S. manufactured products; these and any further tariff increases on our products by the U.S., China or any other country as well as sanctions or other measures that restrict international trade could materially negatively affect our business operations and results. While we are exploring opportunities to mitigate these negative impacts, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to offset the impact of tariffs, the ultimate impact of which will depend on various factors, including the timing, scope, and nature of any tariffs or other trade policies. In addition, geopolitical developments, including related to various ongoing global
36
Table of Contents
conflicts and tensions, may create economic, supply chain, transportation, energy, and other challenges, including disruptions to business operations, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations.
Gross Profit
Our
Gross profit
was $3.210 billion for the first quarter of 2025 and $2.648 billion for the first quarter of 2024. The following is a reconciliation of our gross profit margin and a description of the drivers of the changes from period to period:
Gross profit margin increased in the first quarter of 2025 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The primary factors that impacted gross profit margin in the first quarter of 2025 were increased sales of higher margin products, offset by inventory charges and other period expenses.
Operating Expenses
The following table provides a summary of our key operating expenses:
Selling, General and Administrative
(
SG&A) Expenses
During the first quarter of 2025,
SG&A expenses
increased $233 million, or 17 percent, compared to the prior year period and were 120 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. The increase in
SG&A expenses
was driven in part by higher selling costs driven by higher global net sales and costs to support product launches, including the Farapulse™ Pulsed Field Ablation System in our Electrophysiology business unit.
Research and Development
(
R&D) Expenses
We remain committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful R&D projects across our businesses. During the first quarter of 2025,
R&D expenses
increased $77 million, or 21 percent, compared to the prior year period and remained flat as a percentage of net sales.
R&D expenses
increased as a result of investments across our businesses in order to maintain a pipeline of new products that we believe will contribute to