Device and our WATCHMAN FLX™ Pro LAAC Device, as well as our coronary therapies franchise led by the recent U.S. launch of our AGENT™ Drug-Coated Balloon.
Peripheral Interventions
Our Peripheral Interventions business develops and manufactures products to diagnose and treat peripheral arterial and venous diseases, as well as products to diagnose, treat and ease various forms of cancer. Net sales of Peripheral Interventions products of $656 million during the first quarter of 2025 represented 14 percent of our consolidated net sales. Peripheral Interventions net sales increased $83 million, or 14.4 percent, during the first quarter of 2025, compared to the prior year period. During the first quarter of 2025, this increase included operational net sales growth of 15.8 percent and the negative impact of 140 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, compared to the prior year period. Operational net sales growth during the first quarter of 2025 included organic net sales growth of 7.4 percent and the positive impact of 840 basis points from our acquisition of Silk Road Medical during the third quarter of 2024.
Organic net sales growth was primarily driven by our interventional oncology franchise led by our Therasphere™ Y-90 Radioactive Glass Microspheres and EMBOLD™ Fibered Coil, as well as our drug-eluting portfolio within our vascular franchise led by our Ranger™ Drug Coated Balloon.
Emerging Markets
As part of our strategic imperative to drive global expansion, we are seeking to grow net sales and market share by expanding our global presence, including in Emerging Markets. Our Emerging Markets countries include all countries except the United States, Western and Central Europe, Japan, Australia, New Zealand and Canada.
Our Emerging Markets' net sales represented 15 percent of our consolidated net sales during the first quarter of 2025 and 17 percent during the first quarter of 2024. During the first quarter of 2025, our Emerging Markets net sales grew 6.5 percent on a reported basis, which included operational net sales growth of 9.8 percent and a negative impact of 330 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, compared to the prior year period. Operational net sales growth was primarily driven by growth in China, fueled by the breadth of our portfolio and focus on innovation and strong commercial execution.
Economic Environment
As a global developer, manufacturer and marketer of medical devices, our business is subject to local and international macroeconomic trends as well as geopolitical factors. While global supply chain disruptions continued to improve recently, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, increases in cost and limited availability of certain raw materials, components, and other inputs necessary to manufacture and distribute our products due to constraints and inflation within the global supply chain, as well as increases in wage costs and the cost and time to distribute our products. Uncertainty around