ongoing discussions with governmental agencies with respect to the Company’s operations, such as the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Department of Justice (DOJ) and foreign regulators, including its operations in Vietnam with respect to alleged Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) violations the Company received in March 2022. The Company has received related subpoenas for documents from the DOJ and the SEC with respect to the Vietnam matter, and is cooperating with the government while investigating these allegations. From time to time, the Company also self-discloses potential concerns to regulators. In the course of Vietnam-related discussions with the DOJ and SEC, the Company has disclosed that it is investigating other potential concerns in Vietnam and other countries.
From time to time, the Company also receives U.S.-based subpoenas and DOJ Civil Investigative Demands (CID), including the following matters: in April 2023, the Company received a DOJ subpoena that seeks documents and information related to its ambulatory electrocardiography monitoring business; in December 2023, the Company received a DOJ CID related to the provision of peripheral intervention services through office-based labs. The Company is cooperating with the DOJ in these matters.
Other Proceedings
On December 4, 2020, Enrique Jevons, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, filed a class action complaint against the Company, Michael F. Mahoney and Daniel J. Brennan, stemming from the recall and retirement of the LOTUS Edge™ Aortic Valve System (LOTUS System) in United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. On December 14, 2020, the parties agreed to transfer the case to the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. On December 16, 2020, Mariano Errichiello, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, filed a second, materially similar class action complaint against the Company, Michael F. Mahoney, Joseph M. Fitzgerald, and Daniel J. Brennan in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. Subsequently, on March 30, 2021, the Court consolidated the two actions, and appointed Union Asset Management Holding AG as the lead plaintiff. The plaintiffs filed an Amended Complaint in June 2021 that seeks unspecified compensatory damages in favor of the alleged class as well as unspecified equitable relief. The Company filed a Motion to Dismiss in July 2021, which, in December 2022, the Court granted in part and denied in part. On October 23, 2023, the Company reached an agreement in principle with the lead plaintiff to settle the case. The Court granted the motion for preliminary approval of the proposed settlement on December 27, 2023, and approved the settlement and dismissed the case on April 23, 2024.
26
Table of Contents
On February 8, 2021, the Company received a letter from The Vladimir Gusinsky Revocable Trust, a shareholder, demanding that the Company’s