requirement for all of our credit arrangements that we maintain the maximum permitted leverage ratio of
3.75
times for the remaining term. The credit agreement provides for higher leverage ratios, at our election, for the period following a Qualified Acquisition, as defined by the agreement, for which consideration exceeds $
1.000
billion. In the event of such an acquisition, for the four succeeding quarters immediately following, including the quarter in which the acquisition occurs, the maximum permitted leverage ratio is
4.75
times. It steps down for the fifth, sixth and seventh succeeding quarters to
4.50
times,
4.25
times and
4.00
times, respectively. Thereafter, a maximum leverage ratio of
3.75
times is required through the remaining term of the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. On November 15, 2024, we announced the closing of our acquisition of Axonics, Inc. (Axonics), which we had previously designated as a Qualified Acquisition under the credit agreement, increasing the maximum permitted leverage ratio to
4.75
times.
The financial covenant requirement, as amended on May 10, 2024, provides for an exclusion from the calculation of consolidated EBITDA, through maturity, of certain charges and expenses. The credit agreement amendment reset the starting date for purposes of calculating such permitted exclusions related to restructuring charges and restructuring-related expenses from December 31, 2022 to March 31, 2024. Permitted exclusions include up to $
500
million in cash and non-cash restructuring charges and restructuring-related expenses associated with our current or future restructuring plans. As of March 31, 2025, we had $
274
million of the restructuring charge exclusion remaining. In addition, any cash litigation payments (net of any cash litigation receipts), as defined by the agreement, are excluded from the calculation of consolidated EBITDA, provided that the sum of any excluded net cash litigation payments do not exceed $
1.000
billion plus all accrued legal liabilities as of December 31, 2022. As of March 31, 2025, we had $
1.429
billion of the litigation exclusion remaining.
Any inability to maintain compliance with this covenant could require us to seek to renegotiate the terms of our credit arrangements or seek waivers from compliance with this covenant, both of which could result in additional borrowing costs. Further, there can be no assurance that our lenders would agree to such new terms or grant such waivers on terms acceptable to us. In this case, all 2021 Revolving Credit Facility commitments would terminate, and any amounts borrowed under the facility would become immediately due and payable. Furthermore, any termination of our 2021 Revolving Credit Facility may negatively impact the credit ratings assigned to our commercial paper program, which may impact our ability to refinance any then outstanding commercial paper as it becomes due and payable
.
Commercial Paper
Our commercial paper program is backed by the 2021