profitable sales growth.
Other Operating Expenses
The following provides a summary of certain of our other operating expenses, which are excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance; refer to
Additional Information
for a further description.
Amortization Expense
During the first quarter of 2025,
Amortization expense
increased $6 million, or 3 percent, compared to the prior year period.
37
Table of Contents
Contingent Consideration Net Expense (Benefit)
To recognize changes in the fair value of our contingent consideration liability, we recorded net charges of $5 million and $17 million in the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, respectively. In addition, we did not make any payments during the first quarter of 2025 and we made payments of $123 million associated with prior acquisitions during the first quarter of 2024, following the achievement of revenue-based earnouts. Refer to
Note B – Acquisitions and Strategic Investments
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details related to our contingent consideration arrangements.
Restructuring and Restructuring-related Net Charges (Credits)
On February 22, 2023, our Board of Directors approved, and we committed to, a new global restructuring program (the 2023 Restructuring Plan). The 2023 Restructuring Plan is helping to advance our Global Supply Chain Optimization strategy, which is intended to simplify our manufacturing and distribution network by transferring certain production lines among facilities and drive operational efficiencies and resiliency. Key activities under the 2023 Restructuring Plan also include optimizing certain functional capabilities to achieve cost synergies and better support business growth. For more information, refer to
2023 Restructuring Plan
contained in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Pursuant to the 2023 Restructuring Plan, we recorded the following restructuring and restructuring-related charges:
(1)
These charges are recorded in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 420,
Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations.
(2)
These charges are primarily recorded within
Cost of products sold, SG&A Expenses
and
R&D Expenses
.
The following table presents our restructuring reserve balance:
Litigation-related Net Charges (Credits)
We record certain legal and product liability charges, credits and costs of defense, which we consider to be unusual or infrequent and significant as
Litigation-related net charges (credits)
within our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements. We did not record any litigation-related net charges (credits) during the first quarter of 2025 or 2024. All other legal and product liability charges, credits and costs are recorded within
SG&A expenses
.
We continue