charges (credits)
within our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements.
We did not record any litigation-related net charges (credits) during the first quarter of 2025 and
2024.
All other legal and product liability charges, credits and costs are recorded within
Selling, general and administrative expenses
within our accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations.
We continue to assess certain litigation and claims to determine the amounts, if any, that management believes will be paid as a result of such claims and litigation and, therefore, additional losses may be accrued and paid in the future, which could materially adversely impact our operating results, cash flows and/or our ability to comply with our financial covenant required by our credit arrangements.
In management's opinion, we are not currently involved in any legal proceedings other than those disclosed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and those specifically identified below, which, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operations and/or cash flows. Unless included in our legal accrual or otherwise indicated below, a range of loss associated with any individual material legal proceeding cannot be reasonably estimated.
Patent Litigation
On November 20, 2017, The Board of Regents, University of Texas System and TissueGen. Inc. (collectively, UT), served a lawsuit against us in the Western District of Texas. The complaint against the Company alleges patent infringement of two U.S. patents owned by UT, relating to “Drug Releasing Biodegradable Fiber Implant” and “Drug Releasing Biodegradable Fiber for Delivery of Therapeutics,” and affects the manufacture, use and sale of our Synergy™ Stent System. UT primarily seeks a reasonable royalty. On March 12, 2018, the District Court for the Western District of Texas dismissed the action and transferred it to the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. On September 5, 2019, the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit affirmed the dismissal of the District Court for the Western District of Texas. In April 2020, the United States Supreme Court denied the UT’s Petition for Certiorari. UT proceeded with its case against the Company in Delaware. In January 2023, a jury trial was held on the issue of whether the one UT patent still asserted in the case was valid and whether it was infringed by the Company. On January 31, 2023, a jury concluded that UT’s patent was valid and willfully infringed by the Company, and awarded UT $
42
million in damages. Following the trial, UT filed a motion seeking prejudgment interest and enhanced damages. The Company filed a motion seeking judgment as a matter of law in its favor or alternatively a new trial. On June 5, 2024, the Court granted the Company’s motion for judgment as a matter of law of no willful infringement, but otherwise denied the Company’s motions. The Court also denied UT’s