our accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations.
Interest Rate Hedging Instruments
Risk Management Strategy
Our interest rate risk relates primarily to U.S. dollar and euro-denominated borrowings partially offset by U.S. dollar cash investments. We use interest rate derivative instruments to mitigate the risk to our earnings and cash flows associated with exposure to changes in interest rates. Under these agreements, we and the counterparty, at specified intervals, exchange the difference between fixed and floating interest amounts calculated by reference to an agreed-upon notional principal amount. We designate these derivative instruments either as fair value or cash flow hedges in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815.
Hedge Designations and Relationships
We had
no
interest rate derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges outstanding as of March 31, 2025 or December 31, 2024. In the event that we designate outstanding interest rate derivative instruments as cash flow hedges, we record the changes in the fair value of the derivatives within OCI until the underlying hedged transaction occurs.
We had
no
interest rate derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges outstanding as of March 31, 2025 or December 31, 2024. In the event that we designate outstanding interest rate derivative instruments as fair value hedges, we record the changes in the fair values of interest-rate derivatives designated as fair value hedges and of the underlying hedged debt instruments in
Interest expense
, which generally offset.
The following table presents the contractual amounts of our hedging instruments outstanding:
(1)
Foreign currency-denominated debt is the €
900
million debt principal associated with our December 2027 Notes designated as a net investment hedge.
The remaining time to maturity as of March 31, 2025 is within
36
months for all forward currency contracts designated as cash flow hedges and generally less than
one year
for all non-designated forward currency contracts. The forward currency contracts designated as net investment hedges generally mature between
one
and
two
years. The euro-denominated debt principal designated as a net investment hedge has a contractual maturity of December 1, 2027.
The following presents the effect of our derivative and nonderivative instruments designated as cash flow and net investment hedges under FASB ASC Topic 815 within our accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations. Refer to
Note L – Changes in Other Comprehensive Income
for the total amounts relating to derivative and nonderivative instruments presented within our accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
14
Table of Contents
(1)
In all periods presented in the table above, the pre-tax (gain) loss amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings represent the effect of the hedging relationships on earnings.
(2)
For our outstanding forward currency contracts designated as net