countries that have adopted the Pillar Two rules, and the guidance issued to date.
The Company continues to monitor further legislative adoption of the Pillar Two rules by country. The United States has not enacted the Pillar Two global minimum tax, and the current administration announced its intention to effectively withdraw from the OECD Inclusive Framework as well as its intention to enact retaliatory measures against countries who assert extraterritorial taxes against U.S. taxpayers. In addition, significant uncertainty exists regarding the interpretation of the detailed Pillar Two rules, whether such rules will be implemented consistently across taxing jurisdictions, how such rules interact with existing national tax laws and whether such rules are consistent with existing tax treaty obligations. Developments related to these uncertainties could impact our expectations regarding the impact of the Pillar Two global minimum tax on our tax rate from continuing operations in 2025.
39
Table of Contents
Our operations presently benefit from various tax provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs act which are set to expire in 2025. If future legislation is unable to extend or modify these provisions, this could have a material adverse impact on our overall effective tax rate, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
See
Note G – Income Taxes
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details on our tax rate.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Our financial results are affected by the selection and application of accounting policies and methods. During the first quarter of 2025, there were no material changes to the application of critical accounting policies previously disclosed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Based on our current business plan, we believe our existing balance of
Cash and cash equivalents
, future cash generated from operations, access to capital markets and existing credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our operations, invest in our infrastructure, pay our legal-related liabilities, pay taxes due, service and repay our existing debt and fund possible acquisitions for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future.
As of March 31, 2025, we had $725 million of unrestricted
Cash and cash equivalents
on hand, including approximately $104 million held by Acotec Scientific Holdings Limited, a less than wholly owned entity of which we acquired a majority stake investment during the first quarter of 2024.
The balance is comprised of $381 million invested in money market funds and time deposits and $345 million in interest bearing and non-interest-bearing bank accounts. We invest excess cash on hand in short-term financial instruments that earn at market interest rates while mitigating principal risk through instrument and counterparty diversification, as well as what we