party transaction occurs. When the underlying third-party transaction occurs, we recognize the gain or loss in earnings within
Cost of products sold
within our unaudited consolidated statements of operations. In the event the hedging relationship is no longer effective, or if the occurrence of the hedged forecast transaction becomes no longer probable, we reclassify the gains or losses within
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
(AOCI) to earnings at that time. The cash flows related to the derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges are reported as operating activities within our unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows.
We also designate certain forward currency contracts as net investment hedges to hedge a portion of our net investments in certain of our entities with functional currencies denominated in euro, Chinese renminbi and Japanese yen. For these derivative instruments, we elected to use the spot method to assess hedge effectiveness. We also elected to exclude the spot-forward difference, referred to as the excluded component, from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are amortizing this amount separately, as calculated at the date of designation, on a straight-line basis over the term of the currency forward contracts. As such, we defer recognition of foreign currency gains and losses within the
Foreign currency translation adjustment
(CTA) component of OCI, and we reclassify amortization of the excluded component from AOCI to current period earnings within
Interest expense
within our unaudited consolidated statements of operations.
We designate certain euro-denominated debt as net investment hedges to hedge a portion of our net investments in certain of our entities with functional currencies denominated in euro. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we designated as a net investment hedge our €
900
million in aggregate principal amount of
0.625
% senior notes issued in November 2019 and due in 2027 (December 2027 Notes). For these nonderivative instruments, we defer recognition of the foreign currency
13
Table of Contents
remeasurement gains and losses within the
CTA component of OCI. We reclassify these gains and losses to current period earnings within
Other, net
within our accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations only when the hedged item affects earnings, which would occur upon disposal or substantial liquidation of the underlying foreign subsidiary.
We also use forward currency contracts that are not part of designated hedging relationships as a part of our strategy to manage our exposure to currency exchange rate risk related to monetary assets and liabilities and related forecast transactions. These non-designated currency forward contracts have an original time to maturity consistent with the hedged currency transaction exposures, generally less than
one year
, and are marked-to-market with changes in fair value recorded to earnings within
Other, net
within