year. Potential common stock equivalents are determined using the treasury stock method. We exclude stock options and stock awards from the calculation if the effect would be anti-dilutive.
We issued approximately
five
million shares of our common stock in the first quarter of 2025 and approximately
four
million shares in the first quarter of 2024. Shares were issued following the exercise of stock options, vesting of restricted stock units or purchases under our employee stock purchase plan. We did
not
repurchase any shares of our common stock in the first quarter of 2025 or 2024. On December 14, 2020, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $
1.000
billion of our common stock. As of March 31, 2025, we had the full amount remaining available under the authorization.
27
Table of Contents
NOTE J – SEGMENT REPORTING
We aggregate our core businesses into
two
reportable segments: MedSurg and Cardiovascular, each of which generates revenues from the sale of medical devices. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 280,
Segment Reporting
, we identified our reportable segments based on the nature of our products, production processes, type of customer, selling and distribution methods and regulatory environment, as well as the economic characteristics of each of our operating segments. Our chief operating decision maker (CODM) is our President and Chief Executive Officer.
We measure and evaluate our reportable segments based on their respective net sales, cost of goods sold, selling, general and administrative expenses, research and development expenses, operating income, excluding intersegment profits, and operating income as a percentage of net sales, all based on internally-derived standard currency exchange rates to exclude the impact of foreign currency, which may be updated from year to year. We exclude from segment expenses and segment operating income certain corporate-related expenses and certain transactions or adjustments that our CODM considers to be non-operational, such as amounts related to amortization expense, goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition/divestiture-related net charges (credits), restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits), certain litigation-related net charges (credits) and European Union (EU) Medical Device Regulation (MDR) implementation costs. Although we exclude these amounts from segment expenses and segment operating income they are included in reported
Income (loss) before income taxes
within our accompanying unaudited consolidated statements of operations and are included in the reconciliation below. The CODM uses segment operating income in the budget and forecasting process and to monitor budget versus actual results, which are used in assessing the performance of the reportable segments and to allocate resources across our reportable segments Refer to
Note K – Revenue
for net sales by reportable segment presented in