exchange rates and interest rates through risk management programs which include the use of derivative and nonderivative financial instruments. We operate these programs pursuant to documented corporate risk management policies and do not enter into derivative transactions for speculative purposes. Our derivative instruments do not subject our earnings to material risk, as the gains or losses on these derivatives generally offset losses or gains recognized on the hedged item.
We manage concentration of counterparty credit risk by limiting acceptable counterparties to major financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings, limiting the amount of credit exposure to individual counterparties and by actively monitoring counterparty credit ratings and the amount of individual credit exposure. We also employ master netting arrangements that limit the risk of counterparty non-payment on a particular settlement date to the net gain that would have otherwise been received from the counterparty. Although not completely eliminated, we do not consider the risk of counterparty default to be significant as a result of these protections. Further, none of our derivative instruments are subject to collateral or other security arrangements, nor do they contain provisions that are dependent on our credit ratings from any credit rating agency.
Currency Hedging Instruments
Risk Management Strategy
Our risk from changes in currency exchange rates consists primarily of monetary assets and liabilities; forecasted intercompany and third-party transactions; and net investments in certain subsidiaries. We manage currency exchange rate risk at a consolidated level to reduce the cost of hedging by taking advantage of offsetting transactions. We employ derivative and nonderivative instruments, primarily forward currency contracts, to reduce the risk to our earnings and cash flows associated with changes in currency exchange rates.
The success of our currency risk management program depends, in part, on forecasted transactions denominated primarily in euro, Chinese renminbi, Japanese yen, British pound sterling, Australian dollar and Swiss franc. We may experience unanticipated currency exchange gains or losses to the extent the actual activity is different than forecasted. In addition, changes in currency exchange rates related to any unhedged transactions may impact our earnings and cash flows.
Hedge Designations and Relationships
Certain of our currency derivative instruments are designated as cash flow hedges under FASB ASC Topic 815
, Derivatives and Hedging
(FASB ASC Topic 815), and are intended to protect the U.S. dollar value of forecasted transactions. The gain or loss on a derivative instrument designated as a cash flow hedge is recorded in the
Net change in derivative financial instruments
component of
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
(OCI)
within our unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) until the underlying third-