totaling $447 million (after-tax), or $0.30 per diluted share. Excluding these items, adjusted net income attributable to Boston Scientific common stockholders
3
was $1.121 billion, or $0.75 per diluted share.
Our reported net income attributable to Boston Scientific common stockholders for the first quarter of 2024 was $495 million, or $0.33 per diluted share. Our reported results for the first quarter of 2024 included certain charges and/or credits totaling $337 million (after-tax), or $0.23 per diluted share. Excluding these items, adjusted net income attributable to Boston Scientific common stockholders
3
was $832 million, or $0.56 per diluted share.
1
Operational net sales growth excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations.
2
Organic net sales growth excludes the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and net sales attributable to certain acquisitions and divestitures for which there are less than a full period of comparable net sales.
3
Adjusted measures, including operational and organic net sales growth and adjusted net income attributable to Boston Scientific common stockholders, exclude certain items required by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP), are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a replacement for, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Refer to
Additional Information
for a discussion of management’s use of these non-GAAP financial measures.
33
Table of Contents
The following is a reconciliation of our results of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP to those adjusted results considered by management. Refer to
Quarterly Results and Business Overview
and
Additional Information
for a discussion of these reconciling items:
34
Table of Contents
Quarterly Results and Business Overview
The following section describes our net sales and results of operations by reportable segment and business. For additional information on our businesses and product offerings, refer to
Item 1. Business
of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.
MedSurg
Endoscopy
Our Endoscopy business develops and manufactures devices to diagnose and treat a broad range of gastrointestinal (GI) conditions with innovative, less-invasive technologies. Net sales of Endoscopy products of $673 million during the first quarter of 2025 represented 14 percent of
our consolidated net sales. Endoscopy
net sales increased $30 million, or 4.7 percent, during the first quarter of 2025, compared to the prior year period. During the first quarter of 2025, this increase included operational net sales growth of 5.9 percent and the negative impact of 120 basis points from foreign currency fluctuations, compared to the prior year period. Operational net sales growth during the first quarter of 2025 included organic net sales growth of 5.5 percent and the positive impact of 40 basis points from our acquisition of the endoluminal vacuum therapy portfolio of Bra
un during the
first