an intravascular lithotripsy advanced laser-based platform for the treatment of coronary and peripheral artery disease. We had been an investor in Bolt Medical since 2019 and held an equity stake of approximately
26
percent immediately prior to the acquisition date. The transaction price to acquire the remaining stake consisted of an upfront cash payment of approximately $
516
million upon closing and up to an additional $
148
million in a future payment upon achievement of a regulatory milestone. The Bolt Medical business will be integrated into our Cardiology and Peripheral Interventions divisions.
On March 3, 2025, we announced our entry into a definitive agreement to acquire SoniVie Ltd. (SoniVie), a privately held medical device company that has developed the TIVUS™ Intravascular Ultrasound System. An investigational technology, the TIVUS system is designed to denervate nerves surrounding blood vessels to treat a variety of hypertensive disorders, including renal artery denervation for hypertension. We have been an investor in SoniVie since 2022 and currently hold an equity stake of approximately
10
percent. The transaction price to acquire the remaining stake is expected to result in an upfront cash payment of approximately $
360
million upon closing and up to an additional $
180
million in a future payment upon achievement of a regulatory milestone. The transaction is expected to close during the second quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions. The SoniVie business will be integrated into our Cardiology division.
9
Table of Contents
On November 25, 2024, we announced our entry into a definitive agreement to acquire
100
percent of Intera Oncology®, Inc. (Intera), a privately held medical device company that provides the Intera 3000 Hepatic Artery Infusion Pump and floxuridine – a chemotherapy drug – both of which are approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. The Intera 3000 pump is used to administer hepatic artery infusion therapy to treat tumors in the liver primarily caused by metastatic colorectal cancer. The purchase price consists of an upfront cash payment of approximately $
175
million. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions. The Intera business will be integrated into our Peripheral Interventions division.
2025 Acquisitions
On January 24, 2025, we completed our acquisition of
100
percent of Cortex, Inc. (Cortex), a privately held medical technology company focused on the development of a diagnostic mapping solution which may identify triggers and drivers outside of the pulmonary veins that are foundational to atrial fibrillation (AF). The transaction consisted of an upfront cash payment of $
239
million, net of cash acquired, and up to an additional $
50
million in future payments upon achievement of clinical and other milestones. The Cortex business will be integrated into our Cardiology division.
Purchase Price Allocation
We accounted