motion for enhanced damages, awarded approximately $
7
million in pre-judgment interest, and awarded post-judgment interest. On July 3, 2024, UT and the Company each filed a notice of appeal.
Upon the Company’s acquisition of Axonics on November 15, 2024, the Company assumed responsibility for all litigation pending against Axonics. On September 18, 2023, Axonics commenced an arbitration dispute against the Al Mann Foundation (AMF), in response to which AMF asserted multiple claims against Axonics. This arbitration will resolve, among other things, whether AMF terminated its licensing agreement with Axonics and whether Axonics owes royalties to AMF for its non-rechargeable sacral neuromodulation products. This dispute is scheduled for an arbitration hearing in July 2025.
Product Liability Litigation
Multiple product liability cases or claims related to transvaginal surgical mesh products designed to treat stress urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse have been asserted against us, predominantly in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Scotland, Ireland, and Australia. Plaintiffs generally seek monetary damages based on allegations of personal injury
25
Table of Contents
associated with the use of our transvaginal surgical mesh products, including design and manufacturing claims, failure to warn, breach of warranty, fraud, violations of state consumer protection laws and loss of consortium claims. We have entered into individual and master settlement agreements or are in the final stages of entering agreements with certain plaintiffs' counsel, to resolve the majority of these cases and claims. All settlement agreements were entered into solely by way of compromise and without any admission or concession by us of any liability or wrongdoing. In addition, in April 2021 the Company's Board of Directors received a shareholder demand under section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, for inspection of books and records related to mesh settlements. The Company has notified our insurer and retained counsel to respond to the demand.
We have established a product liability accrual for remaining claims asserted against us associated with our transvaginal surgical mesh products and the costs of defense thereof. We continue to engage in discussions with plaintiffs’ counsel regarding potential resolution of pending cases and claims, which we continue to vigorously contest. The final resolution of the cases and claims is uncertain and could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. Trials involving our transvaginal surgical mesh products have resulted in both favorable and unfavorable judgments for us. We do not believe that the judgment in any one trial is representative of potential outcomes of all cases or claims related to our transvaginal surgical mesh products.
Governmental Investigations and Qui Tam Matters
Like many healthcare companies, the Company receives inquiries and has