March 31, 2025, $11.243 billion in aggregate principal amount of our outstanding debt obligations was at fixed interest rates, representing approximately 100 percent of our total debt, on an amortized cost basis. As of March 31, 2025, our outstanding debt obligations at fixed interest rates were comprised of senior notes.
Refer to
Note D – Hedging Activities and Fair Value Measurements
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information regarding our derivative financial instruments.
48
Table of Contents
ITEM 4.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2025 pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms and ensure that such material information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on their evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of March 31, 2025, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
During 2022, we began a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, which will replace our existing system. The implementation is expected to occur in phases over the next several years. The portion of the transition to the new ERP system which we have completed to date resulted in changes in our internal control over financial reporting. No changes occurred during the first quarter of 2025. As future phases are implemented, we expect the changes to have a material impact on our internal controls over financial reporting and we will evaluate whether these process changes necessitate further changes in the design of and testing for effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting.
49
Table of Contents
PART II
OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Refer to
Note H – Commitments and Contingencies
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
In addition to other information contained elsewhere in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A.
Risk Factors
in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, which could