of our reported tax rate to the rate from continuing operations:
(1)
These receipts/charges are taxed at different rates than our rate from continuing operations.
Our reported tax rate is affected by recurring items such as the amount of our earnings subject to differing tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the impact of certain receipts and charges that are taxed at rates that differ from our rate from continuing operations.
In the first quarter of 2025, the principal reasons for the difference between the rate from continuing operations and our reported tax rate relates to certain acquisition-related net charges, and discrete tax benefits primarily related to stock-based compensation.
In the first quarter of 2024, the principal reasons for the difference between the rate from continuing operations and our reported tax rate relates to certain acquisition-related net charges, and certain discrete tax benefits primarily related to unrecognized tax benefits and stock-based compensation.
As of March 31, 2025, we had $
514
million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which a net $
431
million, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. As of December 31, 2024, we had $
506
million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which a net $
423
million, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. The change in gross unrecognized tax benefit is primarily related to current year accruals for reserves.
NOTE H – COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
The medical device market in which we participate is largely technology driven. As a result, intellectual property rights, particularly patents and trade secrets, play a significant role in product development and differentiation. Over the years, there has been litigation initiated against us by others, including our competitors, claiming that our current or former product offerings infringe patents owned or licensed by them. Intellectual property litigation is inherently complex and unpredictable. In addition, competing parties frequently file multiple suits to leverage patent portfolios across product lines, technologies and geographies and to balance risk and exposure between the parties. In some cases, several competitors are parties in the same proceeding, or in a series of related proceedings, or litigate multiple features of a single class of devices. These dynamics frequently drive settlement not only for individual cases, but also for a series of pending and potentially related and unrelated cases. Although monetary and injunctive relief is typically sought, remedies and restitution are generally not determined until the conclusion of the trial court proceedings and can be modified on appeal. Accordingly, the outcomes of individual cases are difficult to time, predict or quantify and are often dependent upon the outcomes of other cases in other geographies.
During recent years, we successfully negotiated closure of several long-standing legal matters and have received favorable rulings in