plans. As of March 31, 2025, we had $274 million of the restructuring charge exclusion remaining. In addition, any cash litigation payments (net of any cash litigation receipts), as defined by the agreement, are excluded from the calculation of consolidated EBITDA, provided that the sum of any excluded net cash litigation payments do not exceed $1.000 billion plus all accrued legal liabilities as of December 31, 2022. As of March 31, 2025, we had $1.429 billion of the litigation exclusion remaining.
41
Table of Contents
Contractual Obligations and Commitments
On March 3, 2025, we announced our entry into a definitive agreement to acquire SoniVie Ltd. (SoniVie), a privately held medical device company that has developed the TIVUS™ Intravascular Ultrasound System. The TIVUS system is designed to denervate nerves surrounding blood vessels to treat a variety of hypertensive disorders, including renal artery denervation for hypertension. We have been an investor in SoniVie since 2022 and currently hold an equity stake of approximately 10 percent. The transaction price to acquire the remaining stake is expected to result in an upfront cash payment of approximately $360 million upon closing and up to an additional $180 million in a future payment upon achievement of a regulatory milestone. The transaction is expected to close during the second quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions. We plan to fund the acquisition through a mix of cash on hand and commercial paper. The SoniVie business will be integrated into our Cardiology division.
Certain of our acquisitions involve the payment of contingent consideration. Refer to
Note B – Acquisitions and Strategic Investments
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further details regarding the estimated potential amount of future contingent consideration we could be required to pay associated with our acquisitions. There have been no other material changes to our contractual obligations and commitments as of March 31, 2025.
Equity
We received $115 million during the first quarter of 2025 and $80 million during the first quarter of 2024 in proceeds from stock issuances related to our stock option and employee stock purchase plans. Proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options and employee stock purchases vary from period to period based upon, among other factors, fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock and in the exercise and stock purchase patterns of our employees.
We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the first quarter of 2025 or 2024. On December 14, 2020, our Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $1.000 billion of our common stock. As of March 31, 2025, we had the full amount remaining available under the authorization.
Legal Matters
For a discussion of our material legal proceedings refer to
Note H – Commitments