Corporation have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X, and they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. When used in this report, the terms, "we," "us," "our," and "the Company" mean Boston Scientific Corporation and its divisions and subsidiaries. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2025 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2025. Accordingly, our unaudited consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto included in Item 8 of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company's wholly owned- subsidiaries and entities for which we have a controlling financial interest. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. We consolidate our majority stake investment in Acotec Scientific Holdings Limited on a one quarter lag.
Amounts reported in millions within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are computed based on the amounts in thousands. As a result, the sum of the components may not equal the total amount reported in millions due to rounding. Certain columns and rows within tables may not add due to the use of rounded numbers. Percentages presented are calculated from the underlying unrounded amounts.
Subsequent Events
We evaluate events occurring after the date of our accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheets for potential recognition or disclosure in our unaudited consolidated financial statements. Those items requiring recognition in the financial statements have been recorded and disclosed accordingly.
Those items requiring disclosure (non-recognized subsequent events) in the financial statements have been disclosed accordingly. Refer to
Note B – Acquisitions and Strategic Investments
for further details.
NOTE B – ACQUISITIONS AND STRATEGIC INVESTMENTS
Our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements include the operating results for acquired entities from the respective dates of acquisition. We have not presented supplemental pro forma financial information for completed acquisitions or divestitures given their results are not material to our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements. Further, transaction costs were immaterial to our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements and were expensed as incurred.
On April 1, 2025, we completed our acquisition of the remaining shares of Bolt Medical, Inc. (Bolt Medical), the developer of