to assess certain litigation and claims to determine the amounts, if any, that management believes will be paid as a result of such claims and litigation, and therefore, additional losses may be accrued and paid in the future, which could materially adversely impact our operating results, cash flows and/or our ability to comply with the financial covenant required by our credit arrangements. Refer to
Note H – Commitments and Contingencies
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for discussion of our material legal proceedings.
38
Table of Contents
Interest Expense
The following table provides a summary of our
Interest expense
and average borrowing rate:
Interest expense
increased during the first quarter of 2025 compared to the prior year period primarily due to increased debt from the registered public offering of €1.500 billion in aggregate principal amount of euro-denominated senior notes (the 2025 Eurobonds) during the quarter. Our average borrowing rate increased during the first quarter of 2025 compared to the prior year period. Refer to
Liquidity and Capital Resources
and
Note E – Contractual Obligations and Commitments
to our unaudited consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information regarding our debt obligations.
Tax Rate
The following table provides a reconciliation of our reported tax rate to the rate from continuing operations:
(1)
These receipts/charges are taxed at different rates than our rate from continuing operations.
Our reported tax rate is affected by recurring items such as the amount of our earnings subject to differing tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the impact of certain receipts and charges that are taxed at rates that differ from our rate from continuing operations.
In the first quarter of 2025, the principal reasons for the difference between the rate from continuing operations and our reported tax rate relates to certain acquisition-related net charges, and discrete tax benefits primarily related to stock-based compensation.
In the first quarter of 2024, the principal reasons for the difference between the rate from continuing operations and our reported tax rate relates to certain acquisition-related net charges, and certain discrete tax benefits primarily related to unrecognized tax benefits and stock-based compensation.
Effective January 1, 2024, many countries where we do business adopted a global minimum effective tax rate of 15% based on the Pillar Two framework issued by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). Other countries where we do business are also considering adopting the framework or are in various stages of enacting the framework into their country’s laws. The impact of the Pillar Two global minimum tax on our 2024 tax rate from continuing operations was immaterial, and we expect a similar impact in 2025 based on the