Deferral Plan for a given year may
246
Table of Contents
not necessarily be selected to participate in a subsequent year. For 2024, all employees other than Mr. Schwarzman, who received no bonus in respect of 2024, were selected to participate in the Bonus Deferral Plan, with the deferred amount (if any) determined in accordance with the table described below or as otherwise determined in the discretion of the Plan Administrator. For fiscal 2024, the Plan Administrator determined that 100% of the annual cash bonus payment for each of Messrs. Gray, Chae and Sawhney would be deferred.
In respect of the deferred portion of his or her annual cash bonus payment, each participant receives deferral units which represent rights to receive in the future a specified amount of common stock units under our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, subject to vesting provisions described below. The amount of each participant’s annual cash bonus payment deferred under the Bonus Deferral Plan is calculated pursuant to a deferral rate table using the participant’s total annual incentive compensation, which generally includes such participant’s annual cash bonus payment and a portion of any incentive fees earned in connection with our investment funds, and is subject to certain adjustments, including reductions for mandatory contributions to our investment funds. For deferrals of annual cash bonus payments, the deferral percentage was calculated on the basis set forth in the following table (or such other table that may be adopted by the Plan Administrator).
Mandatory Deferral Awards
. Generally, deferral units are satisfied by delivery of shares of our common stock in equal annual installments over a three-year deferral period. Delivery of shares of our common stock underlying vested deferral units is generally made during open trading window periods to facilitate the participant’s liquidity to meet tax obligations. If the participant’s employment is terminated for cause, the participant’s undelivered deferral units (vested and unvested) will be immediately forfeited. Upon a change in control or termination of the participant’s employment because of death, any undelivered deferral units (vested and unvested) will become immediately deliverable. Unvested bonus deferral awards will be forfeited upon resignation, will immediately vest and be delivered if the participant’s employment is terminated without cause or because of disability and, in connection with a Tier I or Tier II qualifying retirement, will continue to vest and be delivered over the applicable deferral period, subject to forfeiture if the participant violates any applicable provision of his or her employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity (as such term is defined in the Bonus Deferral Plan).
The 105,312, 28,797, 23,663 and 12,074 deferred restricted common stock granted to Mr. Gray, Mr. Chae, Mr. Finley and Mr. Sawhney, respectively, in 2022 for 2021 performance vested
one-third
on January 1,