We, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies face risks associated with climate change including risks related to the impact of
climate-
and
sustainability-related
legislation and regulation (both domestically and internationally), risks related to business trends related to climate change and technology (such as the process of transitioning to a
lower-carbon
economy), and risks stemming from the physical impacts of climate change.
Climate and
sustainability-related
regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations, which could negatively affect us, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies and materially increase the regulatory burden and cost of compliance. For example, in recent years the EU has adopted the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (“CSRD”), the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (“SFDR”)
41
Table of Contents
and its corresponding Taxonomy Regulation, and the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (“CSDDD”), while the U.K. has published final rules for its Sustainability Disclosure Requirements and investment labels regime (“SDR”). In June 2024, BELL began reporting certain
U.K.-law
required
climate-related
financial information in line with the Task Force on
Climate-Related
Financial Disclosure’s recommendations. Several U.S. states are also at various stages of seeking to regulate climate-related disclosures. For example, California has enacted, and legislators in New York have introduced, climate disclosure laws that could require us to report on, among other matters, greenhouse gas emissions and climate-related risks. These frameworks have detailed disclosure requirements that would impact us and/or certain of our funds and may conflict with certain of our other regulatory obligations, such as limitations on general solicitation for private funds. As a consequence, we may be unable to fully comply with some requirements of these new regimes, which could result in regulatory actions against us. In addition, the current U.S. Presidential administration or the U.S. Congress may seek to modify policies or regulations of the prior administration, including limitations on coal and gas electric generation, mining and/or exploration, as well as various tax incentives under the Inflation Reduction Act intended to spur clean energy investment. While certain of our funds’ portfolio companies and investments may benefit from such policies, certain other portfolio companies and investments focused on renewables or other forms of “green energy” may be adversely impacted.
Moreover, collecting, measuring and reporting the information and metrics required under various existing regulations has imposed administrative burden and increased cost on us. Such burden and cost are likely to increase if new or proposed regulations are enacted, particularly if the requirements imposed on us by various regulations lack harmonization on a global basis. We may also communicate