demonstrated strong performance in the first quarter of 2025. Credit & Insurance funds have benefited from an environment of high interest rates, although these rates have decreased relative to recent years. A further decline in interest rates and/or widening of credit spreads would make it more difficult for our credit funds to replicate recent strong performance. Recently announced tariffs in the U.S., however, have contributed to significant and ongoing uncertainty and volatility of markets. There is significant uncertainty as to the outcome of ongoing global trade negotiations, the extent of retaliatory measures taken by other countries and the ultimate impact on the U.S. and global economies. We believe a relatively limited proportion of the Credit & Insurance segment’s portfolio is exposed to direct first-order impacts from the announced tariffs. A relatively small portion of our Credit and Insurance funds’ borrowers, however, are in sectors that are more likely to be materially impacted due to sales of physical goods into the U.S. with material international supply chain dependencies. A slowdown in the U.S. and global economies as a result of a prolonged period of policy-driven uncertainty and continued market volatility would increase the risk of defaults by borrowers and could more broadly adversely affect performance in our Credit & Insurance portfolio. With respect to institutional fundraising, market volatility, uncertainty and geopolitical concerns have contributed to a limited number of investors pausing new commitments, but to date the overall impact on such fundraising has been immaterial. We have not seen a broad-based pullback in the private wealth channel, although a prolonged period of turbulence could adversely impact fundraising in the channel.
101
Table of Contents
More broadly, however, we continue to see long-term structural shifts in the lending market. This has contributed to robust momentum in non-investment grade strategies, investment grade private credit and perpetual capital strategies, opportunities to generate excess returns relative to liquid markets in our non-investment grade strategies and attractive and sizeable deployment opportunities in investment-grade strategies. Moreover, rapidly expanding private credit markets and other opportunities for corporate and bank partnerships should continue to be supportive of overall transaction activity, including deployment. Given the significant opportunities in the space, competition in the private credit markets has increased and is likely to increase further as a result of product innovation and customization by private credit managers. In addition, regulatory measures aimed at reducing burden on U.S. banks, such as less onerous bank regulatory capital requirements, may also increase competition.
Fee Related Earnings
Fee Related Earnings were $344.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, an increase of $72.1 million, compared to $272.3 million for the