of our common stock are not able to bring matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or nominate directors at such meeting, nor are they generally able to submit stockholder proposals under Rule
14a-8
of the Exchange Act.
As a result, the holders of our common stock may be limited in their ability to influence our business. See “—Potential conflicts of interest may arise among the Series II Preferred Stockholder and the holders of our common stock.”
We are a controlled company and as a result qualify for some exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements of the New York Stock Exchange.
Because the Series II Preferred Stockholder holds more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors, we are a “controlled company” and fall within exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. Pursuant to these exceptions, controlled companies
73
Table of Contents
may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, including the requirements (a) that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors, (b) that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors, (c) that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors and (d) that the compensation committee be required to consider certain independence factors when engaging compensation consultants, legal counsel and other committee advisers. While we currently have a majority independent board of directors, we have elected to avail ourselves of the other exceptions. Accordingly, our common stockholders generally do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE.
Potential conflicts of interest may arise among the Series II Preferred Stockholder and the holders of our common stock.
Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., an entity owned by senior managing directors of Blackstone and controlled by Mr. Schwarzman, is the sole holder of the Series II Preferred stock. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise among the Series II Preferred Stockholder, on the one hand, and us and our holders of our common stock, on the other hand. The Series II Preferred Stockholder has the ability to influence our business and affairs through its ownership of Series II Preferred stock, the Series II Preferred Stockholder’s general ability to appoint our board of directors, and provisions under our certificate of incorporation requiring Series II Preferred Stockholder approval for certain corporate actions (in addition to approval by our board of directors). If the holders of our common stock are dissatisfied with the performance of our board of directors, they have no ability to remove any of our directors, with or without cause. In addition, our certificate of incorporation