clients and maintaining existing asset management arrangements, including those described above. If we fail to deliver or originate
high-quality,
high-performing
products, strategies or assets that help our insurance company clients meet
long-term
policyholder obligations, we may not be successful in retaining existing investment partnerships, developing new investment partnerships or originating or selling
capital-efficient
assets or products. Such failure may have a material adverse effect on our business, results and financial condition.
The U.S. and
non-U.S.
insurance industries are subject to significant regulatory oversight. Regulatory authorities in many relevant jurisdictions have broad regulatory (including through certain regulatory support organizations), administrative, and in some cases discretionary, authority with respect to insurance companies and/or their investment advisors, which may include, among other things, the investments insurance companies may acquire and hold, marketing practices, affiliate transactions, reserve requirements and capital adequacy. These requirements are primarily concerned with the protection of policyholders, and regulatory authorities often have wide discretion in applying the relevant restrictions and regulations to insurance companies, which may indirectly affect us. We may be the target or subject of, or may have indemnification obligations related to, litigation (including class action litigation by policyholders), enforcement investigations or regulatory scrutiny. Regulators and other authorities generally have the power to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against insurance companies, which could result in, among other things, suspension or revocation of licenses,
cease-and-desist
orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action. To the extent we are involved in such regulatory actions, our reputation could be harmed, we may become liable for indemnification obligations and we could potentially be subject to enforcement actions, fines and penalties.
Recently, insurance regulatory authorities and regulatory support organizations have increased scrutiny of private equity’s involvement in the insurance industry, including with respect to the ownership by such managers or their affiliated funds of, and the management of assets on behalf of, insurance companies. For example, insurance regulators, including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (“NAIC”), the U.S.
standard-setting
and regulatory support organization for the insurance industry, have increasingly focused on the terms and structure of investment management agreements. This has included focus on whether such agreements are at arms’ length, establish a control relationship with the insurance company, grant the asset manager excessive authority or oversight over the investment strategy of the insurance company or provide for management fees that are not fair and reasonable or