vehicles. As permitted under GAAP, Blackstone measures notes issued by consolidated CLO vehicles as (a) the sum of the fair value of the consolidated CLO assets and the carrying value of any non-financial assets held temporarily, less (b) the sum of the fair value of any beneficial interests retained by Blackstone (other than those that represent compensation for services) and Blackstone’s carrying value of any beneficial interests that represent compensation for services. As a result of this measurement alternative, there is no attribution of amounts to Non-Controlling Interests for consolidated CLO vehicles. Assets of the consolidated CLOs are presented within Investments within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and notes payable within Loans Payable for the amounts due to unaffiliated third parties. Changes in the fair value of consolidated CLO assets and liabilities and related interest, dividend and other income are presented within Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities. Expenses of consolidated CLO vehicles are presented in Fund Expenses.
17
1
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Blackstone has elected the fair value option for certain proprietary investments that would otherwise have been accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The fair value of such investments is based on quoted prices in an active market, quoted prices that are published on a regular basis and are the basis for current transactions or using the discounted cash flow method. Changes in fair value are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Further disclosure on instruments for which the fair value option has been elected is presented in Note 6. “Fair Value Option.”
Blackstone may elect to measure certain proprietary investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values under the measurement alternative, which reflects cost less impairment, with adjustments in value resulting from observable price changes arising from orderly transactions of the same or a similar security from the same issuer. If the measurement alternative election is not made, the equity security is measured at fair value. The measurement alternative election is made on an instrument by instrument basis. The election is reassessed each reporting period to determine whether investments under the measurement alternative have readily determinable fair values, in which case they would no longer be eligible for this election.
Certain investments of Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone funds are valued at NAV per share pursuant to the practical expedient. In limited circumstances, Blackstone may determine, based on its own due diligence and investment procedures, that NAV per share does not represent fair value. In such circumstances, Blackstone will estimate the