Returns
Composite returns information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The composite returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of Blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund or composite. An investment in Blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds or composites. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or composites or our other existing and future funds or composites will achieve similar returns.
124
Table of Contents
The following table presents the return information for the Private Credit and Liquid Credit composites:
The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of Blackstone.
Operating Metrics
The following table presents information regarding our Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management:
125
Table of Contents
Multi-Asset Investing
The following table presents the results of operations for our Multi-Asset Investing segment:
Year Ended December 31, 2024 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2023
Segment Distributable Earnings were $507.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, an increase of $192.2 million, compared to $315.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase in Segment Distributable Earnings was attributable to increases of $25.1 million in Fee Related Earnings and $167.1 million in Net Realizations.
Nearly all strategies across our Multi-Asset Investing segment exhibited positive performance in 2024, with significantly less volatility than the broader markets. In particular, the Absolute Return Composite had its nineteenth consecutive quarter of positive performance and best year since 2009, benefiting from performance across strategies, including quantitative, macro and equities. Segment Distributable Earnings in the Multi-Asset Investing segment would likely be negatively impacted, however, by a significant or sustained weak market environment or decline in asset prices, including as a result of concerns over macroeconomic factors. In addition, certain of our strategies are designed to benefit from a high interest rate environment. Declining interest rates may make it more difficult for these Multi-Asset Investing strategies to replicate their positive performance. Conversely, if interest rates remain at sustained high levels for an extended period, certain investors may seek to reallocate capital away from traditional Multi-Asset Investing strategies in favor of fixed income investments. Outperformance by our Multi-Asset Investing segment strategies in a weak market environment has in some cases resulted in such strategies representing an increasing portion of the value of certain investors’ portfolios, which may limit such investors’ ability to allocate additional capital to certain funds in the segment, or