several factors, which may include changes in the size and composition of the pool of Blackstone personnel participating in such Performance Plan in a given year, the performance of our various businesses, new developments in our businesses and product lines, and the named executive officer’s leadership and oversight of the function for which the named executive officer is responsible and such named executive officer’s contributions with respect to our strategic initiatives. In addition, certain of our employees, including our named executive officers, may participate in profit sharing initiatives whereby these individuals may receive allocations of investment income from Blackstone’s firm investments. Our employees, including our named executive officers, may also receive equity awards in our investment advisory clients and/or be allocated securities of such clients that we have received.
(a)
Carried Interest
. Distributions of carried interest in cash (or, in some cases,
in-kind)
to our named executive officers and other employees who participate in our Performance Plans relating to our carry funds depends on the realized proceeds and timing of the cash realizations of the investments owned by the carry funds in which they participate. Our carry fund agreements also set forth specified preconditions to a carried interest distribution, which typically include that there must have been a positive return on the relevant investment and that the fund must be above its carried interest hurdle rate. In addition, as described below, employees or senior managing directors may also be required to have fulfilled specified service requirements to be eligible to receive carried interest distributions. For our carry funds, carried interest distributions for the named executive officer’s participation interests are generally made to the named executive officer following the actual realization of the investment, although a portion of such carried interest is held back by the firm in respect of any future “clawback” obligation related to the fund. In allocating participation interests in the carry pools, we have not historically taken into account or based such allocations on any prior or projected triggering of any “clawback” obligation related to any fund. To the extent any “clawback” obligation were to be triggered for a fund, carried interest previously distributed to a named executive officer would have to be returned to the limited partners of such fund, thereby reducing the named executive officer’s overall compensation for any such year. Moreover, because a carried interest recipient (including Blackstone itself) may have to fund more than its respective share of a “clawback” obligation under the governing documents (generally, up to an additional 67%), the compensation paid to a named executive officer for any given year could be significantly reduced or even negative in the event a “clawback” obligation were to arise.
Participation in carried interest