results of that fund. The amounts and nature of Blackstone’s clawback obligations are described in Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Contingent Obligations (Clawback)” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “ — Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.
Share Repurchase Program
On July 16, 2024, Blackstone’s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $2.0 billion of common stock and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. This authorization replaced Blackstone’s prior $2.0 billion repurchase authorization. Under the repurchase program, repurchases may be made from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual number repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The repurchase program may be changed, suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, Blackstone repurchased 4.0 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $520.4 million. As of December 31, 2024, the amount remaining available for repurchases under the program was $1.8 billion.
Dividends
Our intention is to pay to holders of common stock a quarterly dividend representing approximately 85% of Blackstone Inc.’s share of Distributable Earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by our board of directors to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of our business, to make appropriate investments in our business and funds, to comply with applicable law, any of our debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as
tax-related
payments, clawback obligations and dividends to stockholders for any ensuing quarter. The dividend amount could also be adjusted upward in any one quarter.
For Blackstone’s definition of Distributable Earnings, see “—Key Financial Measures and Indicators.”
All of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors, and our board of directors may change our dividend policy at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce such quarterly dividends or even to eliminate such dividends entirely.
Because
the publicly traded entity and/or its wholly owned subsidiaries must pay taxes and make payments under the tax receivable agreements, the amounts ultimately paid as dividends by Blackstone to common stockholders in respect of each fiscal year are generally expected to be less, on a per share or per unit basis, than the amounts distributed by the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to the Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships in respect of their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.
Dividends are treated as qualified dividends to the extent of Blackstone’s