required
5
Table of Contents
redemptions are limited in quantum, such as interval funds or in certain insurance-dedicated vehicles. Investment advisory agreements related to certain SMAs in our Credit & Insurance and Multi-Asset Investing segments, excluding SMAs in our insurance platform, may generally be terminated by an investor on 15 to 95 days’ notice. SMAs in our insurance platform can generally only be terminated for long-term underperformance, cause and certain other limited circumstances, in each case subject to Blackstone’s right to cure.
This report does not constitute an offer of any Blackstone Fund.
6
Table of Contents
Part I.
Overview
Blackstone is the world’s largest alternative asset manager. We seek to deliver compelling returns for institutional and individual investors by strengthening the companies and assets in which we invest. Our more than $1.1 trillion in Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2024 include global investment strategies focused on real estate, private equity, infrastructure, life sciences, growth equity, credit, real assets, secondaries and hedge funds.
Our businesses use a solutions-oriented approach to drive better performance. We believe our scale, diversified business, long record of investment performance, rigorous investment process and strong client relationships position us to continue to perform well in a variety of market conditions, expand our assets under management, and innovate.
We invest across asset classes on behalf of our investors, including pension funds, insurance companies and individual investors. Our mission is to fulfill our fiduciary duty by creating long-term value for our investors. We aim to do this by strengthening the companies, real estate assets and other investments in our portfolio, equipping them to thrive in the global economy. To the extent our funds perform well, we can support a better retirement for tens of millions of pensioners, including teachers, nurses and firefighters.
As of December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 4,895 people, including our 254 senior managing directors, at our headquarters in New York and around the world. Our employees are integral to Blackstone’s culture of integrity, professionalism and excellence. We believe hiring, training and retaining talented individuals, coupled with our rigorous investment process, has supported our excellent investment record over many years. This record, in turn, has enabled us to innovate into new strategies, drive growth and better serve our investors.
Business Segments
Our four business segments are: (a) Real Estate, (b) Private Equity, (c) Credit & Insurance and (d) Multi-Asset Investing. Information about our business segments should be read together with “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” For more information concerning the revenues and fees we derive from our business segments, see “—Fee Structure/Incentive Arrangements.”