with our board of directors management succession planning and development and other key aspects of our talent management strategy.
Employee and Community Engagement
Blackstone is committed to ensuring our employees are engaged with their work and with their local communities. Blackstone regularly gathers feedback from our employees via internal and/or external surveys to assess employee engagement and satisfaction and develop targeted solutions. Blackstone also supports its employee resource groups in their efforts to expand cultural awareness and connection across the firm.
In addition, the Blackstone Charitable Foundation (“BXCF”) was established in 2007 and is committed to supporting Blackstone’s goal of helping foster economic opportunity and career mobility. This includes, among other initiatives, its signature Blackstone LaunchPad network, which seeks to close the opportunity gap by equipping college and university students with the entrepreneurial skills they need to build lasting careers, and BX Connects, a global program that provides Blackstone employees with the opportunity to support their local communities through volunteering and giving. BX Connects uses the firm’s scale, talent and resources to make grants, develop nonprofit partnerships and create employee engagement opportunities. Nearly 90% of our employees engaged globally with BXCF’s charitable initiatives in 2024.
17
Table of Contents
Talent Acquisition, Development and Retention
We believe the talent of our employees, coupled with our rigorous investment process, has supported our excellent investment record over many years. We hire qualified people, train them and encourage them to work together to provide their best thinking to the firm for the benefit of the investors in the funds we manage. Across all our businesses, we face intense competition for qualified personnel.
We seek to attract and retain the brightest minds across a wide spectrum of disciplines and from varied backgrounds and experiences. We believe our reputation, talent development opportunities and compensation make us an attractive employer. We encourage independent thinking and reward initiative while providing training and development opportunities to help our employees grow professionally. In addition, our Respect at Work programs and trainings help maintain an inclusive work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Employee education and training are also critical to maintaining a culture of compliance.
Blackstone offers a wide range of learning and professional development opportunities, both formally and informally, to help employees advance their careers and maximize the value they can add to the global firm. Incoming analyst classes are provided with training that spans their first few years. In addition, our new hires are provided with training and other opportunities to help them thrive in our culture, including through our Culture Program and our Leadership