subject to rate regulations by government entities that determine or limit prices that may be charged. Similarly, users of applicable services or government entities in response to such users may react negatively to any adjustments in rates and thus reduce the profitability of such infrastructure investments.
67
Table of Contents
Our funds’ investments in the life sciences industry may expose us to increased risks.
Investments by BXLS may expose us to increased risks. For example,
68
Table of Contents
Our funds may be forced to dispose of investments at a disadvantageous time.
Our funds may make investments of which they do not advantageously dispose of prior to the date the applicable fund is dissolved, either by expiration of such fund’s term or otherwise. Although we generally expect that our funds will dispose of investments prior to dissolution or that investments will be suitable for
in-kind
distribution at dissolution, we may not be able to do so. The general partners of our funds have only a limited ability to extend the term of the fund with the consent of fund investors or the advisory board of the fund, as applicable, and therefore, we may be required to sell, distribute or otherwise dispose of investments at a disadvantageous time prior to dissolution. This would result in a lower than expected return on the investments and, perhaps, on the fund itself.
Hedge fund investments are subject to numerous additional risks.
Investments by our funds of hedge funds in other hedge funds, as well as investments by our
credit-focused,
real estate debt and other hedge funds and similar products, are subject to numerous additional risks, including the following:
69
Table of Contents
70
Table of Contents
We are reliant on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business, and are subject to risks in using prime brokers, custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents.
We are reliant on other
third-party
service providers for certain technology platforms that facilitate the continued operation of our business, including
cloud-based
services. We generally have less control over the delivery of such
third-party
services, and as a result, may face disruptions to our ability to operate our business as a result of interruptions of such services. A prolonged global failure of cloud services provided to us could result in cascading systems failures. In addition, we may not be able to adapt our information systems and technology to accommodate our growth, or the cost of maintaining such systems may increase materially from its current level, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
Many of our funds depend on the services of prime brokers, custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents, including to carry out certain securities and derivatives transactions. The terms of these contracts are often customized and complex, and many of these arrangements occur in markets or relate to products that are subject to