operations outside the United States, in particular in those jurisdictions that do not have comparable levels of protection of proprietary information and assets such as intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets,
know-
36
Table of Contents
how and customer information and records. In addition, we and our funds’ portfolio companies may be required to compromise protections or forego rights to technology, data and intellectual property in order to operate in or access markets in a foreign jurisdiction. Any such direct or indirect compromise of these assets could have a material adverse impact on us and our funds’ portfolio companies.
Rapidly developing and changing global data security and privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage.
We and our funds’ portfolio companies are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, storage, transmission and other processing of personal data. This personal data is wide ranging and relates to our investors, employees, contractors and other counterparties and third parties. Any inability, or perceived inability, by us to adequately address privacy concerns, or comply with applicable privacy laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, or related contractual obligations, even if unfounded, could result in regulatory and
third-party
liability, increased costs, disruptions to business and operations, and reputational damage. Furthermore, any such inability or perceived inability of our funds’ portfolio companies, even if unfounded, could result in reputational damage to us.
Data security and privacy compliance obligations to which we are subject impose compliance costs on us, which could increase significantly as laws and regulations evolve globally. Our compliance obligations include those relating to U.S. laws and regulations, including, without limitation, state regulations such as the CPRA, which provides for enhanced consumer protections for California residents, a private right of action for data breaches and statutory fines and damages for data breaches or other California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) violations, as well as a requirement of “reasonable” cybersecurity. At the U.S. federal level, the SEC has adopted amendments to Regulation
S-P
that will take effect in 2025. These amendments impose operationally challenging notification requirements and deadlines and obligations to implement written policies and procedures to govern oversight of service providers that will likely increase associated compliance costs.
Our compliance obligations also include those relating to foreign data collection and privacy laws, including, for example, the GDPR and U.K. Data Protection Act, as well as laws in many other jurisdictions globally, including Switzerland, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, India, China, Australia, Canada and Brazil. Global laws in this area are rapidly increasing in the scale and depth of their