liquidity adequacy requirements for certain of our entities licensed under MiFID, as well as remuneration requirements of certain senior staff. Additional regulation around remuneration may make it harder for us to attract and retain talent, compared to competitors not subject to the same rules. Enhanced internal governance, disclosure and reporting requirements increase the costs of compliance.
Certain regulatory requirements in the EU and U.K. intended to enhance protection for retail investors and impose additional obligations on the distribution of certain products to retail investors may lead to increased costs and limit our ability to access capital from retail investors in certain jurisdictions. These include EU and U.K. rules requiring that retail investors in packaged retail investment and insurance products receive key information documents and U.K. rules enhancing duties related to distribution of financial products to retail investors. Furthermore, in May 2023, the European Commission announced its Retail Investment Strategy, which could result in new regulation that could impact our ability to offer our funds to retail investors in the EU. Data protection authorities have significant audit and investigatory powers to probe how personal data is being used and processed and breaches of these regulations can lead to significant fines, regulatory action and reputational risk. See “—
48
Table of Contents
Rapidly developing and changing global data security and privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage.” European regulators, including the U.K. FCA and CSSF in Luxembourg are increasing their attention on greenwashing and rapidly developing and implementing regimes focused on sustainability within the financial services sector, which could adversely affect our business and the operations of our funds’ portfolio companies in various ways. See “— Climate change, climate and
sustainability-related
regulation and sustainability concerns could adversely affect our business and the operations of our funds’ portfolio companies, and any actions we take or fail to take in response to such matters could damage our reputation.”
Laws and regulations on foreign direct investment applicable to us and our funds’ portfolio companies, both within and outside the U.S., may make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain jurisdictions or to sell assets to certain buyers.
A number of jurisdictions, including the U.S., have restrictions on foreign direct investment pursuant to which their respective heads of state and/or regulatory bodies have the authority to block or impose conditions with respect to certain transactions, such as investments, acquisitions and divestitures, if such transaction threatens to impair national security. In addition, many jurisdictions restrict foreign investment in assets important to national security by taking steps including, but not limited