Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
As of March 31, 2025, the following are the major filing jurisdictions and their respective earliest open tax period subject to examination:
Earnings Per Share
Basic and diluted net income per share of common stock for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 was calculated as follows:
In computing the dilutive effect that the exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units would have on Net Income Per Share of Common Stock, Blackstone considered that net income available to holders of shares of common stock would increase due to the elimination of non-controlling interests in Blackstone Holdings, inclusive of any tax impact. The hypothetical conversion may be dilutive to the extent there is activity at the Blackstone Inc. level that has not previously been attributed to the non-controlling interests or if there is a change in tax rate as a result of a hypothetical conversion.
The following table summarizes the anti-dilutive securities for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
43
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Share Repurchase Program
On July 16, 2024, Blackstone’s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $
2.0
billion of common stock and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. This authorization replaced Blackstone’s prior $2.0 billion repurchase authorization. Under the repurchase program, repurchases may be made from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual numbers repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The repurchase program may be changed, suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, Blackstone repurchased
0.2
million shares of common stock at a total cost of $
31.0
million. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, Blackstone repurchased
0.7
million shares of common stock at a total cost of $
88.4
million. As of March 31, 2025, the amount remaining available for repurchases under the program was $
1.8
billion.
Shares Eligible for Dividends and Distributions
As of March 31, 2025, the total shares of common stock and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units entitled to participate in dividends and distributions were as follows:
Blackstone has granted equity-based compensation awards to Blackstone’s senior managing directors, non-partner professionals, non-professionals and selected external advisers under Blackstone’s Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Equity Plan”). The Equity Plan allows for the granting of options, share