founder,
Stephen A. Schwarzman, our President, Jonathan D. Gray, and other key senior managing directors and personnel, the information and deal flow they generate during the normal course of their activities and the synergies among the diverse fields of expertise and knowledge held by our professionals. Accordingly, our success will depend on the continued service of these individuals, who are not obligated to remain employed with us. Several key personnel have left the firm in the past and others may do so in the future, and we cannot predict the impact that the departure of any key personnel will have on our ability to achieve our investment objectives. For example, the governing agreements of many of our funds generally provide investors with the ability to terminate the investment period in the event that certain “key persons” in the fund do not meet the specified time commitment to the fund or our firm ceases to control the general partner. The loss of the services of any key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, net income and cash flows and could harm our ability to maintain or grow assets under management in existing funds or raise additional funds in the future. Our senior managing directors and other key personnel possess substantial experience and expertise and have strong business relationships with our investors and other members of the business community. As a result, the loss of these personnel could jeopardize our relationships with such parties and result in the reduction of assets under management or fewer investment opportunities.
We have historically relied in part on the interests of these professionals in the investment funds’ carried interest and incentive fees to discourage them from leaving the firm. However, to the extent our investment funds perform poorly, thereby reducing the potential for carried interest and incentive fees, their interests in carried interest and incentive fees become less valuable to them and become less effective as incentives for them to continue to be employed at Blackstone. We might not be able to provide future key personnel with interests in our business to the same extent or with the same tax consequences from which our existing personnel previously benefited. For example, U.S. federal income tax law currently imposes a
three-year
holding period requirement for carried interest to be treated as
long-term
capital gains. The holding period requirement may result in some of the carried interest received by such individuals being treated as ordinary income, which would materially increase the amount of taxes that such key personnel would be required to pay. The tax treatment of carried interest continues to be an area of focus for policymakers and government officials. The current U.S. Presidential administration’s stated tax priorities include changes to the tax treatment of carried interest that, if implemented, would materially increase the amount of taxes many of