effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
The due diligence process that we undertake in connection with investments by our funds may not reveal all facts and issues that may be relevant in connection with an investment.
When evaluating a potential business or asset for investment, we conduct due diligence that we deem reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to such investment. When conducting due diligence, we may be required to evaluate important and complex issues, including but not limited to those related to business, financial, credit risk, tax, accounting, sustainability, legal and regulatory and macroeconomic trends. With respect to sustainability, the nature and scope of our diligence will vary based on the investment, but may include a review of, among other things: energy management, air and water pollution, land contamination, human capital management, human rights, employee health and safety, accounting standards and bribery and corruption. Selecting and evaluating such factors is subjective by nature, and there is no guarantee that the criteria utilized or judgment exercised by Blackstone or a
third-party
specialist (if any) will reflect the policies or preferred practices of any particular investor or align with the practices of other asset managers or with market trends. The materiality of various risks and impact of such risks on an individual potential investment or portfolio as a whole depend on many factors, including the relevant industry, geography and asset class and the nature of the investment. Outside consultants, legal advisers, accountants and investment banks may be involved in the due
58
Table of Contents
diligence process in varying degrees depending on the type of investment. The due diligence investigation that we will carry out with respect to any investment opportunity may not reveal or highlight all relevant facts (including fraud) or risks that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity and we may not identify or foresee future developments that could have a material adverse effect on an investment, including, for example, potential factors, such as technological disruption of a specific company or asset, or an entire industry.
Further, some matters covered by our diligence, such as sustainability, are continuously evolving and we may not accurately or fully anticipate such evolution. The framework we may use to evaluate certain diligence considerations may not represent a universally recognized standard for assessing such considerations. For example, AIFMD requires us to identify, measure, manage and monitor sustainability risks relevant to the funds managed by our EU AIFMs and take into account sustainability risks when performing investment due diligence. Such requirements may make our funds less attractive to investors, and any
non-compliance
with such requirements may subject us to regulatory action. In addition,