during 2024, $30,000 of which was paid in cash and the remainder of which was paid in the form of deferred restricted common stock units equivalent in value to $10,000 and with the same vesting terms as the other deferred restricted common stock units. The amounts of our
non-employee
directors’ compensation were approved by our board of directors upon the recommendation of our founder following his review of directors’ compensation paid by comparable companies.
253
Table of Contents
The following table provides the director compensation for our directors for 2024:
The following table provides information regarding outstanding unvested equity awards made to our directors as of December 31, 2024:
254
Table of Contents
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units as of February 21, 2025 by:
The amounts and percentage of common stock and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the rules of the SEC, a person is deemed to be a “beneficial owner” of a security if that person has or shares “voting power,” which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or “investment power,” which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days of February 21, 2025. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed a beneficial owner of securities as to which he has no economic interest. Except as indicated by footnote, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all securities shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where applicable. Unless otherwise included, for purposes of this table, the principal business address for each such person is c/o Blackstone Inc., 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154.
255
Table of Contents
256
Table of Contents
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans
The table set forth below provides information concerning the awards that may be issued under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2024:
257
Table of Contents
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Tax Receivable Agreements
We used a portion of the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of
non-voting
common units to Beijing Wonderful Investments to purchase interests in the predecessor businesses from the predecessor owners. In addition, holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (other than Blackstone Inc.’s wholly