personnel to cash distributions. See “Part III. Item 11. Executive Compensation – Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Overview of Compensation Philosophy and Program” for more information on compensation of our senior managing directors and certain other employees.
We care greatly about the health, safety and wellbeing of our employees. Blackstone also offers comprehensive and competitive benefits to its full-time employees, including, without limitation, primary and secondary caregiver leave, adoption leave, fertility coverage and back up childcare. In addition, we offer additional family planning benefits for employees such as infertility benefits, including cryopreservation and primary caregiver leave for a minimum of 21 weeks. We offer employee well-being programs that provide information, tools and resources, including connections to immediate support, community referrals and counseling. We have partnered with various platforms to provide
on-demand
emotional and mental health support and personalized support and resources for employees and their families throughout all stages of life.
Data Privacy and Security
Blackstone is committed to data privacy. We provide data privacy training at onboarding to new employees and at least annually to existing employees. Data privacy is typically addressed in the Global Head of Compliance’s annual update to our board of directors. Blackstone’s approach to data privacy is set out in our Online Privacy Notice and Investor Data Privacy Notice. Our privacy function, which involves conducting privacy impact assessments, implementing
privacy-by-design
initiatives and reconciling global privacy programs with local privacy requirements, is led by our Data and Policy Strategy Officer and overseen by the Data Protection Operating Committee, Blackstone’s global privacy compliance steering committee. Please see “—Item 1C. Cybersecurity” for a discussion of our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance.
Regulatory and Compliance Matters
Our businesses, as well as the financial services industry generally, are subject to extensive regulation in the United States and in many of the markets in which we operate.
Our business is subject to compliance with laws and regulations of U.S. federal and state governments,
non-U.S.
governments, their respective agencies and/or various self-regulatory organizations or exchanges. The SEC and various self-regulatory organizations, state securities regulators and international securities regulators have in recent years increased their regulatory activities, including regulation, examination and enforcement in respect of asset management firms, including Blackstone. Any failure to comply with these regulations could expose us to liability and/or damage our reputation. Our businesses have operated for many years within a legal framework that requires us to monitor and comply with a broad range of legal and regulatory developments that affect our activities. However,