from the translation of non-U.S. dollar denominated operations are recorded in Other Comprehensive Income and allocated to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities and Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings, as applicable.
Comprehensive Income
Comprehensive Income consists of Net Income and Other Comprehensive Income. Blackstone’s Other Comprehensive Income is comprised of foreign currency cumulative translation adjustments.
Compensation and Benefits
Compensation and Benefits
—
Compensation
— Compensation consists of (a) salary and bonus, and benefits paid and payable to employees and senior managing directors and (b) equity-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to employees and senior managing directors. Compensation cost relating to the issuance of equity-based awards to senior managing directors and employees is measured at fair value at the grant date, and expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line basis, taking into consideration expected forfeitures, except in the case of (a) equity-based awards that do not require future service, which are expensed immediately, and (b) certain awards to recipients that meet criteria making them eligible for retirement (allowing such recipient to keep a percentage of those awards upon departure from Blackstone after becoming eligible for retirement), for which the expense for the portion of the award that would be retained in the event of retirement is either expensed immediately or amortized to the retirement date. Cash settled equity-based awards and awards settled in a variable number of shares are classified as liabilities and are remeasured at the end of each reporting period.
Compensation and Benefits — Incentive Fee Compensation —
Incentive Fee Compensation consists of compensation paid based on Incentive Fees.
174
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Compensation and Benefits — Performance Allocations Compensation —
Performance Allocation Compensation consists of compensation paid based on Performance Allocations (which may be distributed in cash or
in-kind).
Such compensation expense is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. Performance Allocations Compensation is generally based on the performance of individual investments held by a fund rather than on a fund by fund basis. These amounts may also include allocations of investment income from Blackstone’s principal investments, to senior managing directors and employees participating in certain profit sharing initiatives.
Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities
Non-Controlling
Interests in Consolidated Entities represent the component of Equity in general partner entities and consolidated Blackstone Funds held by third-party investors and employees. The percentage interests in consolidated Blackstone Funds held by third parties and