inputs.
17
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
The valuation techniques used to value financial instruments classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:
Level III Valuation Techniques
In the absence of observable market prices, Blackstone values its investments using valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis. For some investments little market activity may exist; management’s determination of fair value is then based on the best information available in the circumstances, and may incorporate management’s own assumptions and involves a significant degree of judgment, taking into consideration a combination of internal and external factors, including the appropriate risk adjustments for non-performance and liquidity risks. Investments for which market prices are not observable include private investments in the equity of operating companies, real estate properties and investments in non-consolidated CLO vehicles.
Real Estate Investments
– The fair values of real estate investments are determined by considering projected operating cash flows, sales of comparable assets, if any, and replacement costs, among other measures and considerations. The methods used to estimate the fair value of real estate investments include the discounted cash flow method, where value is calculated by discounting the estimated cash flows and the estimated terminal value of the subject investment by the assumed buyer’s weighted-average cost of capital. A terminal value is derived by reference to an exit multiple, such as for estimates of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”), or a capitalization rate, such as for estimates of net operating income (“NOI”). Valuations may also be derived by the performance multiple or market approach, by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or assets (for example, dividing NOI by a relevant capitalization rate observed for comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables.
Private Equity Investments
– The fair values of private equity investments are determined by reference to projected net earnings, EBITDA, public market or private transactions, valuations for comparable companies and other measures which, in many cases, are based on unaudited information at the time received. The methods used to estimate the fair value of private equity investments include the discounted cash flow method. Where a discounted cash flow method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to EBITDA or price/earnings exit multiples. Valuations may also be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or transactions (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee