Finley
is Chief Legal Officer of Blackstone and a member of the firm’s Management Committee. Before joining Blackstone in September 2010, Mr. Finley had been a partner with Simpson Thacher & Bartlett where he was a member of that law firm’s Executive Committee and
Co-Head
of Global Mergers & Acquisitions. Mr. Finley is an Adviser on the American Law Institute’s Restatement of the Law, Corporate Governance project and a member of the Dean’s Advisory Board of Harvard Law School, Gettysburg Foundation, and Board of Advisors of the Penn Institute for Law and Economics. Mr. Finley previously served as a director at Tradeweb. He has served on the U.S. Advisory Council on Historic Preservation, the Committee of Securities Regulation of the New York State Bar Association and the Board of Advisors of the Knight-Bagehot Fellowship in Economics and Business Journalism at Columbia University. Mr. Finley received a BS in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, a BA in History from the College of Arts and Sciences of the University of Pennsylvania, and a JD from Harvard Law School.
231
Table of Contents
Vikrant Sawhney
is Blackstone’s Chief Administrative Officer and Global Head of Institutional Client Solutions and a member of the firm’s Management Committee. Mr. Sawhney has served as Blackstone’s Chief Administrative Officer and Global Head of Institutional Client Services since September 2019. Since joining Blackstone in 2007, Mr. Sawhney started Blackstone Capital Markets and also served as the Chief Operating Officer of the Private Equity group. Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Sawhney worked as a Managing Director at Deutsche Bank, and prior to that at the law firm of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett. Mr. Sawhney currently sits on the Board of the Blackstone Charitable Foundation. He is also the chair of the board of directors of Dream, an east Harlem-based educational and social services organization, and a Trustee of Quinnipiac University. He graduated magna cum laude from Dartmouth College, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. He received a JD, cum laude, from Harvard Law School.
Joseph P. Baratta
is Global Head of Private Equity Strategies at Blackstone and a member of the board of directors. Mr. Baratta joined the board of directors in March 2020 and has served as Blackstone’s Global Head of Private Equity since July 2012. He also sits on the firm’s Management Committee. Mr. Baratta joined Blackstone in 1998, and in 2001 he moved to London to help establish Blackstone’s corporate private equity business in Europe. Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Baratta was with Tinicum Incorporated and McCown De Leeuw & Company. Mr. Baratta also worked at Morgan Stanley in its mergers and acquisitions department. Mr. Baratta has served on the boards of a number of Blackstone portfolio companies and currently serves as a member or observer on the boards of directors of First Eagle Investment Management, Refinitiv, SESAC, Ancestry, Candle Media