financial performance of Blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund or composite. An investment in Blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds or composites. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or composites or our other existing and future funds or composites will achieve similar returns.
The following table presents the return information for the Private Credit and Liquid Credit composites:
The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of Blackstone.
Operating Metrics
The following table presents information regarding our Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management:
103
Table of Contents
Multi-Asset Investing
The following table presents the results of operations for our Multi-Asset Investing segment:
n/m Not meaningful.
Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Compared to Three Months Ended March 31, 2024
Segment Distributable Earnings were $55.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, an increase of $4.8 million, compared to $50.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024. The increase in Segment Distributable Earnings was attributable to increases of $3.3 million in Fee Related Earnings and $1.5 million in Net Realizations.
Most strategies across our Multi-Asset Investing segment exhibited positive performance in the first quarter of 2025, with significantly less volatility than the broader markets. In particular, the Absolute Return Composite had its twentieth consecutive quarter of positive performance, benefiting from performance across strategies, including quantitative, macro and credit. Recently announced tariffs in the U.S., however, have contributed to significant and ongoing uncertainty and volatility of markets. There is significant uncertainty as to the outcome of ongoing global trade negotiations, the extent of retaliatory measures taken by other countries and the ultimate impact on the U.S. and global economies. Segment Distributable Earnings in the Multi-Asset Investing segment would likely be negatively impacted by a significant or sustained weak market environment or decline in asset prices, including as a result of concerns over trade policy. Nevertheless, certain strategies in our Multi-Asset Strategy segment are designed to capitalize on periods of market volatility, which may mitigate the potential impact of such volatility.
104
Table of Contents
In addition, certain of our strategies are designed to benefit from a high-interest rate environment. Declining interest rates may make it more difficult for these Multi-Asset Investing strategies to replicate their positive performance. Conversely, if interest rates remain at sustained high levels for an extended period, certain investors may seek to reallocate capital away from traditional Multi-Asset Investing strategies in favor of fixed income investments. Outperformance by our Multi-Asset Investing segment strategies in a weak market