as applicable, (b) to the extent there is sufficient new capital, or (c) where such required redemptions are limited in quantum, such as interval funds or in certain insurance-dedicated vehicles. Perpetual Capital includes
co-investment
capital with an investor right to convert into Perpetual Capital. We believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it represents capital we manage that has a longer duration and the ability to generate recurring revenues in a different manner than traditional fund structures.
Dry Powder
Dry Powder represents the amount of capital available for investment or reinvestment, including general partner and employee capital, and is an indicator of the capital we have available for future investments. We believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides insight into the extent to which capital is available for Blackstone to deploy capital into investment opportunities as they arise.
92
Table of Contents
Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management
Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management represents invested capital at fair value on which performance revenues could be earned if certain hurdles are met. We believe Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management is useful to stockholders as it provides insight into the capital deployed that has the potential to generate performance revenues.
Consolidated Results of Operations
Following is a discussion of our consolidated results of operations. For a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected the results of our four business segments (which are presented on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds, eliminates
non-controlling
ownership interests in Blackstone’s consolidated operating partnerships and removes the amortization of intangibles assets and Transaction-Related and
Non-Recurring
Items) in these periods, see “— Segment Analysis” below.
93
Table of Contents
The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations and certain key operating metrics for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
n/m Not meaningful.
94
Table of Contents
Year Ended December 31, 2024 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2023
Revenues
Revenues were $13.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024, an increase of $5.2 billion, compared to $8.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase in Revenues was primarily attributable to an increase of $4.3 billion in Investment Income, which was composed of increases of $3.0 billion in Unrealized Investment Income and $1.3 billion in Realized Investment Income.
The $3.0 billion increase in Unrealized Investment Income was primarily attributable to net unrealized appreciation of investments in the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. Principal drivers were:
The $1.3 billion increase in Realized Investment Income was primarily attributable to higher realized gains in our Private Equity segment.