provided certain security services, which may include home security systems and monitoring, and personal and related security services. These security services are provided for our benefit, and we consider the related expenses to be appropriate business expenses rather than personal benefits for Mr. Schwarzman. Nevertheless, the expenses associated with these security services are reflected in the “All Other Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table below to the extent the aggregate amount of all perquisites or other personal benefits received exceeded $10,000.
Determination of Incentive Compensation
Mr. Schwarzman reserves final approval of each named executive officer’s compensation, other than his own, and receives recommendations from Mr. Gray on such compensation determinations (other than with respect to Mr. Gray’s own compensation). Mr. Schwarzman’s compensation has been established pursuant to the terms of his amended and restated founding member agreement, which is described below under “Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2024 — Schwarzman Founding Member Agreement.” For 2024, these decisions were based primarily on Mr. Schwarzman’s and Mr. Gray’s assessment of such named executive officer’s individual performance, operational performance for the areas of the business for which the named executive officer has responsibility, and the named executive officer’s potential to enhance investment returns for the investors in our funds and service to our investment advisory clients, and to contribute to long-term stockholder value. In evaluating these factors, Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray relied upon their judgment to determine the ultimate amount of a named executive officer’s annual cash bonus payment and participation in carried interest, incentive fees and investment advisory client interests that was necessary to properly induce the named executive officer to seek to achieve our objectives and reward a named executive officer in achieving those objectives over the course of the prior year. Key factors that Mr. Schwarzman considered in making such determination with respect to Mr. Gray were his service as President and Chief Operating Officer, his role in overseeing the growth and operations of the firm, and his leadership on the strategic direction of the firm. Key factors that Messrs. Schwarzman and Gray considered in making such determinations with respect to Mr. Chae were his leadership and oversight of our global finance, treasury, technology and corporate development functions and his role in strategic initiatives undertaken by the firm. Key factors that Messrs. Schwarzman and Gray considered in making such determinations with respect to Mr. Finley were his leadership and oversight of our global legal and compliance functions, his role in positioning the firm to be compliant with and responsive to evolving legal and regulatory requirements applicable to us and our