Performance Allocation to the general partner. In each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the Accrued Performance Allocation on cumulative results compared to the Accrued Performance Allocation recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. Blackstone ceases to record negative Performance Allocations once previously Accrued Performance Allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. Blackstone is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative Performance Allocations over the life of a fund. Accrued Performance Allocations as of the reporting date are reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.
Performance Allocations in carry fund structures are realized when an underlying investment is profitably disposed of and the fund’s cumulative returns are in excess of the preferred return or, in limited instances, after certain thresholds for return of capital are met. Performance Allocations in carry fund structures are subject to clawback to the extent that the Performance Allocation received to date exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results. As such, the accrual for potential repayment of previously received Performance Allocations, which is a component of Due to Affiliates, represents all amounts previously distributed to Blackstone Holdings and
non-controlling
interest holders that would need to be repaid to the Blackstone carry funds if the Blackstone carry funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying funds’ investments as of the reporting date. The actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain funds, which may have an interim clawback liability. Performance Allocations in open-ended structures are realized based on the stated time period in the agreements and are generally not subject to clawback once paid.
Principal Investments include the unrealized and realized gains and losses on Blackstone’s principal investments, including its investments in Blackstone Funds that are not consolidated and receive pro-rata allocations, its equity method investments, and other principal investments. Income (Loss) on Principal Investments is realized when Blackstone redeems all or a portion of its investment or when Blackstone receives cash income, such as dividends or distributions. Unrealized Income (Loss) on Principal Investments results from changes in the fair value of the underlying investment as well as the reversal of unrealized gain (loss) at the time an investment is realized.
Interest and Dividend Revenue
— Interest and Dividend Revenue comprises primarily interest and dividend income earned on principal investments not accounted for under the equity method held by Blackstone.
168
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and