“Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “ — Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.
Principles of Consolidation
For a description of our accounting policy on consolidation, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Consolidation” and Note 8. “Variable Interest Entities” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “ — Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for detailed information on Blackstone’s involvement with VIEs. The following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of consolidation principles impact our financial results, and management’s process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.
The determination that Blackstone holds a controlling financial interest in a Blackstone Fund or investment vehicle significantly changes the presentation of our consolidated financial statements. In our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position included in this filing, we present 100% of the assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs along with a
non-controlling
interest which represents the portion of the consolidated vehicle’s interests held by third parties. However, assets of our consolidated VIEs can only be used to settle obligations of the consolidated VIE and are not available for general use by Blackstone. Further, the liabilities of our consolidated VIEs do not have recourse to the general credit of Blackstone. In the Consolidated Statements of Operations, we eliminate any management fees, Incentive Fees, or Performance Allocations received or accrued from consolidated VIEs as they are considered intercompany transactions. We recognize 100% of the consolidated VIE’s investment income (loss) and allocate the portion of that income (loss) attributable to third-party ownership to
non-controlling
interests in arriving at Net Income Attributable to Blackstone Inc.
The assessment of whether we consolidate a Blackstone Fund or investment vehicle we manage requires the application of significant judgment. These judgments are applied both at the time we become involved with the VIE and on an ongoing basis and include, but are not limited to:
143
Table of Contents
Revenue Recognition
For a description of our accounting policy on revenue recognition, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Revenue Recognition” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “ — Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” For an additional description of the nature of our revenue arrangements, including how management fees, Incentive Fees, and Performance Allocations are generated, please refer to “Part I. Item 1. Business — Fee Structure/Incentive Arrangements.” The following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of revenue recognition principles impact our financial results, and