and
non-solicitation
agreement with our founder, our other senior managing directors, and most of our other professional employees and specified senior administrative personnel. Senior managing directors and other personnel who joined the firm after our initial public offering have also executed similar restrictive covenant agreements, with the agreements covering
non-senior
managing directors being subject to certain variations from the terms described below based on their respective positions and local law limitations. The following are descriptions of the material terms of the agreements covering senior managing directors. With the exception of the differences noted in the description below, the terms of each
non-competition
and
non-solicitation
agreement covering senior managing directors are generally in relevant part similar.
Full-Time Commitment
. Each senior managing director agrees to devote substantially all of their business time, skill, energies and attention to responsibilities at Blackstone in a diligent manner. Mr. Schwarzman has agreed that our business will be his principal business pursuit and that he will devote such time and attention to the business of the firm as may be reasonably requested by us.
251
Table of Contents
Confidentiality
. Each senior managing director is required, whether during or after employment with us, to protect and use “confidential information” in accordance with strict restrictions placed by us on its use and disclosure. Every employee is subject to similar strict confidentiality obligations imposed by our Code of Conduct applicable to all Blackstone personnel.
Notice of Termination
. Each senior managing director is required to give us prior written notice of the intention to leave our employ — six months in the case of Mr. Schwarzman and 90 days for all of our other senior managing directors. In certain jurisdictions, the notice period as described in the preceding sentence is lengthened to include the potential garden leave period described below, in which case such notice and garden leave periods run concurrently.
Garden Leave
. Generally, upon voluntary departure from the firm, Blackstone has the right, but not the obligation, to place the senior managing director on a
90-day
period of “garden leave.” During this period the senior managing director will continue to receive base compensation and benefits but is prohibited from commencing employment with a new employer until the garden leave period has expired. The period of garden leave for each senior managing director will run concurrently with the
non-competition
Restricted Period that applies as described below and, as noted above, may also run concurrently with the notice period in certain jurisdictions. Mr. Schwarzman is subject to
non-competition
covenants but not garden leave requirements.
Non-Competition
. During the term of employment of each senior managing director, and during the Restricted Period (as such term is defined below)