directors and senior management. If, following such interview and any consultations with directors and senior management, Mr. Schwarzman believes a candidate would be a valuable addition to the board of directors, he will appoint that individual to the board of directors.
When considering whether the members of the board of directors have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, taken as a whole, to enable the board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of Blackstone’s business and structure, Mr. Schwarzman focused on the information described in each of the board members’ biographical information set forth above. In particular, with regard to Mr. Breyer, Mr. Schwarzman considered his extensive financial background and significant investment experience at Breyer Capital and Accel Partners. With regard to Mr. Brown, Mr. Schwarzman considered his distinguished career in public service and experience advising large institutions and prominent figures in the private and public sector. With regard to Ms. Lazarus, Mr. Schwarzman considered her extensive business background and her management experience in a variety of senior leadership roles at Ogilvy & Mather. With regard to Mr. Parrett, Mr. Schwarzman considered his significant experience, expertise and background with regard to auditing and accounting matters, his leadership role at Deloitte and his extensive experience serving as a director on boards of directors. With regard to Ms. Porat, Mr. Schwarzman considered her extensive experience in the financial industry and her leadership roles with Alphabet, Google and Morgan Stanley. With regard to Messrs. Gray and Baratta, Mr. Schwarzman considered their leadership and extensive knowledge of our business and operations gained through their years of service at our firm and, with regard to himself, Mr. Schwarzman considered his role as
co-founder
and long-time Chief Executive Officer of our firm.
Controlled Company Exception and Director Independence
Because the Series II Preferred Stockholder holds more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors, we are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of the NYSE. Under these standards, a “controlled company” may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance standards, including the requirements (a) that a majority of its board of directors consist of independent directors, (b) that its board of directors have a compensation committee that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities and (c) that its board of directors have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities. See “Part I. Item 1A Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure — We are a controlled company and as a result