products we offer to
high-net-worth
individuals, family offices and mass affluent investors in the U.S. and other jurisdictions around the world. Specifically, we create investment products designed for investment by individual investors in the U.S., some of whom are not accredited investors, or similar investors in
non-U.S.
jurisdictions, including in some markets in Europe and Asia Pacific. In some cases, our funds are distributed to such investors indirectly through
third-party
managed vehicles sponsored by brokerage firms, private banks or
third-party
feeder providers, and in other cases directly to the clients of private banks, independent investment advisors and brokers.
Accessing individual investors and offering products directed at such investors exposes us to greater levels of risk, including heightened litigation and regulatory enforcement, an increased compliance burden, and more complex administration and accounting operations. We may be subject to claims related to matters such as the adequacy of disclosures, appropriateness of fees, suitability and board of directors’ oversight, each of which could result in civil lawsuits, regulatory penalties and enforcement actions. Our registered investment advisers could also be subject to direct or derivative claims from a fund’s investors or board of directors for alleged mismanagement of the fund. In addition, regulatory requirements imposing limitations on the ability of affiliates of certain of our vehicles to engage in certain transactions may limit our funds’ ability to engage in otherwise attractive investment opportunities.
To the extent distribution of such products is through new channels and markets, including through an increasing number of distributors with whom we engage, we may not be able to effectively monitor or control the manner of their distribution. This could result in litigation or regulatory action against us, including with respect to, among other things, claims that products distributed through such channels are distributed to investors for whom they are unsuitable, claims related to conflicts of interest or the adequacy of disclosure to investors or claims that the products are distributed in a manner inconsistent with our regulatory requirements or otherwise inappropriate manner. In addition, regulation applicable to our arrangements with such distributors and channels increases the compliance burden associated with onboarding new distributors or pursuing new distribution channels, resulting in increased cost and complexity. Although we engage in due diligence and onboarding procedures that seek to uncover issues relating to the
third-party
channels through which individual investors access our investment products, we do not control and have limited information regarding many of these third-party channels. Therefore, we are exposed to the risks of reputational damage, regulatory scrutiny and legal liability to the extent such third parties improperly sell our