termination provisions that make it difficult or costly for the insurer to terminate the agreement.
Non-U.S.
regulators (including in Europe, Asia-Pacific, Bermuda and the Cayman Islands, among others) and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors, an international insurance standard-setting organization comprised of over 200 jurisdictions, have similarly focused on each of these topics.
46
Table of Contents
Regulators have also increasingly focused on the risk profile of certain investments held by insurance companies (including, without limitation, all or certain tranches of collateralized loan obligations and other structured securities), appropriateness of investment ratings and potential conflicts of interest, including affiliated investments, and potential misalignment of incentives and any potential risks from these and other aspects of an insurance company’s relationship with alternative asset managers that may impact the insurance company’s risk profile. This enhanced scrutiny may increase the risk of regulatory actions against us and could result in new or amended regulations that limit our ability, or make it more burdensome or costly, to enter into new investment management agreements with insurance companies and thereby grow our insurance strategy. Some of the arrangements we have or will develop with insurance companies involve complex U.S. and
non-U.S.
tax structures for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Such structures may be subject to potential regulatory, legislative, judicial or administrative change or scrutiny and differing interpretations and any adverse regulatory, legislative, judicial or administrative changes, scrutiny or interpretations may result in substantial costs to insurance companies or us.
Insurance company investment portfolios are often subject to internal and regulatory requirements governing the categories and ratings of investment products and assets they may acquire and hold. Many of the investment products and strategies we originate or develop for, or other assets or investments we include in, insurance company portfolios will be rated and a ratings downgrade or any other negative action by a rating agency or the NAIC’s Securities Valuation Office (“SVO”), as applicable, with respect to such products, assets or investments could make them less attractive and limit our ability to offer such products to, or invest or deploy capital on behalf of, insurers. Furthermore, insurance companies are subject to certain minimum capital and surplus requirements that vary by the jurisdiction where the insurance company is domiciled and are generally subject to change over time (as discussed in more detail below). In the United States, our insurance company clients are subject to
risk-based
capital (“RBC”) standards and other minimum capital and surplus requirements imposed by state laws. The RBC standards are based upon the
Risk-Based
Capital for Insurers Model Act promulgated by