costs and potential regulatory liability related to cybersecurity. In light of the focus of federal regulators on cybersecurity, SEC enforcement activity, including by the SEC’s Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations in its examination programs, has increased in recent years and may increase further. Although we maintain cybersecurity controls designed to prevent cyber incidents from occurring, no security is impenetrable to cyberattacks. It is possible that current and future cyber enforcement activity will target practices that we believe are compliant, but the SEC deems otherwise. See “—Rapidly developing and changing privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws and regulations could further increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage”.
Breaches in our security or in the security of
third-party
service providers, whether malicious in nature or through inadvertent transmittal or other loss of data, could potentially jeopardize our, our employees’ or our fund investors’ or counterparties’ confidential, proprietary and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks. Breaches could also potentially cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our employees’, our fund investors’, our counterparties’ or third parties’ business and operations, which could result in significant financial losses, increased costs, liability to our fund investors and other counterparties, regulatory intervention and reputational damage. Furthermore, if we fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations or fail to provide the appropriate regulatory or other notifications of breach in a timely matter, it could result in regulatory investigations and penalties, which could lead to negative publicity and reputational harm and may cause our fund investors and clients to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures and Blackstone more generally.
Our funds’ portfolio companies also rely on data processing systems and the secure processing, storage and transmission of information, including payment and health information, which in some instances are provided by third parties. A disruption or compromise of these systems could have a material adverse effect on the value of these businesses. Our funds may invest in strategic assets having a national or regional profile or in infrastructure, the nature of which could expose them to a greater risk of being subject to a terrorist attack or a security breach than other assets or businesses. Such an event may have material adverse consequences on our investment or assets of the same type or may require portfolio companies to increase preventative security measures or expand insurance coverage.
Our and our funds’ portfolio companies’ technology platforms, data and intellectual property are also subject to a heightened risk of theft or compromise to the extent we or our funds’ portfolio companies engage in