recognition of his services to philanthropy. Mr. Schwarzman holds a BA from Yale University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. He has served as an adjunct professor at the Yale School of Management and on the Harvard Business School Board of Dean’s Advisors.
Jonathan D. Gray
is President and Chief Operating Officer of Blackstone and has been a member of our board of directors since February 2012. He sits on the firm’s Management Committee and nearly all of its investment committees. Mr. Gray was appointed to his current role in 2018. Mr. Gray previously served as Global Head of Real Estate, helping build that business into the largest commercial real estate platform in the world. He joined Blackstone in 1992 in the M&A and Private Equity areas. Mr. Gray has served as chairman of the board of directors of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. since 2007 and is also on the board of directors of XRG. He previously served on the board of directors of Corebridge Financial. Mr. Gray and his wife, Mindy, established the Basser Center for BRCA at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine in 2012 focused on the prevention and treatment of BRCA-related cancers. They have also established numerous programs for low-income children in New York, including creating NYC Kids RISE, college savings initiative provided to every NYC public school kindergartner. The Grays have been named to The Chronicle of Philanthropy’s list of the largest donors in the U.S. Mr. Gray received a BS in Economics from the Wharton School, as well as a BA in English from the College of Arts and Sciences at the University of Pennsylvania.
Michael S. Chae
is Blackstone’s Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer and a member of the firm’s Management Committee and investment committees across most of the firm’s businesses. Mr. Chae has served as Blackstone’s Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer since January 2025 and August 2015, respectively. He chairs our firmwide valuation and enterprise risk committees. Since joining Blackstone in 1997, Mr. Chae has served in a broad range of leadership roles including Head of International Private Equity, Head of Private Equity for Asia/Pacific, and as a senior partner in the U.S. private equity business, where he led numerous investments and served on the boards of many private and publicly traded portfolio companies. Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Chae worked at The Carlyle Group and Dillon, Read & Co. Mr. Chae received an AB from Harvard College, an MPhil. in International Relations from Cambridge University and a JD from Yale Law School. Mr. Chae serves on the boards of the Harvard Management Company, the Robin Hood Foundation, the Asia Society and St. Bernard’s School. He previously served as the President of the board of trustees of the Lawrenceville School where he remains a trustee emeritus. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and founded the Chae Initiative in Private Sector Leadership at Yale Law School.
John G.