that affect
period-to-period
comparability and are not reflective of Blackstone’s operational performance. Segment Distributable Earnings excludes unrealized activity and is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes. See “—
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures” for our reconciliation of Segment Distributable Earnings.
Net Realizations is presented on a segment basis and is the sum of Realized Principal Investment Income and Realized Performance Revenues (which refers to Realized Performance Revenues excluding Fee Related Performance Revenues), less Realized Performance Compensation (which refers to Realized Performance Compensation excluding Fee Related Performance Compensation and Equity-Based Performance Compensation).
Realized Performance Compensation reflects an increase in the aggregate Realized Performance Compensation paid to certain of our professionals above the amounts allocable to them based upon the percentage participation in the relevant performance plans previously awarded to them. In the year ended December 31, 2024, Realized Performance Compensation increased by an aggregate of $83.1 million and Fee Related Compensation decreased by a corresponding amount. In the year ended December 31, 2023, Realized Performance Compensation increased by an aggregate of $65.0 million and Fee Related Compensation decreased by a corresponding amount. These changes to Realized Performance Compensation and Fee Related Compensation reduced Net Realizations, increased Fee Related Earnings and had a neutral impact to Income Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes and Distributable Earnings in the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.
89
Table of Contents
Fee Related Earnings
Fee Related Earnings is a performance measure used to assess Blackstone’s ability to generate profits from revenues that are measured and received on a recurring basis and not subject to future realization events. Blackstone believes Fee Related Earnings is useful to stockholders as it provides insight into the profitability of the portion of Blackstone’s business that is not dependent on realization activity. Fee Related Earnings equals management and advisory fees (net of management fee reductions and offsets) plus Fee Related Performance Revenues, less (a) Fee Related Compensation on a segment basis and (b) Other Operating Expenses. Fee Related Earnings is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes. See “—
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures” for our reconciliation of Fee Related Earnings.
Fee Related Compensation is presented on a segment basis and refers to the compensation expense, excluding Equity-Based Compensation, directly related to (a) Management and Advisory Fees, Net and (b) Fee Related Performance Revenues, referred to as Fee Related Performance Compensation.