and Merlin Entertainments Group. He is a trustee of the Tate Foundation and serves on the board of Year Up, an organization focused on youth employment. Mr. Baratta graduated magna cum laude from Georgetown University.
James W. Breyer
is a member of our board of directors. Mr. Breyer joined the board of directors in July 2016. Since 2006, Mr. Breyer has been the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Breyer Capital, a premier venture capital firm based in Austin, Texas and Menlo Park, California. Mr. Breyer has been an early investor in over 40 technology companies that have completed successful public offerings or mergers. He served as Partner at Accel Partners from 1990 to 2016 and Managing Partner from 1995 to 2011. Over the past several years, Mr. Breyer has developed a deep personal and investment interest in long-term oriented entrepreneurs and teams working in artificial/augmented intelligence and human-assisted intelligence and has made numerous investments in this space. Mr. Breyer previously served on the board of directors of Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. from 2011 to 2019, Facebook, Inc. from 2005 to 2013, Etsy, Inc. from 2008 to 2016, Dell, Inc. from 2009 to 2013 and
Wal-Mart
Stores, Inc. from 2001 to 2013, as well as a number of other technology companies. Mr. Breyer is currently a member of Harvard Business School’s Board of Dean’s Advisors, a member of Harvard University’s Global Advisory Council, a founding member of the Dean’s Advisory Board of Stanford University’s School of Engineering, Chairman of the Stanford Engineering Venture Fund and founding member of the Stanford Institute for Human-Assisted Artificial Intelligence Advisory Board. In addition, Mr. Breyer is a long-time active volunteer as a Trustee of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the American Film Institute and Stanford’s Center for Philanthropy and Civil Society.
Reginald J. Brown
is a member of the board of directors of Blackstone. Mr. Brown joined the board of directors in September 2020. Since December 2020, Mr. Brown has been a partner in the Washington, D.C. office of Kirkland & Ellis LLP. Prior to joining Kirkland, Mr. Brown was a partner at WilmerHale from 2005 to 2020, where he served as chairman of the firm’s Financial Institutions Group and led the firm’s congressional investigations practice as vice chair of the Crisis Management and Strategic Response Group. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Brown served as associate White House Counsel and special assistant to the President, and prior to serving in government, he worked as Assistant to the CEO and Vice President for Corporate Strategy at Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. Mr. Brown holds a BA from Yale University and a JD from Harvard Law School.
232
Table of Contents
Rochelle B. Lazarus
is a member of our board of directors. Ms. Lazarus joined the board of directors in July 2013. Ms. Lazarus is Chairman Emeritus of Ogilvy & Mather and served as Chairman of that company