our stockholders. For equity awards granted in 2019 and onward (other than grants made under our Bonus Deferral Plan), our named executive officers are required to hold 25% of their vested equity for two years after the applicable vesting event. If the named executive officer’s employment terminates prior to such time, however, such 25% of the vested equity must be held for two years after termination of employment. The minimum retained ownership requirements for our named executive officers are further described below under “— Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2024 — Terms of Discretionary Equity Awards — Minimum Retained Ownership Requirements.”
Named Executive Officers
In 2024, our named executive officers were:
Compensation Elements for Named Executive Officers
The key elements of the compensation of our named executive officers for 2024 were base compensation, which is composed of base salary, cash bonus and equity-based compensation, and performance compensation, which is composed of carried interest and incentive fee allocations:
1.
Base Salary
. Each named executive officer received a $350,000 annual base salary in 2024, which equals the total yearly partnership drawings that were received by each of our senior managing directors prior to our initial public offering in 2007. In keeping with historical practice, we continue to pay this amount as a base salary.
2.
Annual Bonus Payments / Deferred Equity Awards
. Since our initial public offering, Mr. Schwarzman has not received any cash compensation other than the $350,000 annual salary described above and the actual realized carried interest distributions or incentive fees he may receive in respect of his participation in the carried interest or incentive fees earned from our funds through our Performance Plans described below. We believe that having Mr. Schwarzman’s compensation largely based on ownership of a portion of the carried interest or incentive fees earned from our funds aligns his interests with those of the investors in our funds and our stockholders.
Each of our named executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman received annual bonus payments in respect of 2024 in addition to their base salary. These bonus payments included participation interests in the earnings of the firm’s various investment businesses. For all named executive officers, the amount of bonus payments paid to such named executive officer at the end of the year in respect of such year was determined in the discretion of Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray, as described below. Earnings for the firm’s investment businesses are calculated based on the annual operating income of the businesses and are generally a function of the performance of the businesses, which is evaluated by Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray. The ultimate bonus payment amounts were
238
Table of Contents
based on (a) the prior and anticipated performance of the named executive officer, (b) the prior and