required to determine the change in fair value of the Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds, Corporate Treasury Investments and Other Investments are discussed in more detail in Note 7. “Fair Value Measurements of Financial Instruments.”
25
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds
The following table presents the Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) on investments held by the consolidated Blackstone funds and a reconciliation to Other Income (Loss) – Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations:
Equity Method Investments
Blackstone’s equity method investments include Partnership Investments, which represent the pro-rata investments, and any associated Accrued Performance Allocations, in Blackstone Funds, excluding any equity method investments for which the fair value option has been elected. Blackstone evaluates each of its equity method investments, excluding Accrued Performance Allocations, to determine if any were significant as defined by guidance from the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. As of and for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, no individual equity method investment held by Blackstone met the significance criteria.
Partnership Investments
Blackstone recognized net gains related to its Partnership Investments accounted for under the equity method of $
140.5
million and $
156.0
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Accrued Performance Allocations
Accrued Performance Allocations to Blackstone were as follows:
26
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Corporate Treasury Investments
The portion of corporate treasury investments included in Investments represents Blackstone’s investments into primarily fixed income securities, mutual fund interests, and other fund interests. These strategies are managed by a combination of Blackstone personnel and third-party advisors.
The following table presents the Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) on these investments:
Other Investments
Other Investments consist of equity method investments where Blackstone has elected the fair value option and other proprietary investment securities held by Blackstone, including equity securities carried at fair value, equity investments without readily determinable fair values, and senior secured and subordinated notes in non-consolidated CLO vehicles. Equity investments without a readily determinable fair value had a carrying value of $
420.1
million as of March 31, 2025. In the period of acquisition and upon remeasurement in connection with an