consolidated Blackstone funds are reflected as Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities, and Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The consolidation of these Blackstone funds has no net effect on Blackstone’s Net Income or Equity. Additionally, fluctuations in our statement of financial condition also include appreciation or depreciation in Blackstone investments in the non-consolidated Blackstone funds, additional investments and redemptions of such interests in the non-consolidated Blackstone funds and the collection of receivables related to management and advisory fees.
111
Table of Contents
Total Assets were $45.3 billion as of March 31, 2025, an increase of $1.8 billion from December 31, 2024. The increase in Total Assets was principally due to increases of $1.7 billion in total assets attributable to consolidated Blackstone funds and $274.0 million in total assets attributable to consolidated operating partnerships.
Total Liabilities were $25.4 billion as of March 31, 2025, an increase of $1.4 billion from December 31, 2024. The increase in Total Liabilities was principally due to increases of $733.1 million in total liabilities attributable to consolidated operating partnerships and $686.3 million in total liabilities attributable to consolidated Blackstone funds.
Sources and Uses of Liquidity
We have multiple sources of liquidity to meet our capital needs, including annual cash flows, accumulated earnings in our businesses, the proceeds from our issuances of senior notes and other borrowings, liquid investments we hold on our balance sheet and access to our $4.325 billion committed Revolving Credit Facility. As of March 31, 2025, Blackstone had $2.4 billion in Cash and Cash Equivalents, $106.7 million invested in Corporate Treasury Investments and $6.3 billion in Other Investments (which included $5.8 billion of liquid investments), against $12.3 billion in borrowings, which included our bond issuances and $900.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility.
112
Table of Contents
In addition to the cash we receive from our notes offerings and availability under the Revolving Credit Facility and other borrowings, we expect to receive (a) cash generated from operating activities, (b) Performance Revenue realizations, and (c) realizations on the fund investments that we make. The amounts received from these three sources in particular may vary substantially from year to year and quarter to quarter depending on the frequency and size of realization events or net returns experienced by our investment funds. Our available capital could be adversely affected if there are prolonged periods of few substantial realizations from our investment funds accompanied by substantial capital calls for new investments from those investment funds. Therefore, Blackstone’s commitments to our funds are taken into consideration when managing our overall liquidity