or performance of our funds’ investments and making it more difficult for our funds to exit and realize value from existing investments. This could in turn materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. In addition, in the face of a difficult market or economic environment, we may need to reduce our fixed costs and other expenses in order to maintain profitability. This may include cutting back or eliminating the use of certain services or service providers, or terminating the employment of a significant number of our personnel that, in each case, could be important to our business and without which our operating results could be adversely affected. A failure to manage or reduce our costs and other expenses within a time frame sufficient to match any decrease in profitability would adversely affect our operating performance.
Turmoil in the global financial markets can provoke significant volatility of equity and debt securities prices. This can have a material and rapid impact on our
mark-to-market
valuations, particularly with respect to our public holdings and credit investments. As publicly traded equity securities have in recent years represented a meaningful proportion of the assets of many of our funds, stock market volatility, including a sharp decline in the stock market, may adversely affect our results, including our revenues and net income. Moreover, our public equity holdings have at times been concentrated in a few large positions, thereby making our unrealized
mark-to-market
valuations particularly sensitive to sharp changes in the price of any of these positions. Further, although the equity markets are not the only means by which we exit investments, should we experience a period of challenging equity markets, our funds may experience continued difficulty in realizing value from investments.
Although decelerating, inflation remains above the U.S. Federal Reserve’s target levels. Despite multiple federal fund rate decreases over the course of 2024, interest rates have remained elevated, with the U.S. Federal Reserve indicating in early 2025 an expectation of slower rate decreases moving forward. Periods of elevated inflation and high interest rates, such as that experienced in recent years, can contribute to significant volatility in debt and equity markets and economic deceleration or contraction in the rate of growth in certain industries, sectors or geographies. Economic slowdown may contribute to poor financial results for our funds’ portfolio companies or assets, which may result in lower investment returns for our funds. The valuations of our funds’ real estate assets, and fundraising in certain of our real estate strategies targeting
high-net-worth
investors, have been adversely impacted by elevated interest rates and a high cost of capital. A
slower-than-expected
decrease, or a further increase, in interest rates would continue to present a challenge to real