will achieve similar returns.
The following table presents the internal rates of return of our significant private equity funds:
The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of Blackstone.
99
Table of Contents
Funds With Closed Investment Periods as of March 31, 2025
Corporate Private Equity has eleven funds with closed investment periods: BCP IV, BCP V, BCP VI, BCP VII, BCP VIII, BCOM, BEP I, BEP II, BEP III, BCEP I and BCP Asia I. As of March 31, 2025, BCP IV was above its carried interest threshold (i.e., the preferred return payable to its limited partners before the general partner is eligible to receive carried interest) and would still be above its carried interest threshold even if all remaining investments were valued at zero. BCP V is comprised of two fund classes, the BCP V “main fund” and BCP V-AC fund. Within these fund classes, the general partner is subject to equalization such that (a) the general partner accrues carried interest when the respective carried interest for either fund class is positive and (b) the general partner realizes carried interest so long as clawback obligations, if any, for either of the respective fund classes are fully satisfied. BCP V, BCP VI, BCP VII, BCP VIII, BCOM, BEP I, BEP II, BEP III, BCEP I and BCP Asia I were above their respective carried interest thresholds. Funds are considered above their carried interest thresholds based on the aggregate fund position, although individual limited partners may be below their respective carried interest thresholds in certain funds.
Tactical Opportunities has various funds with closed investment periods, including but not limited to: BTOF-POOL, BTOF-POOL II, and BTOF-POOL III, which are each above their carried interest thresholds based on aggregate fund position. Blackstone Growth has one fund with a closed investment period, BXG I, which is not above its carried interest threshold. Secondaries has various funds with closed investment periods, including but not limited to: Strategic Partners Infrastructure III, Strategic Partners VIII, Strategic Partners Real Estate VII and BSCH I which are above their respective carried interest thresholds based on aggregate fund position. Blackstone Life Sciences has two funds with a closed investment period: Clarus IV and BXLS V, which were above their carried interest thresholds.
100
Table of Contents
Credit & Insurance
The following table presents the results of operations for our Credit & Insurance segment:
Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Compared to Three Months Ended March 31, 2024
Segment Distributable Earnings were $503.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, an increase of $217.7 million, compared to $285.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024. The increase in Segment Distributable Earnings was attributable to increases of $72.1 million in Fee Related Earnings and $145.6 million in Net Realizations.
Our Credit & Insurance segment