other fees are principally fees charged to the investors of funds indirectly through the managed funds and portfolio companies. The investment advisory agreements generally require that the investment adviser reduce the amount of management fees payable by the investors to Blackstone (“management fee reductions”) by an amount equal to a portion of the transaction and other fees paid to Blackstone by the portfolio companies. The amount of the reduction varies by fund, the type of fee paid by the portfolio company and the previously incurred expenses of the fund. These fees and associated management fee reductions are a component of the transaction price for Blackstone’s performance obligation to provide investment management services to the investors of funds and are recognized as changes to the transaction price in the period in which they are charged and the services are performed.
Management fee offsets are reductions to management fees payable by the investors of the Blackstone Funds, which are based on the amount such investors reimburse the Blackstone Funds or Blackstone primarily for placement fees. Providing investment management services requires Blackstone to arrange for services on behalf of its customers. In those situations where Blackstone is acting as an agent on behalf of the investors of funds, it presents the cost of services as net against management fee revenue. In all other situations, Blackstone is primarily responsible for fulfilling the services and is therefore acting as a principal for those arrangements. As a result, the cost of those services is presented as Compensation or General, Administrative and Other expense, as appropriate, with any reimbursement from the investors of the funds recorded as Management and Advisory Fees, Net. In cases where the investors of the funds are determined to be the customer in an arrangement, placement fees may be capitalized as a cost to acquire a customer contract. Capitalized placement fees are amortized over the life of the customer contract, are recorded within Other Assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and amortization is recorded within General, Administrative and Other within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In cases where the Blackstone Funds are determined to be the customer in the arrangement, placement fees are generally expensed as incurred. Blackstone may also pay ongoing investor servicing fees to certain distributors of its products. Where Blackstone is the principal in those arrangements, ongoing investor servicing fees are expensed as incurred and are recorded within General, Administrative and Other expense.
Accrued but unpaid Management and Advisory Fees, net of management fee reductions and management fee offsets, as of the reporting date are included in Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.
Incentive Fees —
Contractual fees earned based on the performance of Blackstone vehicles (“Incentive Fees”)