The fair values of real estate investments are determined by considering projected operating cash flows, sales of comparable assets, if any, and replacement costs, among other measures and considerations. The methods used to estimate the fair value of real estate investments include the discounted cash flow method, where value is calculated by discounting the estimated cash flows and the estimated terminal value of the subject investment by the assumed buyer’s weighted-average cost of capital. A terminal value is derived by reference to an exit multiple, such as for estimates of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”), or a capitalization rate, such as for estimates of net operating income (“NOI”). Valuations may also be derived by the performance multiple or market approach, by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or assets (for example, dividing NOI by a relevant capitalization rate observed for comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables.
Private Equity Investments
— The fair values of private equity investments are determined by reference to projected net earnings, EBITDA, public market or private transactions, valuations for comparable companies and other measures which, in many cases, are based on unaudited information at the time received. The methods used to estimate the fair value of private equity investments include the discounted cash flow method. Where a discounted cash flow method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to EBITDA or price/earnings exit multiples. Valuations may also be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or transactions (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company, such as EBITDA, by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods.
17
0
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Credit-Focused Investments
— The fair values of credit-focused investments are generally determined on the basis of prices between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. For credit-focused investments that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available, Blackstone may utilize other valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow method or a market approach. The discounted cash flow method projects the expected cash flows of the debt instrument based on contractual terms, and discounts such cash flows back to the valuation date using a market-based yield. The market-based yield is generally