current laws, regulations and treaties to be correct and sustainable upon examination by tax authorities, tax authorities have challenged and could challenge in the future our interpretation of such laws, regulations and treaties or our taking of certain tax positions on the basis of such interpretation. This could result in penalties, interest payments and/or additional tax liability or adjustment to our income tax provision that could increase our effective tax rate.
Past and future changes to tax laws and regulations may have an adverse impact on us. Such changes could materially change the amount and/or timing of tax we and our portfolio companies may be required to pay and may increase
tax-related
regulatory and compliance costs. Both the current U.S. Presidential administration and certain members of the U.S. Congress have stated that one of their top legislative priorities is significant reform of the Internal Revenue Code and other federal tax laws. Among other things, they may pursue tax policies seeking to alter the income tax rates and brackets applicable to corporations and individuals (including changing the tax treatment of carried interest), exempt certain types of income from taxation, eliminate clean energy subsidies enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 and provide tax incentives for domestic production. The timing and details of any such tax reform, and the impact on us, our personnel, and our funds’ portfolio companies is uncertain.
In addition, the U.S. Congress, the Organization for Economic
Co-operation
and Development (“OECD”) and other government agencies in jurisdictions in which we and our affiliates invest or do business have maintained a focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational companies. The OECD, which represents a coalition of member countries, has sought to make changes to numerous
long-standing
tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting (“BEPS”) project, which is focused on a number of issues, including the shifting of profits between affiliated entities in different tax jurisdictions, interest deductibility and eligibility for the benefits of double tax treaties. Several of the measures are potentially relevant to some of our structures and could have an
34
Table of Contents
adverse tax impact on our funds, investors and/or our funds’ portfolio companies. Some member countries have been moving forward on the BEPS agenda but, because timing of implementation and the specific measures adopted will vary among participating member countries, uncertainty remains regarding the impact of BEPS. Such measures could result in a loss of tax treaty benefits and increased taxes on returns from our investments.
The OECD is also working on a
two-pillar
initiative, which is aimed at (a) shifting taxing rights to the jurisdiction of the consumer (“Pillar One”) and (b) ensuring all companies pay a global minimum tax (“Pillar Two”). Under Pillar Two, certain entities within a multinational