ultimate outcome of global trade policy negotiations is unclear. This is contributing to significant U.S. and global economic uncertainty, with the International Monetary Fund forecasting slower U.S. GDP growth compared to the prior year and higher inflation.
For additional information on the potential impact on each of our business segments of the conditions described above see “—Segment Analysis”.
66
Table of Contents
Organizational Structure
The simplified diagram below depicts our current organizational structure. The diagram does not depict all of our subsidiaries, including intermediate holding companies through which certain of the subsidiaries depicted are held.
Key Financial Measures and Indicators
We manage our business using certain financial measures and key operating metrics since we believe these metrics measure the productivity of our investment activities. We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). See “—Item 1. Financial Statements — Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” and “—Critical Accounting Policies.” Our key non-GAAP financial measures and operating indicators and metrics are discussed below.
Distributable Earnings
Distributable Earnings is derived from Blackstone’s segment reported results. Distributable Earnings is used to assess performance and amounts available for dividends to Blackstone stockholders, including Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. Distributable Earnings is the sum of Segment Distributable Earnings plus Net Interest and Dividend Income (Loss) less Taxes and Related Payables. Distributable Earnings excludes unrealized activity and is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes. See “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for our reconciliation of Distributable Earnings.
67
Table of Contents
Net Interest and Dividend Income (Loss) is presented on a segment basis and is equal to Interest and Dividend Revenue less Interest Expense, adjusted for the impact of consolidation of Blackstone Funds, and interest expense associated with the tax receivable agreement.
Taxes and Related Payables represent the total GAAP tax provision adjusted to include only the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes and including the payable under the tax receivable agreement. Further, the current tax provision utilized when calculating Taxes and Related Payables and Distributable Earnings reflects the benefit of deductions available to the company on certain expense items that are excluded from the underlying calculation of Segment Distributable Earnings and Total Segment Distributable Earnings, such as equity-based compensation charges and