the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results.
The change in the fair value of the investments held by certain Blackstone Funds is a significant input into the accrued Performance Allocation calculation and accrual for potential repayment of previously received Performance Allocations. Estimates and assumptions are made when determining the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds. See “—Fair Value” below for further discussion related to significant estimates and assumptions used for determining fair value of the underlying investments.
Fair Value
Blackstone uses fair value throughout the reporting process. For a description of our accounting policies related to valuation, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Fair Value of Financial Instruments” and “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Investments, at Fair Value” in the “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 1. Financial Statements” of this filing. The following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of fair value principles impact our financial results, and management’s process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.
124
Table of Contents
The fair value of the investments held by Blackstone Funds is the primary input to the calculation of certain of our management fees, Incentive Fees, Performance Allocations and the related Compensation we recognize. Generally, Blackstone Funds are accounted for in accordance with the GAAP guidance on investment companies, and under the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Audit and Accounting Guide, Investment Companies, and reflect their investments, including majority-owned and controlled investments, at fair value. In the absence of observable market prices, we utilize valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis and assumptions that we believe market participants would use to determine the fair value of the investments. For investments where little market activity exists management’s determination of fair value is based on the best information available in the circumstances, which may incorporate management’s own assumptions and involves a significant degree of judgment, and the consideration of a combination of internal and external factors, including the appropriate risk adjustments for non-performance and liquidity risks.
Blackstone has also elected the fair value option for certain instruments it owns directly, including loans and receivables, investments in private debt securities and other proprietary investments. Blackstone is required to measure certain financial instruments at fair value, including debt instruments, equity securities and freestanding derivatives.
Fair Value of Investments or Instruments That Are Publicly Traded
Securities that are publicly traded and for which a quoted market exists will be valued at the closing price of such securities in the