(except as otherwise provided below) are required to hold 25% of their vested equity until the earlier of (1) ten years after the applicable vesting date and (2) one year following termination of employment. For equity awards granted in 2019 and onward (other than grants made under our Bonus Deferral Plan), our named executive officers (except as otherwise provided below) are required to hold 25% of their vested equity for two years after the applicable vesting event. If the named executive officer’s employment terminates prior to such time, however, such 25% of the vested equity must be held for two years after termination of employment. The requirement that one continue to hold such minimum amounts of vested equity is subject to the qualification in Mr. Schwarzman’s case that in no event will he be required to hold equity having a market value greater than $1.5 billion or hold equity following termination of employment. Each of our named executive officers is in compliance with these minimum retained ownership requirements.
Transfer Restrictions
. None of our named executive officers may transfer Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units other than pursuant to transactions or programs approved by us.
This transfer restriction applies to sales and pledges of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, grants of options, rights or warrants to purchase Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or swaps or other arrangements that transfer to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units other than as approved by us. We will generally approve pledges or transfers to personal planning vehicles beneficially owned by the families of our
pre-IPO
owners and charitable gifts, provided that the pledgee, transferee or donee agrees to be subject to the same transfer restrictions. Transfers to Blackstone are also exempt from the transfer restrictions.
Terms of Deferred Restricted Common Stock Units Granted Under the Bonus Deferral Plan
In 2007, we established our Bonus Deferral Plan for certain eligible employees in order to provide such eligible employees with a
pre-tax
deferred incentive compensation opportunity and to enhance the alignment of interests between such eligible employees and Blackstone. The Bonus Deferral Plan is an unfunded, nonqualified Bonus Deferral Plan which provides for the automatic, mandatory deferral of a portion of each participant’s annual cash bonus payment.
At the end of each year, the Plan Administrator selects plan participants in its sole discretion and notifies such individuals that they have been selected to participate in the Bonus Deferral Plan for such year. Participation is mandatory for those employees selected by the Plan Administrator to be participants. An individual who is not so selected may not elect to participate in the Bonus Deferral Plan. The selection of participants is made on an annual basis; an individual selected to participate in the Bonus