“—Item 1. Financial Statements” of this filing.
Indemnifications
In many of its service contracts, Blackstone agrees to indemnify the third-party service provider under certain circumstances. The terms of the indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined and has not been included in the above contractual obligations table or recorded in our condensed consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2025.
Clawback Obligations
Performance Allocations are subject to clawback to the extent that the Performance Allocations received to date with respect to a fund exceed the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results of that fund. The amounts and nature of Blackstone’s clawback obligations are described in Note 16. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Contingent Obligations (Clawback)” in the “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 1. Financial Statements” of this filing.
119
Table of Contents
Share Repurchase Program
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, Blackstone repurchased 0.2 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $31.0 million. As of March 31, 2025, the amount remaining available for repurchases under the program was $1.8 billion.
On July 16, 2024, Blackstone’s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $2.0 billion of common stock and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Under the repurchase program, repurchases may be made from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The repurchase program may be changed, suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date.
Dividends
Our intention is to pay to holders of common stock a quarterly dividend representing approximately 85% of Blackstone Inc.’s share of Distributable Earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by our board of directors to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of our business, to make appropriate investments in our business and funds, to comply with applicable law, any of our debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as tax-related payments, clawback obligations and dividends to stockholders for any ensuing quarter. The dividend amount could also be adjusted upward in any one quarter.
For Blackstone’s definition of Distributable Earnings, see “—Key Financial Measures and Indicators.”
All of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors, and our board of directors may change our dividend policy at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce such quarterly dividends or even to eliminate such dividends entirely.