our share repurchase program. For a tabular presentation of Blackstone’s contractual obligations and the expected timing of such see “— Contractual Obligations.”
134
Table of Contents
Capital Commitments
Our own capital commitments to our funds, the funds we invest in and our investment strategies as of December 31, 2024 consisted of the following:
continued...
135
Table of Contents
continued...
136
Table of Contents
For a tabular presentation of the timing of Blackstone’s remaining capital commitments to our funds, the funds we invest in and our investment strategies see “— Contractual Obligations”.
Borrowings
As of December 31, 2024, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. and Blackstone Reg Finance Co. L.L.C. (each an “Issuer” and together the “Issuers”), both indirect subsidiaries of Blackstone, had issued and outstanding the following senior notes (collectively the “Notes”):
137
Table of Contents
138
Table of Contents
Blackstone, through Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., has a $4.325 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) with Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent with a maturity date of December 15, 2028. Borrowings may also be made in U.K. sterling, euros, Swiss francs, Japanese yen or Canadian dollars, in each case subject to certain
sub-limits.
The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary representations, covenants and events of default. Financial covenants consist of a maximum net leverage ratio and a requirement to keep a minimum amount of
fee-earning
assets under management, each tested quarterly.
For a tabular presentation of the payment timing of principal and interest due on Blackstone’s issued notes and the Revolving Credit Facility see “— Contractual Obligations”.
Contractual Obligations
The following table sets forth information relating to our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2024 on a consolidated basis and on a basis deconsolidating the Blackstone Funds:
139
Table of Contents
Guarantees
Blackstone and certain of its consolidated funds provide financial guarantees. The amounts and nature of these guarantees are described in Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Guarantees” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.
Indemnifications
In many of its service contracts, Blackstone agrees to indemnify the third-party service provider under certain circumstances. The terms of the indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined and has not been included in the above contractual obligations table or recorded in our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2024.
140
Table of Contents
Clawback Obligations
Performance Allocations are subject to clawback to the extent that the Performance Allocations received to date with respect to a fund exceed the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative