investment businesses, and his role in strategic initiatives undertaken by the firm. Key factors that Messrs. Schwarzman and Gray considered in making such determinations with respect to Mr. Sawhney were his leadership and oversight of our global institutional and private client relationships, his role in overseeing aspects of the firm’s operations and his role in strategic initiatives undertaken by the firm. For 2024, Messrs. Schwarzman and Gray also considered Blackstone’s overall performance and each named executive officer’s prior year annual cash bonus payments, the named executive officers’ allocated share of performance interests through participation in our Performance Plans, the appropriate balance between incentives for long-term and short-term performance, and the compensation paid to the named executive officer’s peers within the firm. The actual cash bonus amounts awarded based on these considerations, net of the portion of Mr. Gray’s, Mr. Chae’s, Mr. Finley’s and Mr. Sawhney’s bonus mandatorily deferred into deferred restricted common stock units pursuant to the Bonus Deferral Plan, are reflected in the “Bonus” column of the Summary Compensation Table below.
Policies and Practices Related to the Timing of Equity Awards
Our executive compensation program has historically not included awards of stock options. Accordingly, we have no policy, program, practice, or plan pertaining to the timing of stock option grants with respect to the release of material
non-public
information. We also have not timed the release of material
non-public
information for the purpose of affecting the value of executive compensation.
241
Table of Contents
Compensation Committee Report
The compensation committee of the board of directors has reviewed and discussed with management the foregoing Compensation Discussion and Analysis and, based on such review and discussion, has determined that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis should be included in this annual report.
Stephen A. Schwarzman
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
During 2024, our compensation committee was comprised of Mr. Schwarzman, and none of our executive officers served as a director or member of the compensation committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) of any other entity whose executive officers served on our compensation committee or our board of directors. For a description of certain transactions between us and Mr. Schwarzman, see “—Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.”
242
Table of Contents
Summary Compensation Table
The following table provides summary information concerning the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer and each of our other named executive officers for services rendered to us. These individuals are referred to as our named executive officers in this annual report.
243
Table of Contents
Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2024
The