facilities in
65
Table of Contents
which our funds invest are also subject to risks associated with volatility in the price of fuel sources and the impact of unusual or adverse weather conditions or other natural events, such as droughts, wildfires or hurricanes, as well as the risk of performance below expected levels of output, efficiency or reliability. The occurrence of any such items could result in lost revenues and/or increased expenses. In turn, such developments could impair a portfolio company’s ability to repay its debt or conduct its operations. We may also choose or be required to decommission a power generation facility or other asset. The decommissioning process could be protracted and result in the incurrence of significant financial and/or regulatory obligations or other uncertainties.
Our power and energy sector portfolio companies may also face construction risks typical for power generation and related infrastructure businesses. Such developments could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of construction activities once undertaken. Delays in the completion of any power project may result in lost revenues or increased expenses, including higher operation and maintenance costs related to such portfolio company.
The power and energy sectors are the subject of substantial and complex laws, rules and regulation by various federal and state regulatory agencies. Failure to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations could result in the prevention of operation of certain facilities or the prevention of the sale of such a facility to a third party, as well as the loss of certain rate authority, refund liability, penalties and other remedies. Each of these could result in additional costs to a portfolio company and adversely affect investment results. In addition, the increased scrutiny placed by regulators, elected officials and certain investors with respect to the incorporation of sustainability factors in the investment process and the impact of certain investments made by our energy funds has negatively impacted and is likely to continue to negatively impact our ability to exit certain of our conventional energy investments on favorable terms. The current U.S. Presidential administration and certain members of the U.S. Congress have expressed support for the repeal of subsidies provided to the clean energy sector by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. Conversely, legislative efforts by either party to overturn or modify policies or regulations enacted by the prior administration could adversely affect our certain investments, including our alternative energy investments. Additionally, certain investors have raised concerns as to whether the incorporation of sustainability factors in the investment and portfolio management process may be inconsistent with the fiduciary duty to maximize returns for investors, which may result in such investors