which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. See “— Item 1A. Risk Factors” above. We are not currently subject to any pending legal (including judicial, regulatory, administrative or arbitration) proceedings that we expect to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. However, given the inherent unpredictability of these types of proceedings and the potentially large and/or indeterminate amounts that could be sought, an adverse outcome in certain matters could have a material effect on Blackstone’s financial results in any particular period. See “Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 18. Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Litigation.”
Not applicable.
83
Table of Contents
Part II.
Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol “BX.”
The number of holders of record of our common stock as of February 21, 2025 was 60. This does not include the number of stockholders that hold shares in “street name” through banks or broker-dealers. Blackstone Partners L.L.C. is the sole holder of the single share of Series I preferred stock outstanding and Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. is the sole holder of the single share of Series II preferred stock outstanding.
The following table sets forth the quarterly per share dividends earned for the periods indicated. Each quarter’s dividends are declared and paid in the following quarter.
Dividend Policy
Our intention is to pay to holders of common stock a quarterly dividend representing approximately 85% of Blackstone Inc.’s share of Distributable Earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by our board of directors to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of our business, to make appropriate investments in our business and funds, to comply with applicable law, any of our debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as
tax-related
payments, clawback obligations and dividends to stockholders for any ensuing quarter. The dividend amount could also be adjusted upward in any one quarter.
For Blackstone’s definition of Distributable Earnings, see “— Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Key Financial Measures and Indicators.”
All of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors and our board of directors may change our dividend policy at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce such quarterly dividends or even to eliminate such dividends entirely.
Because Blackstone Inc. is a holding company and has no material assets, other than its ownership of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings (held through wholly owned subsidiaries), intercompany loans receivable and deferred tax assets, we fund any dividends by Blackstone Inc. by causing