“—Item 1. Financial Statements.” For an additional description of the nature of our revenue arrangements, including how management fees, Incentive Fees, and Performance Allocations are generated, please refer to “Part I. Item 1. Business — Fee Structure/Incentive Arrangements” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. The following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of revenue recognition principles impact our financial results, and management’s process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.
Management and Advisory Fees, Net
— Blackstone earns base management fees from its customers at a fixed percentage of a calculation base. The range of management fee rates and the calculation base from which they are earned, generally, are as follows:
For vehicles within the Real Estate segment:
For vehicles within the Private Equity segment:
123
Table of Contents
For vehicles within the Credit & Insurance segment:
For vehicles within the Multi-Asset Investing segment:
Management fee calculations based on committed capital or invested capital are mechanical in nature and therefore do not require the use of significant estimates or judgments. Management fee calculations based on net asset value, gross asset value, or investment fair value depend on the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds. Estimates and assumptions are made when determining the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds and could vary depending on the valuation methodology that is used as well as economic conditions. See “—Fair Value” below for further discussion of the judgment required for determining the fair value of the underlying investments.
Investment Income (Loss)
— Performance Allocations are made to the general partner based on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to limited partners. Blackstone has concluded that investments made alongside its limited partners in a partnership which entitle Blackstone to a Performance Allocation represent equity method investments that are not in the scope of the GAAP guidance on accounting for revenues from contracts with customers. Blackstone accounts for these arrangements under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, Blackstone’s share of earnings (losses) from equity method investments is determined using a balance sheet approach referred to as the hypothetical liquidation at book value (“HLBV”) method. Under the HLBV method, at the end of each reporting period Blackstone calculates the accrued Performance Allocations that would be due to Blackstone for each fund pursuant to the fund agreements as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. Performance Allocations are subject to clawback to the extent that the Performance Allocation received to date exceeds