the NAIC, as adopted by applicable clients’ insurance regulators. Our Bermuda insurance company clients are subject to Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirements standards and other minimum capital and surplus requirements imposed by the Bermuda Monetary Authority.
New statutory accounting guidance or changes or clarifications in interpretations of existing guidance may adversely impact our ability to originate, or invest in, appropriate assets on behalf of our insurance company clients or cause our clients to increase their required capital in respect of such assets, thus making such assets less attractive to insurers, which may adversely affect our business. Certain proposals or exposure drafts released by insurance regulatory authorities, including the NAIC or the SVO, may result in changes to the
risk-based
capital treatment and/or ratings or
re-ratings
processes of certain assets or investments that are, or may be, held by our insurance company clients. For example, in 2024, the NAIC increased the applicable capital charge of residual tranches or equity securities of
asset-based
securitizations from 30% to 45% in respect of life insurers. This increase in the applicable RBC charge of such assets could potentially make such assets or investments less attractive to insurers and limit our ability to originate, or invest in, such assets on behalf of insurers.
We rely on complex exemptions from statutes in conducting our asset management activities.
We regularly rely on exemptions from various requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), the Exchange Act, the 1940 Act, the Commodity Exchange Act and the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, in conducting our asset management activities. These exemptions are sometimes highly complex and may in certain circumstances depend on compliance by third parties whom we do not control. These exemptions may become unavailable to us for a variety of reasons, including, for example, if we or certain “covered persons” were to become the subject of a criminal, regulatory or court order or other “disqualifying event” under Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act that were not otherwise waived. If for any reason these exemptions were to become unavailable to us, we could become subject to regulatory action or
third-party
claims and our business could be materially and adversely affected.
47
Table of Contents
Complex regulatory regimes and potential regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the United States could adversely affect our business.
Similar to the United States, our business and operations in the jurisdictions outside the United States, in particular Europe, are subject to extensive laws and regulation. Governmental regulators and other authorities in Europe have proposed or implemented a number of initiatives, rules and regulations that could adversely affect our business, including by imposing additional compliance and