other employees is the most important asset of our firm. We invest in people. We hire qualified people, train them, encourage them to provide their best thinking to the firm for the benefit of the investors in the funds we manage, and compensate them in a manner designed to retain and motivate them and align their interests with those of the investors in our funds and our stockholders.
Our overriding compensation philosophy for our senior managing directors and certain other employees is that compensation should be composed primarily of (a) annual cash bonus payments tied to Blackstone’s overall performance and the performance of the applicable business unit(s) in which such employee works, (b) performance interests (composed primarily of Performance Allocations, commonly referred to as carried interest, and incentive fee interests) tied to the performance of the investments made by the funds in the business unit in which such employee works or for which he or she has responsibility, and (c) deferred equity awards reflecting the value of our common stock. We believe that the appropriate combination of annual cash bonus payments and performance interests and/or deferred equity awards encourages our senior managing directors and other employees to focus on the underlying performance of our investment funds, as well as the overall performance of the firm and interests of our stockholders, and that base salary should represent a significantly lesser component of total compensation.
We believe that the proportion of compensation that is “at risk” should increase as an employee’s level of responsibility rises. Base salary generally represents a smaller percentage of the total compensation of employees at higher total compensation levels compared to employees at lower total compensation levels. Employees at higher total compensation levels are generally targeted to receive a greater percentage of their total compensation in the form of participation in performance interests, deferred equity awards and, to a lesser extent, annual cash bonuses subject to deferral.
Our compensation program includes significant elements that discourage excessive risk-taking and align the compensation of our employees with the long-term performance of the firm. For example, for accounting purposes we accrue compensation for the Performance Plans (as defined below) related to our carry funds as increases in the carrying value of the portfolio investments are recorded in those carry funds. Notwithstanding this fact, we only make cash payments to our employees related to carried interest when profitable investments have been realized and cash is distributed first to the investors in our funds, followed by the firm and only then to employees of the firm. Moreover, if a carry fund fails to achieve specified investment returns due to diminished performance of later investments, our Performance Plans entitle us to “claw back” carried interest payments previously made to an employee