(i.e., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and Blackstone Holdings V L.P.). On January 1, 2009, in order to simplify our structure and ease the related administrative burden and costs, we effected an internal restructuring to reduce the number of holding partnerships from five to four by causing Blackstone Holdings III L.P. to transfer all of its assets and liabilities to Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. In connection therewith, Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. was renamed Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings V L.P. was renamed Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. On October 1, 2015, Blackstone formed a new holding partnership, Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., which holds certain operating entities and operates in a manner similar to the other Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. “Blackstone Holdings” refers to (a) Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and Blackstone Holdings V L.P. prior to the January 2009 reorganization, (b) Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. from January 1, 2009 through October 1, 2015 and (c) Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and Blackstone Holdings AI L.P. subsequent to the October 2015 creation of Blackstone Holdings AI L.P.
Wholly owned subsidiaries of Blackstone Inc. which are the general partners of those partnerships have the right to determine when distributions will be made to the partners of Blackstone Holdings and the amount of any such distributions. If a distribution is authorized, such distribution will be made to the partners of Blackstone Holdings
pro-rata
in accordance with the percentages of their respective partnership interests as described under “Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities — Dividend Policy.”
Each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships has an identical number of partnership units outstanding, and we use the terms “Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit” or “partnership unit in/of Blackstone Holdings” to refer, collectively, to a partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. The holders of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings, including Blackstone Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, will incur U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on their proportionate share of any net taxable income of Blackstone profits and net losses of Blackstone Holdings will generally be allocated to its partners (including Blackstone Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiaries)
pro-rata
in accordance with the percentages of their respective partnership interests as described under “Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities—Dividend