exclude the impact of this performance-based compensation, as the number of shares to be issued is based on the probability of achieving the performance condition and not yet set.
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units
Blackstone has granted deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to certain current and former senior managing directors. Holders of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units are not entitled to any voting rights.
The fair values of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units have been derived based on the closing price of Blackstone’s common units on the date of the grant, multiplied by the number of unvested awards and expensed over the assumed service period up to
1
year. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes a forfeiture rate of
6.8
%, based on historical experience.
17. Related Party Transactions
Affiliate Receivables and Payables
Due from Affiliates and Due to Affiliates consisted of the following:
209
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Interests of the Founder, Senior Managing Directors, Employees and Other Related Parties
The Founder, senior managing directors, employees and certain other related parties invest on a discretionary basis in the consolidated Blackstone Funds both directly and through consolidated entities. These investments generally are subject to preferential management fee and performance allocation or incentive fee arrangements. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, such investments aggregated to $
2.0
billion and $
1.7
billion, respectively. Their share of the Net Income Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling and Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities aggregated $
176.0
million, $
87.8
million, and $
10.9
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Contingent Repayment Guarantee
Blackstone and its personnel who have received Performance Allocation distributions have guaranteed payment on a several basis (subject to a cap) to the carry funds of any clawback obligation with respect to the excess Performance Allocation allocated to the general partners of such funds and indirectly received thereby to the extent that either Blackstone or its personnel fails to fulfill its clawback obligation, if any. The Accrual for Potential Repayment of Previously Received Performance Allocations represents amounts previously paid to Blackstone Holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would need to be repaid to the Blackstone Funds if the carry funds were to be liquidated based on the fair value of their underlying investments as of December 31, 2024. See Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Contingent Obligations (Clawback).”
Tax Receivable Agreements
Blackstone used a portion of the proceeds from the IPO and other sales of shares to purchase