units, respectively, will continue to vest and be delivered over the vesting period, subject to forfeiture if the named executive officer violates any applicable provision of his employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity (as such term is defined in the applicable award agreement). Blackstone personnel are deemed Tier I retirement eligible upon reaching the age of 55 and having at least five full years of service with our firm, and the sum of his or her age plus years of service with our firm totals at least 65. Upon the effectiveness of the Tier II Retirement Amendment (defined below), Blackstone personnel will be deemed Tier II retirement eligible upon reaching the age of 60 and having at least ten full years of service with our firm. Further, in the event of a change in control (defined in the Blackstone Holdings partnership agreements as the occurrence of any person, other than Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. or a person approved by Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., becoming the Series II Preferred Stockholder), all unvested discretionary equity awards will automatically be deemed vested as of immediately prior to such change in control.
245
Table of Contents
All vested and unvested equity awards (and our common stock delivered upon vesting or received in exchange for Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units) held by a named executive officer will be immediately forfeited in the event the named executive officer materially breaches any of their restrictive covenants set forth in the
non-competition
and
non-solicitation
agreement outlined under
“Non-Competition
and
Non-Solicitation
Agreements” or their service is terminated for cause. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Mr. Schwarzman will not be required to forfeit more than 25% of the units held by him as of March 1, 2018, the date of his amended and restated founding member agreement.
Cash Dividend Equivalents
. All discretionary equity awards are entitled to the payment of current cash dividend equivalents. In accordance with the SEC’s rules, the current cash dividend equivalents are not required to be reported in the Summary Compensation Table because the amounts of future cash dividends are factored into the grant date fair value of the awards.
Minimum Retained Ownership Requirements
. For units granted in 2014 and prior years (other than grants made under our Bonus Deferral Plan), while employed by us and generally for one year following the termination of employment, our named executive officers (except as otherwise provided below) are required to hold at least 25% of all vested equity received by such named executive officer; provided that with respect to vested equity received in connection with the reorganization we effected prior to our initial public offering, such percentage is reduced to 12.5% upon a Tier I or Tier II qualifying retirement. For equity granted in 2015 through 2018 (other than grants made under our Bonus Deferral Plan) our named executive officers