Operations within Investment Income (Loss).
For certain instruments, Blackstone has elected the fair value option. Such election is irrevocable and is applied on an investment by investment basis at initial recognition or other eligible election dates. Blackstone has applied the fair value option for certain loans and receivables, unfunded loan commitments and certain investments that otherwise would not have been carried at fair value with gains and losses recorded in net income. The methodology for measuring the fair value of such investments is consistent with the methodology applied to private equity, real estate and credit-focused investments. Changes in the fair value of such instruments are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest income on interest bearing loans and receivables and debt securities on which the fair value option has been elected is based on stated coupon rates adjusted for the accretion of purchase discounts and the amortization of purchase premiums. This interest income is recorded within Interest and Dividend Revenue.
Blackstone has elected the fair value option for the assets of consolidated CLO vehicles. As permitted under GAAP, Blackstone measures notes issued by consolidated CLO vehicles as (a) the sum of the fair value of the consolidated CLO assets and the carrying value of any non-financial assets held temporarily, less (b) the sum of the fair value of any beneficial interests retained by Blackstone (other than those that represent compensation for services) and Blackstone’s carrying value of any beneficial interests that represent compensation for services. As a result of this measurement alternative, there is no attribution of amounts to Non-Controlling Interests for consolidated CLO vehicles. Assets of the consolidated CLOs are presented within Investments within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and notes payable within Loans Payable for the
19
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
amounts due to unaffiliated third parties. Changes in the fair value of consolidated CLO assets and liabilities and related interest, dividend and other income are presented within Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities. Expenses of consolidated CLO vehicles are presented in Fund Expenses.
Blackstone has elected the fair value option for certain proprietary investments that would otherwise have been accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The fair value of such investments is based on quoted prices in an active market, quoted prices that are published on a regular basis and are the basis for current transactions or using the discounted cash flow method. Changes in fair value are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of