generated by our carry funds for all named executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman is subject to vesting. Vesting serves as an employment retention mechanism and thereby enhances the alignment of interests between a participant in our Performance Plans and the firm. Carried interest generally vests in equal installments on the first through fourth anniversary of the closing of the investment to which it relates (unless an investment is realized prior to the expiration of such four-year anniversary, in which case an active named executive officer is deemed 100% vested in the proceeds of such realizations). In addition, any named executive officer who is Tier I or Tier II retirement eligible (as defined below) will automatically vest in 50% of their otherwise unvested carried interest allocation upon retirement. We believe that vesting requirements of carried interest participation enhances the stability of our senior management team and provides greater incentives for our named executive officers to remain at the firm. Due to his unique status as a
co-founder
and the longtime chief executive officer of our firm, Mr. Schwarzman vests in 100% of his carried interest participation related to any investment by a carry fund upon the closing of that investment.
(b)
Incentive Fees
. Cash distributions of incentive fees to our named executive officers and other employees who participate in our Performance Plans relating to the funds that pay incentive fees depend on the performance of the investments owned by those funds in which they participate. For our investment funds that pay incentive fees, those incentive fees are only paid to the firm and employees of the firm to the extent an applicable fund’s portfolio of investments has profitably appreciated in value (in most cases above a specified level) during the applicable period and following the calculation of the profit split (if any) between the fund’s general partner or investment adviser and the fund’s investors.
(c)
Investment Advisory Client Interests
. BXMT is an investment advisory client of Blackstone. Compensation we receive from investment advisory clients in the form of securities may be allocated to employees
240
Table of Contents
and senior managing directors. In 2024, Messrs. Schwarzman, Gray, Chae, Finley and Sawhney were allocated restricted shares of listed common stock of BXMT in connection with investment advisory services provided by Blackstone to BXMT. The value of these allocated shares is reflected as “All Other Compensation” in the Summary Compensation Table.
5.
Other Benefits
. Upon the consummation of our initial public offering in June 2007, we entered into a founding member agreement with our
co-founder,
Mr. Schwarzman, which provides (as subsequently amended) specified benefits to him following his retirement. (See “— Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2024 —Schwarzman Founding Member Agreement.”) Mr. Schwarzman is