and (d) realized performance allocations, which is the sum of Realized Principal Investment Income and Realized Performance Revenues less Realized Performance Compensation. We have also entered into a $4.325 billion revolving credit facility with a final maturity date of December 15, 2028 the (“Revolving Credit Facility”). Our long-term debt totaled $11.3 billion in borrowings from our prior bond issuances. As of December 31, 2024, we had no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. In February 2025, we drew $900.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2024, we had $2.0 billion in Cash and Cash Equivalents, $1.1 billion invested in Corporate Treasury Investments and $5.8 billion in Other Investments.
If growth of the global economy decelerates, or conditions in the financing markets were challenged, the investment performance of our funds could suffer, resulting in, for example, the payment of decreased or no Performance Allocations to us. This could materially and adversely affect the amount of cash we have on hand, which could in turn require us to rely on other sources of cash, such as the capital markets, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all for the above purposes. A decrease in the amount of cash we have on hand could also materially and adversely affect our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders and make repurchases under our share repurchase program. Furthermore, during adverse economic and market conditions, we might not be able to renew all or part of our existing revolving credit facility or find alternate financing on commercially reasonable terms or at all. As a result, our uses of cash may exceed our sources of cash, thereby potentially affecting our liquidity position. In addition, we have made and expect to continue to make significant principal investments in our current and future investment funds. Contributing capital to these investment funds is risky, and we may lose some or the entire principal amount of our investments, including, without limitation, as a result of poor investment performance in a challenging economic and market environment.
Our business depends in large part on our ability to raise capital from third-party investors. A failure to raise capital from third-party investors on attractive fee terms or at all, would impact our ability to collect management fees or deploy such capital into investments and potentially collect Performance Revenues, which would materially reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition.
Our ability to raise capital from
third-party
investors depends on a number of factors, such as economic and market conditions (including the level of interest rates and stock market performance) and the asset allocation rules or investment policies to which such
third-party
investors are subject. These factors could inhibit or restrict the ability of
third-party
investors to make investments in