agreement. Generally, the material terms of our investment advisory and AIFM agreements, as applicable, relate to the scope of services to be rendered by the investment adviser or the AIFM to the applicable vehicle, the calculation of management fees to be borne by investors in our investment vehicles, the calculation of and the manner and extent to which other fees received by the investment adviser or the AIFM, as applicable, from funds or fund portfolio companies serve to offset or reduce the management fees payable by investors in our investment vehicles and certain rights of termination with respect to our investment advisory and AIFM agreements.
Our private investment funds do not generally register as investment companies under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), in reliance on the statutory exemptions provided by Section 3(c)(7), Section 3(c)(5)(C) or Section 3(c)(1) thereof. In addition, each of BXMT and BREIT conducts its operations in a manner that allows it to maintain its REIT qualification and avail itself of the statutory exemption provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act and our U.S. BXPE and BXINFRA vehicles rely on the statutory exemption provided by Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. Our Private Wealth Products include funds that are registered, or regulated as a BDC, under the 1940 Act. In addition, certain of our investment advisers or AIFMs advise or
sub-advise
funds domiciled in, and subject to registration and regulatory requirements of, the EEA.
In addition to having an investment adviser, each investment fund that is a limited partnership, or “partnership” fund, also has a general partner that, apart from partnership funds domiciled in the EEA, generally makes all operational and investment decisions, including the making, monitoring and disposing of investments. Investment vehicles in our Private Wealth Products typically have a board that includes independent directors. In the case of our SMAs, the investor, rather than we, generally holds or has custody of the investments. The investors in our investment funds generally take no part in the conduct or control of the business of the investment funds, have no right or authority to act for or bind the investment funds and have no influence over the voting or disposition of the securities or other assets held by the investment funds. Third-party investors in some of our partnership funds have the right to remove the general partner of the fund or to accelerate the termination of the fund without cause by a majority or supermajority vote. In addition, the governing agreements of many of our partnership funds provide that in the event certain “key persons” in our partnership funds do not meet specified time commitments with regard to managing the fund, then (a) investors in such funds have the right to vote to terminate the investment period by a specified percentage (including, in certain cases a simple majority) vote in accordance with