for the benefit of the limited partner investors in that fund, and we escrow a portion of all carried interest payments made to employees to help fund their potential future “clawback” obligations, all of which further discourages excessive risk-taking by our employees. Similarly, for our investment funds that pay incentive fees, those incentive fees are only paid to the firm and employees of the firm to the extent an applicable fund’s portfolio of investments has profitably appreciated in value (in most cases above a specified level) during the applicable period. In addition, and as noted below with respect to our named executive officers, requiring our professional employees to invest in certain of the funds they manage directly aligns the interests of our professionals and our fund investors. In most cases, the carried interest earned on these investments represents a significant percentage of such professional employees’
after-tax
compensation. Lastly, because our equity awards have significant vesting or deferral provisions, the actual amount of compensation realized by the recipient is tied directly to the long-term performance of our common stock. In applicable jurisdictions, specifically in the European Union and the United Kingdom, our compensation program includes additional remuneration policies that may limit or otherwise alter the compensation for certain employees, consistent with local regulatory requirements, and are aimed at, among other things, discouraging inappropriate risk-taking and aligning compensation with the firm’s strategy and long-term interests, consistent with our general compensation program.
We believe our current compensation and benefit offerings for senior professionals are best in class and are consistent with companies in the alternative asset management industry. We generally do not rely on compensation surveys or compensation consultants. Our senior management periodically reviews the effectiveness and competitiveness of our compensation program, and such reviews may in the future involve the assistance of independent consultants.
237
Table of Contents
Personal Investment Obligations
. As part of our compensation philosophy and program, we require our named executive officers to invest their own capital in and alongside the funds that we manage. We believe that this strengthens the alignment of interests between our named executive officers and the investors in those investment funds. See “—Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence — Investment In or Alongside Our Funds.” In determining compensation for our named executive officers, we do not take into account the gains or losses attributable to the personal investments by our named executive officers in our investment funds.
Minimum Retained Ownership Requirements
. We believe the continued ownership by our named executive officers of significant amounts of our equity affords significant alignment of interests with