subordinated notes in non-consolidated CLO vehicles. Equity investments without a readily determinable fair value had a carrying value of $
356.3
million as of December 31, 2024. In the period of acquisition and upon remeasurement in connection with an observable transaction, such investments are reported at fair value. See Note 7. “Fair Value Measurements of Financial Instruments” for additional detail. Upward and downward adjustments related to such investments held as of December 31, 2024 were $
20.4
million and $
7.6
million, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2024, and $
211.3
million and $
12.4
million on a cumulative basis since the inception of the investments, respectively.
The following table presents Blackstone’s Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) in Other Investments:
Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone Funds enter into derivative contracts in the normal course of business to achieve certain risk management objectives and for general investment and business purposes. Blackstone may enter into derivative contracts in order to hedge its interest rate risk exposure against the effects of interest rate changes. Additionally, Blackstone may also enter into derivative contracts in order to hedge its foreign currency risk exposure against the effects of a portion of its non-U.S. dollar denominated currency net investments. As a result of the use of derivative contracts, Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone Funds are exposed to the risk that counterparties will fail to fulfill their contractual obligations. To mitigate such counterparty risk, Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone Funds enter into contracts with certain major financial institutions, all of which have investment grade ratings. Counterparty credit risk is evaluated in determining the fair value of derivative instruments.
Freestanding Derivatives
Freestanding derivatives are instruments that Blackstone and certain of the consolidated Blackstone Funds have entered into as part of their overall risk management and investment strategies. These derivative contracts are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. Such contracts may include interest rate swaps, foreign exchange contracts, equity swaps, options, futures and other derivative contracts.
18
4
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
The table below summarizes the aggregate notional amount and fair value of the derivative financial instruments. The notional amount represents the absolute value amount of all outstanding derivative contracts.
The table below summarizes the impact to the Consolidated Statements of Operations from derivative financial instruments:
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, Blackstone had not designated any derivatives as fair value, cash flow or net investment hedges.
18
5
Table of Contents
Blackstone