Blackstone ceases to record negative Performance Allocations once previously Accrued Performance Allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. Blackstone is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative Performance Allocations over the life of a fund. The carrying amounts of equity method investments are reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.
Strategic Partners’ results presented in Blackstone’s consolidated financial statements are reported on a three-month lag from Strategic Partners’ fund financial statements, which report the performance of underlying investments generally on a same quarter basis, if available. Therefore, Strategic Partners’ results presented herein do not reflect the impact of economic and market activity in the current quarter. Current quarter market activity of Strategic Partners’ underlying investments is expected to affect Blackstone’s reported results in upcoming periods.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents represents cash on hand, cash held in banks, money market funds and liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Interest income from cash and cash equivalents is recorded in Interest and Dividend Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other
Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other represents cash and cash equivalents held by consolidated Blackstone Funds and other consolidated entities. Such amounts are not available to fund the general liquidity needs of Blackstone.
Accounts Receivable and Due from Affiliates
Accounts Receivable and Due from Affiliates is comprised of management and incentive fees receivable from limited partners, receivables from managed investment vehicles and portfolio companies, placement and advisory fees receivables, receivables relating to unsettled sale transactions and loans extended to affiliates and to unaffiliated third parties. Accounts Receivable, excluding those for which the fair value option has been elected, are assessed periodically for collectability. Amounts determined to be uncollectible are charged directly to General, Administrative and Other Expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Intangibles and Goodwill
Blackstone’s intangible assets consist of contractual rights to earn future fee income, including management and advisory fees, Incentive Fees and Performance Allocations. Identifiable finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from
three
to
twenty years
, reflecting the contractual lives of such assets. Amortization expense is included within General, Administrative and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
Goodwill comprises goodwill arising from the