Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Financial regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our business”, “—Extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. The possibility of increased regulatory focus, could result in additional burdens on our business” and “—Complex regulatory regimes and potential regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the United States could adversely affect our business.”
Available Information, Website and Social Media Disclosure
We file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. These filings are available to the public over the internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
Our principal internet address is www.blackstone.com. We make available free of charge on or through www.blackstone.com our annual reports on
Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q,
current reports on
Form 8-K
and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.
In addition, we may use our website (www.blackstone.com), Facebook page (www.facebook.com/blackstone), X (Twitter) (www.x.com/blackstone), LinkedIn (www.linkedin.com/company/blackstonegroup), Instagram (www.instagram.com/blackstone), SoundCloud (www.soundcloud.com/blackstone-300250613), Pandora (https://www.pandora.com/artist/blackstone/ARvlPz9Plblrlmg), PodBean (www.blackstone.podbean.com), Spotify (https://spoti.fi/2LJ1tHG and https://open.spotify.com/artist/52Eom8vQxM8Lk75ZZlf2hJ), YouTube (www.youtube.com/user/blackstonegroup) and Apple Podcast (https://apple.co/31Pe1Gg) accounts as channels of distribution of company information. The information we post through these channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these channels, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. In addition, you may automatically receive email alerts and other information about Blackstone when you enroll your email address by visiting the “Contact
Us/E-mail
Alerts” section of our website at http://ir.blackstone.com. The contents of our website, any alerts and social media channels are not, however, a part of this report.
Risks Related to Our Business
Difficult market, economic and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition.
Our business is materially affected by financial market and economic conditions and events throughout the world that are outside our control. We may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to these conditions and/or events. Such conditions and/or events can adversely affect our business in many ways, including
22
Table of Contents
reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, reducing the value