deposit at the same financial institution. Cash
withdrawals cannot exceed aggregate cash balances on deposit. The net balance of cash on deposit and overdrafts is used as a basis for calculating net interest expense or income. As of December 31, 2024, the aggregate cash balance on deposit relating to the cash pooling arrangements was $
981.9
million, which was offset and reported net of the accompanying overdraft of $
981.8
million.
On December 6, 2024, Blackstone, through its indirect subsidiary Blackstone Reg Finance Co. L.L.C., issued $
750
million
aggregate principal amount of senior notes due December 6, 2034 pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form
S-3
(the “Registered 2034 Notes”). The Registered 2034 Notes have an interest rate
of
5.000
% per annum, accruing
from December 6, 2024. Interest on the Registered 2034 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 6 and December 6 of each year commencing on June 6, 2025.
All of Blackstone’s outstanding senior notes as of December 31, 2024 are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. or Blackstone Reg Finance Co. L.L.C. (together, the “Issuers”), as applicable, both indirect subsidiaries of Blackstone, that are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Blackstone Inc. and its indirect subsidiaries, Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. (the “Guarantors”). The guarantees are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantors. Transaction costs related to senior note issuances have been capitalized and are amortized over the life of each respective note.
Blackstone borrows and enters into credit agreements for its general operating and investment purposes and certain Blackstone Funds borrow to meet financing needs of their operating and investing activities. Borrowing facilities have been established for the benefit of selected Blackstone Funds. When a Blackstone Fund borrows from the facility in which it participates, the proceeds from the borrowing are strictly limited for its intended use by the borrowing fund and not available for other Blackstone purposes. Blackstone’s credit facilities consist of the following:
197
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
198
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
The following table presents the general characteristics of each of Blackstone’s borrowings as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, as well as their carrying value and fair value. The borrowings are included in Loans Payable within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Each of the Senior Notes were issued at a discount through Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. or