of a meaningful decline in the vehicle’s revenues following a period of strong performance, such offset would serve to reduce the amount of future Performance Revenues to which we would be entitled in such vehicle. In the event that the offset is insufficient for the vehicle to fully recoup such loss carryforward, we may be required to make a cash payment after a certain period.
Poor performance of our investment funds could make it more difficult for us to raise new capital. Investors in funds might decline to invest in future investment funds we raise and investors in hedge funds or other investment funds might withdraw their investments as a result of poor performance of the investment funds in which they are invested. Investors and potential investors in our funds continually assess our investment funds’ performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future investment funds and avoid excessive redemption levels will depend on our investment funds’ continued satisfactory performance. Accordingly, poor fund performance may deter future investment in our funds and thereby decrease the capital invested in our funds and ultimately, our management fee revenue. Alternatively, in the face of poor fund performance, investors could demand lower fees or fee concessions for existing or future funds which would likewise decrease our revenue.
Furthermore, our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines or business, and, from time to time, we may pursue new or different investment strategies and expand into geographic markets and businesses that may not perform as expected and result in poor performance by us and our investment funds. In addition to the risk of poor performance, such activity may subject us to a number of risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with (a) the possibility that we have insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk, (b) the diversion of management’s attention from our core businesses, (c) known or unknown contingent liabilities, which could result in unforeseen losses for us and our funds, (d) the disruption of ongoing businesses, (e) the ability to properly manage conflicts of interest and (f) compliance with additional regulatory requirements.
Our equity investments and some of our debt investments rank junior to investments made by others, exposing us to a greater risk of losing our fund’s investment.
In many cases, the companies in which our funds invest will have indebtedness or equity securities, or may be permitted to incur indebtedness or to issue equity securities, that rank senior to our fund’s investment. By their terms, such instruments may provide that their holders are entitled to receive payments of distributions, interest or principal on or before the dates on which payments are to be made in respect of our fund’s investment. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution,