in the risk spread demanded by sources of indebtedness would make it more expensive to finance those businesses’ investments. See “— High interest rates and challenging debt market conditions have negatively impacted and could continue to negatively impact the values of certain assets or investments and the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to access the capital markets, which could adversely affect investment and realization opportunities, lead to
lower-yielding
investments and potentially decrease our net income.”
Investments in highly leveraged entities are inherently more sensitive to declines in revenues, increases in expenses and interest rates and adverse economic, market and industry developments. The incurrence of a significant amount of indebtedness by an entity could, among other things:
57
Table of Contents
As a result, the risk of loss associated with a leveraged entity is generally greater than for companies with comparatively less debt.
When our funds’ existing portfolio investments reach the point when debt incurred to finance those investments matures in significant amounts and must be either repaid or refinanced, those investments may materially suffer if they have generated insufficient cash flow to repay maturing debt and there is insufficient capacity and availability in the financing markets to permit them to refinance maturing debt on satisfactory terms, or at all. If a limited availability of financing for such purposes were to persist for an extended period of time, when significant amounts of the debt incurred to finance our private equity and real estate funds’ existing portfolio investments came due, these funds could be materially and adversely affected.
Many of the hedge funds in which our funds of hedge funds invest, our
credit-focused
funds and or CLOs, may choose to use leverage as part of their respective investment programs and regularly borrow a substantial amount of their capital. The use of leverage poses a significant degree of risk and enhances the possibility of a significant loss in the value of the investment portfolio. A fund may borrow money from time to time to purchase or carry securities or may enter into derivative transactions (such as total return swaps) with counterparties that have embedded leverage. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection with such borrowing may not be recovered by appreciation in the securities purchased or carried and will be lost
-
and the timing and magnitude of such losses may be accelerated or exacerbated
-
in the event of a decline in the market value of such securities. Gains realized with borrowed funds may cause the fund’s net asset value to increase at a faster rate than would be the case without borrowings. However, if investment results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the fund’s net asset value could also decrease faster than if there had been no borrowings.
Any of the foregoing circumstances could have a material adverse