Real Estate
Our Real Estate business is a global leader in real estate investing, with $315.4 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2024. Our Real Estate segment operates as one globally integrated business with approximately 835 employees and has investments across the globe, including in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Our real estate investment teams seek to utilize our global expertise and presence to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our investors.
Our Blackstone Real Estate Partners (“BREP”) business is geographically diversified and targets a broad range of opportunistic real estate and real estate-related investments. The BREP platform includes global funds as well as funds focused specifically on Europe or Asia investments. BREP seeks to invest thematically in high-quality assets, focusing where we see outsized growth potential driven by global economic and demographic trends. BREP has made significant investments in logistics, data centers, rental housing, hospitality, office and retail properties around the world, as well as in a variety of real estate operating companies.
7
Table of Contents
Our Core+ real estate strategy invests in substantially stabilized real estate globally primarily through perpetual capital vehicles. The strategy includes our (a) Blackstone Property Partners (“BPP”) funds, which are focused on high-quality assets in the Americas, Europe and Asia and (b) our
non-listed
real estate investment trust (“REIT”) Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (“BREIT”) and our Blackstone European Property Income (“BEPIF”) vehicles, which provide income-focused individual investors access to institutional quality real estate primarily in the Americas and Europe, respectively.
Our Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies (“BREDS”) platform primarily targets real estate-related debt investment opportunities. BREDS invests in both public and private markets, primarily in the U.S. and Europe. BREDS’ scale and investment mandates enable it to provide a variety of lending options for our borrowers and investment options for our investors, including commercial real estate and mezzanine loans and liquid real estate-related debt securities. The BREDS platform includes high-yield real estate debt funds, liquid real estate debt funds, capital managed on behalf of our Credit & Insurance segment, and Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. (“BXMT”), a NYSE-listed REIT.
Private Equity
Our Private Equity segment encompasses global businesses with a total of approximately 675 employees managing $352.2 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2024. Our Private Equity segment includes (a) Private Equity Strategies (described below), (b) Infrastructure, which includes (1) our infrastructure-focused funds for institutional investors with a primary focus on the U.S. and Europe (Blackstone Infrastructure Partners or “BIP”) and (2) a private wealth-focused platform offering eligible individual investors