capabilities. Through this platform, we provide our clients tailored portfolio construction, strategic asset allocation, and specialized analytical tools. While focusing on policyholder protection, we seek to achieve risk-managed, liability-matched and capital-efficient returns, as well as diversification and capital preservation. We also provide similar services to clients through SMAs or by sub-managing assets for certain insurance-dedicated funds and special purpose vehicles.
Multi-Asset Investing
Our Multi-Asset Investing segment (“BXMA”) is the world’s largest discretionary allocator to hedge funds and seeks to grow investors’ assets through investment strategies designed to deliver, primarily through the public markets, compelling risk-adjusted returns.
BXMA is organized into two primary platforms: Absolute Return and Multi-Strategy. Absolute Return is designed to pursue consistent, efficient and diversifying returns across multiple market environments. Absolute Return manages a broad range of commingled and customized fund solutions, a seeding business and registered funds that provide alternative asset solutions through daily liquidity products. Multi-Strategy aims to generate strong risk-adjusted returns through opportunistic, asset-class agnostic investing, including structured risk transfer and equity capital markets strategies.
BXMA also includes a platform managed by Harvest Fund Advisors LLC (“Harvest”), which primarily invests in publicly traded energy infrastructure, renewables and master limited partnerships holding midstream energy assets in North America.
Business Environment
Blackstone’s businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S., Europe, Asia and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world.
Global markets experienced significant volatility in the first quarter of 2025, driven by concerns over the imposition of import tariffs by the U.S. and subsequent retaliation by U.S. trade partners, proposed U.S. government spending cutbacks and a weakening U.S. Dollar. The potential implications for an economic slowdown and inflation also fueled volatility. The 10-year U.S. Treasury yield decreased 36 basis points in the first quarter to 4.21% and remained at that level as of April 28, 2025. Meanwhile, three-month SOFR declined 8 basis points in the first quarter, to 4.41%. The U.S. Dollar depreciated against major currencies, including the Pound Sterling, Euro, Canadian Dollar, and Indian Rupee.
Most major equity markets declined in the first quarter. The total return of the S&P 500 index was (4.3)%, with the largest declines in the consumer discretionary and information technology sectors of 13.8% and 12.7%, respectively. The energy sector was an outlier, increasing 10.2% on expectations of tightening supply and ongoing inflationary pressure. Equity market volatility increased significantly, with the CBOE Volatility Index up 28.4%. In credit markets, the Morningstar