principal market in which the security trades, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market on the valuation date. When a quoted price in an active market exists, no block discounts or control premiums are permitted regardless of the size of the public security held. In some cases, securities will include legal and contractual restrictions limiting their purchase and sale for a period of time. A discount to the publicly traded price may be appropriate in instances where a legal restriction is a characteristic of the security, such as may be required under SEC Rule 144. The amount of the discount, if taken, shall be determined based on the time period that must pass before the restricted security becomes unrestricted or otherwise available for sale.
Fair Value of Investments or Instruments That Are Not Publicly Traded
Investments for which market prices are not observable include private investments in the equity or debt of operating companies or real estate properties. Our primary methodology for determining the fair values of such investments is generally the income approach which provides an indication of fair value based on the present value of cash flows that a business, security, or property is expected to generate in the future. The most widely used methodology under the income approach is the discounted cash flow method which includes significant assumptions about the underlying investment’s projected net earnings or cash flows, discount rate, capitalization rate and exit multiple. Our secondary methodology, generally used to corroborate the results of the income approach, is typically the market approach. The most widely used methodology under the market approach relies upon valuations for comparable public companies, transactions, or assets, and includes making judgments about which companies, transactions, or assets are comparable. Depending on the facts and circumstances associated with the investment, different primary and secondary methodologies may be used including option value, contingent claims or scenario analysis, yield analysis, projected cash flow through maturity or expiration, discount to sale, probability weighted methods or recent round of financing.
In certain cases, debt and equity securities are valued on the basis of prices from an orderly transaction between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. In determining the value of a particular investment, pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such investments, quotations from dealers, pricing matrices and market transactions in comparable investments and various relationships between investments.
125
Table of Contents
Management Process on Fair Value
Due to the importance of fair value throughout the condensed consolidated financial statements and the significant judgment required to be applied in arriving at those fair values, we have developed a process around valuation that