investments. As a result, we may face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption with respect to this information. Measures we take to ensure the integrity of our systems may not provide adequate protection, especially because cyberattack techniques are continually evolving, may persist undetected over extended periods of time, and may not be mitigated in a timely manner to prevent or minimize the impact of an attack on Blackstone, our investors, our portfolio companies or potential investments. If our systems or those of
third-party
service providers are compromised either as a result of malicious activity or through inadvertent transmittal or other loss of data, do not operate properly or are disabled, or we fail to provide the appropriate regulatory or other notifications in a timely manner, we could suffer financial loss, increased costs, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our counterparties, investment funds or fund investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. The costs related to cyber or other data security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means.
35
Table of Contents
In addition, we could also suffer losses in connection with updates to, or the failure to timely update, the technology platforms on which we rely. We are reliant on
third-party
service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for the administration of certain funds, as well as for certain technology platforms, including
cloud-based
services. These
third-party
service providers also face ongoing cybersecurity threats and compromises of their systems. These cybersecurity threats and compromises could occur as a result of threat actors impersonating Blackstone or its employees, including through the use of artificial intelligence technologies. Such technologies could make such impersonation more likely to occur or appear more credible. As a result, unauthorized individuals could gain, and in some past instances have gained, access to certain confidential data.
Cybersecurity, privacy and data protection have become top priorities for regulators around the world. Many jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, including, as examples, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) in the European Union, the U.K. Data Protection Act, and the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”). Some jurisdictions have also enacted or proposed laws requiring companies to notify individuals and government agencies of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. For example, in February 2022, the SEC proposed rules regarding registered investment advisers’ and funds’ cybersecurity risk management requiring the adoption and implementation of cybersecurity policies and procedures, enhanced disclosure in regulatory filings and prompt reporting of incidents to the SEC. if adopted, such rules could increase our compliance