securities, including risks relating to:
60
Table of Contents
In addition, investments in companies that are based outside of the United States may be negatively impacted by restrictions on international trade or the imposition of tariffs, which have been an area of focus for the current U.S. Presidential administration. See “— Trade negotiations and related government actions may create regulatory uncertainty for our funds’ portfolio companies and our investment strategies and adversely affect the profitability of our funds’ portfolio companies.”
We may not have sufficient cash to pay back “clawback” obligations if and when they are triggered under the governing agreements with our investors.
In certain circumstances, at the end of the life of a carry fund (and earlier with respect to certain of our funds), we may be obligated to repay the amount by which Performance Allocations that were previously distributed to us exceed the amounts to which the relevant general partner is ultimately entitled on an
after-tax
basis. This includes situations in which the general partner receives in excess of the relevant Performance Allocations applicable to the fund as applied to the fund’s cumulative net profits over the life of the fund or, in some cases, the fund has not achieved investment returns that exceed the preferred return threshold. This obligation is known as a “clawback” obligation and is an obligation of any person who received such Performance Allocations, including us and other participants in our Performance Allocations plans. Although a portion of any dividends by us to our stockholders may include any Performance Allocations received by us, we do not intend to seek fulfillment of any clawback obligation by seeking to have our stockholders return any portion of such dividends attributable to Performance Allocations associated with any clawback obligation. To the extent we are required to fulfill a clawback obligation, however, our board of directors may determine to decrease the amount of our dividends to our stockholders. The clawback obligation operates with respect to a given carry fund’s own net investment performance only and performance of other funds are not netted for determining this contingent obligation.
Adverse economic conditions may increase the likelihood that one or more of our carry funds may be subject to clawback obligations. To the extent one or more clawback obligations were to occur for any one or more carry funds, we might not have available cash at the time such clawback obligation is triggered to repay the Performance Allocations and satisfy such obligation. If we were unable to repay such Performance Allocations, we would be in breach of the governing agreements with our investors and could be subject to liability. Moreover, although a clawback obligation is several, the governing agreements of most of our funds provide that to the extent another recipient of Performance Allocations (such as a current or former