comprised of the following:
This adjustment removes Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items, which are excluded from Blackstone’s segment presentation. Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items arise from corporate actions including acquisitions, divestitures, Blackstone’s initial public offering and non-recurring gains, losses, or other charges, if any. They consist primarily of equity-based compensation charges, gains and losses on contingent consideration arrangements, changes in the balance of the Tax Receivable Agreement resulting from a change in tax law or similar event, transaction costs, gains or losses associated with these corporate actions and non-recurring gains, losses or other charges that affect period-to-period comparability and are not reflective of Blackstone’s operational performance. For the year ended December 31, 2024, this adjustment includes removal of an accrual for a liability for a legal matter.
Represents the impact of the out-of-period adjustment made during the year ended December 31, 2022 to revise the book investment basis used to calculate deferred tax assets and the deferred tax provision.
The volatility of the historical performance of the underlying reference entity is used to project the expected returns relevant for the fair value of the derivative.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, Other Liabilities includes Level III Contingent Consideration and Level III Corporate Treasury Commitments.
Straight-line lease cost includes short-term leases, which are immaterial.
Variable lease cost approximates variable lease cash payments.
Excludes signed leases that have not yet commenced.
Represents (1) the add back of net management fees earned from consolidated Blackstone Funds which have been eliminated in consolidation, and (2) the removal of amounts attributable to the reimbursement of certain expenses by the Blackstone Funds and certain NAV-based fee arrangements, which are presented on a gross basis under GAAP but as a reduction of Management and Advisory Fees, Net in the Total Segment measures.
Represents the add back of Performance Revenues earned from consolidated Blackstone Funds which have been eliminated in consolidation.
Represents the removal of Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items that are not recorded in the Total Segment measures.
Represents the (1) removal of Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items that are not recorded in the Total Segment measures, (2) removal of amounts attributable to certain expenses that are reimbursed by the Blackstone Funds and certain NAV-based fee arrangements, which are presented on a gross basis under GAAP but as a reduction of Management and Advisory Fees, Net in the Total Segment measures, and (3) a reduction equal to an administrative fee collected on a quarterly basis from certain holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units which is accounted for as a capital contribution under GAAP, but is reflected as a reduction of Other Operating Expenses in