from 1997 to June 2012. Prior to becoming Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, she also served as President of O&M Direct North America, Ogilvy & Mather New York, and Ogilvy & Mather North America. Ms. Lazarus currently serves on the boards of Rockefeller Capital Management, Organon, World Wildlife Fund, Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts and the Partnership for New York City. She also previously served on the boards of directors of General Electric Company and Merck & Co. Ms. Lazarus is a trustee of the New York Presbyterian Hospital and is a member of the Board of Overseers of Columbia Business School.
William G. Parrett
is a member of our board of directors. Mr. Parrett joined the board of directors in November 2007. Until May 2007, Mr. Parrett served as the Chief Executive Officer of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and Senior Partner of Deloitte (USA). Certain of the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu or their subsidiaries and affiliates provide professional services to Blackstone or its affiliates. Mr. Parrett
co-founded
the Global Financial Services Industry practice of Deloitte and served as its first Chairman. Mr. Parrett is a member of the board of directors and the nominating and governance committee of Oracle Corporation. Mr. Parrett is a senior advisor to the New York Foundation for Senior Citizens. Mr. Parrett was also previously a member of the boards of directors of Eastman Kodak Company, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., UBS AG, UBS Americas, Conduent Inc. and ThoughtWorks, Inc. Mr. Parrett is a past Senior Trustee of the United States Council for International Business and a past Chairman of the Board of Trustees of United Way Worldwide. Mr. Parrett is a Certified Public Accountant with an active license.
Ruth Porat
is a member of the board of directors of Blackstone. Ms. Porat joined the board of directors in June 2020. Ms. Porat is President and Chief Investment Officer of Alphabet and Google. She joined Google as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in May 2015 and has held the same title at Alphabet since it was created in October 2015. She has served as President and Chief Investment Officer of Alphabet and Google since September 2023. As President and Chief Investment Officer, she has responsibility for, among other things, their corporate investments and investment vehicles, including GV and CapG, the Other Bets investment portfolio, Real Estate and Workplace Services, and other infrastructure. The role also includes engaging with policymakers and regulators globally regarding their contributions to economic growth, job creation and opportunity, competitiveness, and infrastructure expansion. Prior to joining Google, Ms. Porat was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Morgan Stanley and held roles there that included Vice Chairman of Investment Banking,
Co-Head
of Technology Investment Banking and Global Head of the Financial Institutions Group. Ms. Porat is a member of the boards of