reorganization or bankruptcy of a company in which an investment is made, holders of securities ranking senior to our fund’s investment would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before distributions could be made in respect of our fund’s investment. In addition, debt investments made
52
Table of Contents
by our funds in our portfolio companies may be equitably subordinated to the debt investments made by third parties in our portfolio companies. After repaying senior security holders, the company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying amounts owed in respect of our fund’s investment. To the extent any assets remain, holders of claims that rank equally with our fund’s investment would be entitled to share on an equal and ratable basis in distributions that are made out of those assets. Under such circumstances, the ability of our funds to influence a company’s affairs and to take actions to protect their investments during periods of financial distress or following an insolvency may be limited, exposing them to a greater risk of losing their investment.
The historical returns attributable to our funds should not be considered as indicative of the future results of our funds or of our future results or of any returns expected on an investment in common stock.
The historical and potential future returns of the investment funds that we manage are not directly linked to returns on our common stock. Therefore, any continued positive performance of the investment funds that we manage will not necessarily result in positive returns on an investment in our common stock. However, poor performance of the investment funds that we manage would cause a decline in our revenue from such investment funds, and would therefore have a negative effect on our performance and in all likelihood the returns on an investment in our common stock. Moreover, with respect to the historical returns of our investment funds:
The future internal rate of return for any current or future fund may vary considerably from the historical internal rate of return generated by any particular fund, or for our funds as a whole. In addition, future returns will be affected by the applicable risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
10-K,
including risks of the industries and businesses in which a particular fund invests.
Certain policies and procedures implemented to mitigate potential conflicts of interest and address certain regulatory requirements may reduce the synergies across our various businesses.
Because of our various asset management businesses and our capital markets services business, we will be subject to a number of actual and potential conflicts of interest and subject to greater regulatory oversight and more legal and contractual restrictions than that to which we would otherwise be subject if we had just one line of
53
Table of Contents
business. To mitigate these conflicts and address regulatory, legal and contractual requirements