certain
climate-related
initiatives, commitments and goals in our SEC filings or in other disclosures, which subjects us to additional risks, including the risk of being accused of greenwashing.
Certain of our funds’ portfolio companies operate in sectors that could face transition risk. For certain of our funds’ portfolio companies, business trends related to climate change may require capital expenditures, product or service redesigns, and changes to operations and supply chains to meet changing customer expectations. While this can create opportunities, not addressing these changed expectations could create business risks for portfolio companies, which could negatively impact the value of such companies and the returns in our funds. For example, significant chronic or acute physical effects of climate change, including extreme weather events such as hurricanes, floods, or wildfires, can have an adverse impact on certain of our funds’ portfolio companies and investments, especially our real asset investments and portfolio companies that rely on physical factories, plants, stores or other assets located in the affected areas, or that focus on tourism or recreational travel. As the effects of climate change increase, we expect the frequency and impact of
weather-
and
climate-related
events and conditions to increase as well.
In addition, our reputation and fundraising may be harmed if certain stakeholders, such as our limited partners or stockholders, believe that we are not adequately or appropriately responding to climate change or, conversely, are focusing on climate change in a way that is inconsistent with our fiduciary duty obligations, including through the way in which we operate our business, the composition of our funds’ existing portfolios, the new investments made by our funds, or the decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to climate change considerations. Moreover, we face business trends related to climate change risks, such as, for example, the increased attention to sustainability considerations by our fund investors, including in connection with their determination of whether to invest in our funds. See “—We are subject to increasing scrutiny from regulators, elected officials, stockholders, investors and other stakeholders with respect to sustainability matters, which may adversely impact our ability to raise capital from certain investors, constrain capital deployment opportunities for our funds and harm our brand and reputation.”
42
Table of Contents
Financial regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our business.
The financial services industry continues to be the subject of heightened regulatory scrutiny in the United States. There has been active debate over the appropriate extent of regulation and oversight of private investment funds and their managers. Our business may be adversely affected by new or revised regulations imposed by the SEC or other U.S.