Realizations was attributable to an increase of $49.3 million in Realized Performance Compensation and a decrease of $23.9 million in Realized Principal Investment Income, partially offset by an increase of $48.6 million in Realized Performance Revenues.
Realized Performance Compensation was $633.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, an increase of $49.3 million, compared to $584.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increases in Realized Performance Compensation in Corporate Private Equity and Tactical Opportunities, partially offset by decreases in Secondaries.
Realized Principal Investment Income was $52.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, a decrease of $23.9 million, compared to $76.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to decreases in Realized Principal Investment Income in Corporate Private Equity.
Realized Performance Revenues were $1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024, an increase of $48.6 million, compared to $1.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increases in Realized Performance Revenues in Tactical Opportunities and Corporate Private Equity, partially offset by decreases in Secondaries.
Fund Returns
Fund returns information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of Blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. An investment in Blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.
120
Table of Contents
The following table presents the internal rates of return of our significant private equity funds:
The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of Blackstone.
121
Table of Contents
Funds With Closed Investment Periods as of December 31, 2024
The Corporate Private Equity funds have eleven funds with closed investment periods: BCP IV, BCP V, BCP VI, BCP VII, BCP VIII, BCOM, BEP I, BEP II, BEP III, BCEP I and BCP Asia I. As of December 31, 2024, BCP IV was above its carried interest threshold (i.e., the preferred return payable to its limited partners before the general partner is eligible to receive carried interest) and would still be above its carried interest threshold even if all remaining investments were valued at zero. BCP V is comprised of two fund classes, the BCP V “main fund” and
BCP V-AC
fund. Within these fund classes, the general partner is subject to equalization such that (a) the general partner accrues carried interest when the respective carried interest for either fund class is positive and (b) the general partner realizes carried