are a form of variable consideration in Blackstone’s contracts with customers to provide investment management services. Incentive Fees are earned based on performance of the vehicle during the period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, or high water marks, in accordance with the respective terms set out in each vehicle’s governing agreements. Incentive Fees will not be recognized as revenue until (a) it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur, or (b) the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Incentive Fees are typically recognized as revenue when realized at the end of the measurement period. Once realized, such fees are not subject to clawback or reversal. Accrued but unpaid Incentive Fees charged directly to investors in Blackstone vehicles as of the reporting date are recorded within Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.
167
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Investment Income (Loss)
— Investment Income (Loss) represents the unrealized and realized gains and losses on Blackstone’s Performance Allocations and Principal Investments.
In carry fund structures and certain open-ended structures, Blackstone, through its subsidiaries, invests alongside its limited partners in a partnership and is entitled to its pro-rata share of the results of the fund vehicle (a “pro-rata allocation”). In addition to a pro-rata allocation, and assuming certain investment returns are achieved, Blackstone is entitled to a disproportionate allocation of the income otherwise allocable to the limited partners, commonly referred to as carried interest (“Performance Allocations”).
Performance Allocations are made to the general partner based either on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to limited partners or based on vehicle performance over a period of time, subject to a high water mark and preferred return to investors. At the end of each reporting period, Blackstone calculates the balance of accrued Performance Allocations (“Accrued Performance Allocations”) that would be due to Blackstone for each fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. As the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as Accrued Performance Allocations to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to Blackstone to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to the Accrued