the measurement of deferred tax balances (including any valuation allowances) and the accounting for Goodwill and equity-based compensation. Actual results could differ from those estimates and such differences could be material.
Consolidation
Blackstone consolidates all entities that it controls through a majority voting interest or otherwise, including those Blackstone Funds in which the general partner has a controlling financial interest. Blackstone has a controlling financial interest in Blackstone Holdings because the limited partners do not have the right to dissolve the partnerships or have substantive kick-out rights or participating rights that would overcome the control held by Blackstone. Accordingly, Blackstone consolidates Blackstone Holdings and records non-controlling interests to reflect the economic interests of the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings.
1
6
5
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
In addition, Blackstone consolidates all variable interest entities (“VIE”) for which it is the primary beneficiary. An enterprise is determined to be the primary beneficiary if it holds a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is defined as (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The consolidation guidance requires an analysis to determine (a) whether an entity in which Blackstone holds a variable interest is a VIE and (b) whether Blackstone’s involvement, through holding interests directly or indirectly in the entity or contractually through other variable interests, would give it a controlling financial interest. Performance of that analysis requires the exercise of judgment.
Blackstone determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE at the time it becomes involved with a variable interest entity and continuously reconsiders that conclusion. In determining whether Blackstone is the primary beneficiary, Blackstone evaluates its control rights as well as economic interests in the entity held either directly or indirectly by Blackstone. The consolidation analysis can generally be performed qualitatively; however, if it is not readily apparent that Blackstone is not the primary beneficiary, a quantitative analysis may also be performed. Investments and redemptions (either by Blackstone, affiliates of Blackstone or third parties) or amendments to the governing documents of the respective Blackstone Funds could affect an entity’s status as a VIE or the determination of the primary beneficiary. At each reporting date, Blackstone assesses whether it is the primary beneficiary and will consolidate or deconsolidate accordingly.
Assets of consolidated