appeal. The Blackstone Defendants also filed a cross-appeal from the denial of the motions to dismiss, which the Kentucky Court of Appeals dismissed on jurisdictional grounds on April 9, 2025.
In April 2021, the AG filed an action (the “Declaratory Judgment Action”) against BLP and the other fund manager defendants from the Mayberry Action in Franklin County Circuit Court, seeking a declaration that certain provisions in the subscription agreements with KRS violate the Kentucky Constitution. In August 2024, the Kentucky Supreme Court granted BLP’s motion for discretionary review of the Circuit Court’s grant of summary judgment to the AG. The appeal is pending.
In July 2021, BLP filed a breach-of-contract action against defendants affiliated with KRS, alleging that the Mayberry Action and the Declaratory Judgment Action breach the parties’ subscription agreements and seeking damages. In February 2024, the Kentucky Supreme Court granted BLP’s motion for discretionary review of the Circuit Court’s dismissal on ripeness grounds. The appeal is fully briefed and pending.
On January 3, 2025,
we and several other defendants
entered into a settlement agreement with KRS and the Commonwealth of Kentucky to, subject to approval by the
Franklin County Circuit Court
and certain requirements, resolve all claims against these defendants in the AG’s actions, resolve BLP’s breach-of-contract claims, and bar all claims against the Blackstone Defendants in
Taylor I and Taylor II
without any admission of wrongdoing. The settlement includes an $
82.5
million cash settlement divided among several defendants, of which our portion is expected to be covered by insurance. On January 8, 2025, the settling parties moved for court approval of the settlement. Taylor II plaintiffs objected and requested, in part, that the court refer their matter to mediation. After mediation did not result in an agreement, the court held an approval hearing for the defendants’ settlement with KRS and the Commonwealth on March 26, 2025. The decision remains pending. Our financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2025 include an accrual for the estimated liability related to this matter.
Contingent Obligations (Clawback)
Performance Allocations are subject to clawback to the extent that the Performance Allocations received to date with respect to a fund exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results of that fund. The actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain Blackstone funds, which may have an interim clawback liability. The lives of the funds,
including
available contemplated extensions, for which a liability for potential clawback obligations has been recorded for financial
49
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
reporting