accordance with the terms and circumstances of the individual fund. Generally the customer is identified as the investors in its
14
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
managed funds and investment vehicles, but for certain widely held funds or vehicles, the fund or vehicle itself may be identified as the customer. These customer contracts require Blackstone to provide investment management services, which represents a performance obligation that Blackstone satisfies over time. Management fees are a form of variable consideration because the fees Blackstone is entitled to vary based on fluctuations in the basis for the management fee. The amount recorded as revenue is generally determined at the end of the period because these management fees are payable on a regular basis (typically quarterly) and are not subject to clawback once paid.
Transaction, advisory and other fees are principally fees charged to the investors of funds indirectly through the managed funds and portfolio companies. The investment advisory agreements generally require that the investment adviser reduce the amount of management fees payable by the investors to Blackstone (“management fee reductions”) by an amount equal to a portion of the transaction and other fees paid to Blackstone by the portfolio companies. The amount of the reduction varies by fund, the type of fee paid by the portfolio company and the previously incurred expenses of the fund. These fees and associated management fee reductions are a component of the transaction price for Blackstone’s performance obligation to provide investment management services to the investors of funds and are recognized as changes to the transaction price in the period in which they are charged and the services are performed.
Management fee offsets are reductions to management fees payable by the investors of the Blackstone Funds, which are based on the amount such investors reimburse the Blackstone Funds or Blackstone primarily for placement fees. Providing investment management services requires Blackstone to arrange for services on behalf of its customers. In those situations where Blackstone is acting as an agent on behalf of the investors of funds, it presents the cost of services as net against management fee revenue. In all other situations, Blackstone is primarily responsible for fulfilling the services and is therefore acting as a principal for those arrangements. As a result, the cost of those services is presented as Compensation or General, Administrative and Other expense, as appropriate, with any reimbursement from the investors of the funds recorded as Management and Advisory Fees, Net. In cases where the investors of the funds are determined to be the customer in an arrangement, placement fees may be capitalized as a cost to acquire a customer contract.