hold strategy to large-scale infrastructure assets with a focus on delivering stable, long-term capital appreciation together with a predictable annual cash flow yield. BXINFRA invests primarily in infrastructure equity, secondaries and credit strategies, leveraging Blackstone’s infrastructure talent and investment capabilities to create an attractive portfolio of alternative infrastructure investments.
BXLS invests across the life cycle of companies and products within the life sciences sector. BXLS primarily focuses on investments in life sciences products in late-stage clinical development within the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical technology sectors.
BXG seeks to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns by investing in dynamic, growth-stage businesses, with a focus on the consumer, consumer technology, enterprise solutions, financial services and healthcare sectors.
BXPE invests primarily in privately negotiated, equity-oriented investments, leveraging Blackstone’s private equity talent and investment capabilities to create an attractive portfolio of alternative investments diversified across geographies and sectors.
Credit & Insurance
Our Credit & Insurance segment (“BXCI”) offers its clients and borrowers a comprehensive solution across corporate and asset based credit, including investment grade and non-investment grade. BXCI is one of the largest credit managers and CLO managers in the world. The investment portfolios BXCI’s credit platform manages or sub-advises consist primarily of loans and securities of non-investment and investment grade companies spread across the capital structure including senior debt, subordinated debt, preferred stock and common equity.
BXCI is organized into three overarching credit investing strategies: private corporate credit, liquid corporate credit and infrastructure and asset based credit. The private corporate credit strategies include mezzanine and direct lending funds, private placement strategies, stressed/distressed strategies and SMAs. The direct lending funds include Blackstone Private Credit Fund (“BCRED”), Blackstone Secured Lending Fund (“BXSL”), both of which are business development companies (“BDCs”), as well as Blackstone European Private Credit Fund (“ECRED”).
64
Table of Contents
The liquid corporate credit strategies consist of CLOs, closed-ended funds, open-ended funds, systematic strategies and SMAs. The infrastructure and asset based credit strategies include energy strategies (including our sustainable resources platform) and asset based finance strategies focused on privately originated, income-oriented credit assets secured by physical, financial or residential real estate collateral.
Our insurance platform focuses on providing full investment management services for insurance and reinsurance accounts, seeking to deliver customized and diversified portfolios consisting primarily of investment grade credit, including through Blackstone’s private credit origination