These include timing of realizations, changes in the valuations of our funds’ investments, changes in the amount of distributions, dividends or interest paid in respect of investments, changes in our operating expenses and the degree to which we encounter competition. Each of these factors may be impacted by economic and market conditions. Achieving steady growth in net income and cash flow on a quarterly basis may be difficult, which could in turn lead to large adverse movements or general increased volatility in the price of our common stock. We do not provide guidance regarding our expected quarterly and annual operating results. The lack of guidance may affect the expectations of public market analysts and could cause increased volatility in our common stock price.
26
Table of Contents
For certain of our perpetual capital vehicles, including certain Core+ real estate funds, infrastructure focused funds, BCRED and other of our perpetual capital vehicles, that have in recent years become increasingly large contributors to our earnings, incentive income is paid to us in varying frequencies, ranging from quarterly to every five years. This contributes to the volatility of our cash flow. Furthermore, we earn this incentive income only if the net asset value of a vehicle has increased or, in the case of certain vehicles, increased beyond a particular return threshold, or if the vehicle has earned a net profit. Certain of these vehicles also have “high water marks” whereby we do not earn incentive income during a particular period even though the vehicle had positive returns in such period as a result of losses in prior periods. If one of these vehicles experiences losses, we will not earn incentive income from it until it surpasses the previous
high-water
mark. The incentive income we earn is therefore dependent on the net asset value or the net profit of the vehicle, which could lead to significant volatility in our results.
For our carry funds, we receive Performance Allocations only when investments are realized and achieve a certain preferred return. This also contributes to the volatility of our cash flow. Performance Allocations depend on our carry funds’ performance and opportunities for realizing gains, which may be limited. It takes a substantial period of time to realize the cash value (or other proceeds) of an investment. Even if an investment proves to be profitable, it may be a number of years before any profits can be realized, particularly if market conditions are unaccommodating. We cannot predict when, or if, any realization of investments will occur. In addition, the valuations of, and realization opportunities for, investments made by our funds, could also be subject to high volatility as a result of uncertainty or potential changes to governmental policy with respect to, among other things, tax, trade, immigration, healthcare, labor, infrastructure and energy.
Prior to our receiving any Performance Allocations in respect of