presented. The composite returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of Blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund or composite. An investment in Blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds or composites. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or composites or our other existing and future funds or composites will achieve similar returns.
105
Table of Contents
The following table presents the return information of the Absolute Return Composite:
The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of Blackstone.
Operating Metrics
The following table presents information regarding our Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management:
106
Table of Contents
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
These non-GAAP financial measures are presented without the consolidation of any Blackstone Funds that are consolidated into the condensed consolidated financial statements. Consequently, all non-GAAP financial measures exclude the assets, liabilities and operating results related to the Blackstone Funds. See “—Key Financial Measures and Indicators” for our definitions of Distributable Earnings, Segment Distributable Earnings, Fee Related Earnings and Adjusted EBITDA.
107
Table of Contents
The following table is a reconciliation of Net Income Attributable to Blackstone Inc. to Distributable Earnings, Total Segment Distributable Earnings, Fee Related Earnings and Adjusted EBITDA:
108
Table of Contents
109
Table of Contents
110
Table of Contents
The following tables are a reconciliation of Total GAAP Investments to Net Accrued Performance Revenues. Total GAAP Investments and Net Accrued Performance Revenues consist of the following:
Liquidity and Capital Resources
General
Blackstone’s business model derives revenue primarily from third-party Assets Under Management. Blackstone is not a capital or balance sheet intensive business and targets operating expense levels such that total management and advisory fees exceed total operating expenses each period. As a result, we require limited capital resources to support the working capital or operating needs of our businesses. We draw primarily on the long-term committed or invested capital of investors in our investment vehicles to fund the investment requirements of the Blackstone Funds and use our own realizations and cash flows to invest in growth initiatives, make commitments to our own funds, where our minimum general partner commitments are generally less than 5% of the limited partner commitments of a fund, and pay dividends to stockholders and distributions to holders of Holdings Units.
Fluctuations in our statement of financial condition result primarily from activities of the Blackstone Funds that are consolidated as well as business transactions, such as the issuance of senior notes. The majority economic ownership interests of such