directors of the Council on Foreign Relations and Bloomberg Philanthropies, and the Board of Trustees of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. She previously spent ten years on Stanford University’s Board of Trustees and on the Board of the Stanford Management Company. Ms. Porat holds a BA from Stanford University, an MSc from The London School of Economics and an MBA from the Wharton School.
Governance and Board Composition
Our capital stock consists of common stock, Series I preferred stock and Series II preferred stock. Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law, holders of our common stock are entitled to vote, together with holders of our Series I preferred stock, voting as a single class, on a number of significant matters, including certain sales, exchanges or other dispositions of all or substantially all of our assets, a merger, consolidation or other business combination, the removal of the Series II Preferred Stockholder and forced transfer by the Series II Preferred Stockholder (as defined below) of its shares of Series II preferred stock and the designation of a successor Series II Preferred Stockholder. The single share of outstanding Series II preferred stock is currently held by Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. (the “Series II Preferred Stockholder”), an entity owned by our senior managing directors and controlled by our
Co-Founder,
Mr. Schwarzman.
233
Table of Contents
The Series II Preferred Stockholder elects our board of directors in accordance with the Series II Preferred Stockholder’s limited liability company agreement, where our senior managing directors have agreed that our
Co-Founder,
Mr. Schwarzman, will have the power to vote upon, act upon, consent to, approve or otherwise determine any matters to be voted upon, acted upon, consented to, approved or otherwise determined by the members of the Series II Preferred Stockholder. The limited liability company agreement of our Series II Preferred Stockholder provides that at such time as Mr. Schwarzman should cease to be a founding member, Jonathan D. Gray will thereupon succeed Mr. Schwarzman as the sole founding member of our Series II Preferred Stockholder, and thereafter such power will revert to the members of Series II Preferred Stockholder holding a majority in interest in the Series II Preferred Stockholder.
In identifying candidates for membership on the board of directors, Mr. Schwarzman, acting on behalf of the Series II Preferred Stockholder, takes into account (a) minimum individual qualifications, such as strength of character, mature judgment, industry knowledge or experience and an ability to work collegially with the other members of the board of directors, and (b) all other factors he considers appropriate.
After conducting an initial evaluation of a candidate, Mr. Schwarzman will interview that candidate if he believes the candidate might be suitable to be a director and may also ask the candidate to meet with other