damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts incurred by any Indemnitee. We have agreed to provide this indemnification if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of Blackstone, and with respect to any alleged conduct resulting in a criminal proceeding against the Indemnitee, such person had no reasonable cause to believe that such person’s conduct was unlawful. We have also agreed to provide this indemnification for criminal proceedings.
The Series II Preferred Stockholder may transfer its interest in the sole share of Series II preferred stock which could materially alter our operations.
Without the approval of any other stockholder, the Series II Preferred Stockholder may transfer the sole outstanding share of our Series II preferred stock held by it to a third party upon receipt of approval to do so by our board of directors and satisfaction of certain other requirements. Further, the members or other interest holders of the Series II Preferred Stockholder may sell or transfer all or part of their outstanding equity or other interests in the Series II Preferred Stockholder at any time without our approval. A new holder of our Series II preferred stock or new controlling members of the Series II Preferred Stockholder may appoint directors to our board of directors who have a different philosophy and/or investment objectives from those of our current directors. A new holder of our Series II Preferred stock, new controlling members of the Series II Preferred Stockholder and/or the directors they appoint to our board of directors could also have a different philosophy for the management of our business, including the hiring and compensation of our investment professionals. If any of the foregoing were to occur, we could experience difficulty in forming new funds and other investment vehicles and in making new investments, and the value of our existing investments, our business, our results of operations and our financial condition could materially suffer.
We intend to pay regular dividends to holders of our common stock, but our ability to do so may be limited by cash flow from operations and available liquidity, our holding company structure, applicable provisions of Delaware law and contractual restrictions.
Our intention to pay to holders of common stock a quarterly dividend representing approximately 85% of Blackstone Inc.’s share of Distributable Earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by Blackstone’s board of directors to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of its business, to make appropriate investments in its business and our funds, to comply with applicable law, any of its debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as
tax-related
payments, clawback obligations and