and AI Technologies, including efficiency improvements, without related increases in the adoption and development of such technologies, could also negatively impact demand for, and the valuation of, digital infrastructure assets, a sector to which certain of our investment strategies have significant exposure.
Through our use of AI technologies, we avail ourselves of the potential benefits, insights and efficiencies resulting from these technologies. For example, our employees can utilize internal generative
AI-powered
applications to help summarize, search or translate documents or gather information on a wide variety of topics. However, these technologies also present a number of potential risks that cannot be fully mitigated. If the data we, or third parties whose services we rely on, use in connection with the possible development or deployment of AI Technologies is incomplete, inadequate or biased in some way, the performance of our products, services, and businesses could suffer. Data in models that AI Technologies utilize are likely to contain a degree of inaccuracy and error, which could result in flawed algorithms. This could reduce the effectiveness of AI Technologies and adversely impact us and our operations to the extent we rely on the work product of such AI Technologies in such operations. The volume and reliance on data and algorithms also make AI Technologies, and in turn us and our portfolio companies and investments, more susceptible to cybersecurity threats, including the compromise of underlying models, training data, or other intellectual property. We, our funds, our portfolio companies and our funds’ investments could be exposed to risks to the extent
third-party
service providers, or any counterparties use AI Technologies in their business activities. There is also a risk that AI Technologies may be misused or misappropriated by our employees and/or third parties engaged by us. For example, a user may input confidential information, including material
non-public
information or personal identifiable information, into AI Technology applications, resulting in such information becoming part of a dataset that is accessible by
third-party
AI Technology applications and users, including our competitors. Such actions could subject us to legal and regulatory investigations and/or actions. In addition, we may not be able to control how
third-party
AI Technologies that we choose to use are developed or maintained, or how data we input is used or disclosed, even where we have sought contractual protections with respect to these matters. We may be subject to legal and regulatory investigations and/or actions related to our use of AI Technologies, including as related to alleged misuse or misappropriation of our data. This could also have an adverse impact on our reputation. We may also communicate externally regarding AI
Technology-related
initiatives, including our development and use of AI Technologies, which subjects us to the risk