financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the applicable enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse.
Additionally, significant judgment is required in estimating the provision for (benefit from) income taxes, current and deferred tax balances (including any valuation allowance), accrued interest or penalties and uncertain tax positions. In evaluating these judgments, we consider, among other items, projections of taxable income (including the character of such income), beginning with historic results and incorporating assumptions of the amount of future pretax operating income. These assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates that Blackstone uses to manage its business. To the extent any portion of the deferred tax assets are not considered to be more likely than not to be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded.
126
Table of Contents
Revisions in estimates and/or actual costs of a tax assessment may ultimately be materially different from the recorded accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, if any.
Recent Accounting Developments
Information regarding recent accounting developments and their impact on Blackstone, if any, can be found in Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 1. Financial Statements” of this filing.
Our predominant exposure to market risk is related to our role as general partner or investment adviser to the Blackstone Funds and the sensitivities to movements in the fair value of their investments, including the effect on management fees, performance revenues and investment income. There were no material changes in our market risks as of March 31, 2025 as compared to December 31, 2024. For additional information, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain “disclosure controls and procedures,” as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon