Operations.
Further disclosure on instruments for which the fair value option has been elected is presented in Note 6. “Fair Value Option.”
Blackstone may elect to measure certain proprietary investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values under the measurement alternative, which reflects cost less impairment, with adjustments in value resulting from observable price changes arising from orderly transactions of the same or a similar security from the same issuer. If the measurement alternative election is not made, the equity security is measured at fair value. The measurement alternative election is made on an instrument by instrument basis. The election is reassessed each reporting period to determine whether investments under the measurement alternative have readily determinable fair values, in which case they would no longer be eligible for this election.
Certain investments of Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone funds are valued at NAV per share pursuant to the practical expedient. In limited circumstances, Blackstone may determine, based on its own due diligence and investment procedures, that NAV per share does not represent fair value. In such circumstances, Blackstone will estimate the fair value in good faith and in a manner that it reasonably chooses, in accordance with the requirements of GAAP.
The terms of the investee’s investment generally provide for minimum holding periods or lock-ups, the institution of gates on redemptions or the suspension of redemptions or an ability to side pocket investments, at the discretion of the investee’s fund manager, and as a result, investments may not be redeemable at, or within three months of, the reporting date.
Security and loan transactions are recorded on a trade date basis.
Equity Method Investments
Investments in which Blackstone is deemed to exert significant influence, but not control, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting except in cases where the fair value option has been elected. Blackstone has significant influence over all Blackstone Funds in which it invests but does not consolidate. Therefore, its investments in such Blackstone Funds, which generally include both a proportionate and disproportionate allocation of the profits and losses (as is the case with funds that include a Performance Allocation), are accounted for under the equity method. Under the equity method of accounting, Blackstone’s share of earnings (losses) from equity method inves
t
ments is included in Investment Income (Loss) in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.
In cases where Blackstone’s equity method investments provide for a disproportionate allocation of the profits and losses (as is the case with funds that include a Performance Allocation), Blackstone’s share of earnings (losses) from equity method investments is determined using a balance sheet approach referred to as the hypothetical liquidation at book value (“HLBV”) method. Under the