example, the earlier disposition of assets following an exchange or acquisition transaction will generally accelerate payments under a tax receivable agreement and increase the present value of such payments, and the disposition of assets before an exchange or acquisition transaction will increase the tax liability of a holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units without giving rise to any rights of a holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to receive payments under any tax receivable agreements.
Although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the IRS to challenge a tax basis increase, the corporate taxpayers will not be reimbursed for any payments previously made under a tax receivable agreement. As a result, in certain circumstances, payments could be made under a tax receivable agreement in excess of the corporate taxpayers’ cash tax savings.
Registration Rights Agreement
In connection with the restructuring and IPO, we entered into a registration rights agreement with our
pre-IPO
owners, which was subsequently amended in connection with Blackstone’s conversion from a limited partnership to a corporation, pursuant to which we granted them, their affiliates and certain of their transferees the right, under certain circumstances and subject to certain restrictions, to require us to register under the Securities Act shares of common stock delivered in exchange for Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or shares of common stock (and other securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our shares of common stock) otherwise held by them. In addition, newly-admitted Blackstone senior managing directors and certain others who acquire Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units have subsequently become parties to the registration rights agreement. In addition, our founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman, has the right to request that we register the sale of shares of common stock held by holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units an unlimited number of times and may require us to make available shelf registration statements permitting sales of shares of common stock into the market from time to time over an extended period. In addition, Mr. Schwarzman has the ability to exercise certain piggyback registration rights in respect of shares of common stock held by holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units in connection with registered offerings requested by other registration rights holders or initiated by us.
Tsinghua University Education Foundation
As part of an initiative announced in 2013, Mr. Schwarzman, through the Stephen A. Schwarzman Education Foundation, personally committed $100 million to create and endow a post-graduate scholarship program at Tsinghua University in Beijing, entitled “Schwarzman Scholars,” and fund the construction of a residential and academic building. He has led a fundraising campaign to raise $600 million to support the “Schwarzman Endowment Fund.” The Tsinghua University Education