not entered into the tax receivable agreement. The term of the tax receivable agreement commenced upon consummation of our IPO and will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired, unless the corporate taxpayers exercise their right to terminate the tax receivable agreement for an amount based on the agreed payments remaining to be made under the agreement.
Assuming no future material changes in the relevant tax law and that the corporate taxpayers earn sufficient taxable income to realize the full tax benefit of the increased amortization of the assets, the expected future payments under the tax receivable agreement (which are taxable to the recipients) in respect of the purchase and exchanges will aggregate $1.8 billion over the next 15 years. The
after-tax
net present value of these estimated payments totals $529.9 million assuming a 15% discount rate and using an estimate of timing of the benefit to be received. Future payments under the tax receivable agreement in respect of subsequent exchanges would be in addition to these amounts. The payments under the tax receivable agreement are not conditioned upon continued ownership of Blackstone equity interests by the holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units mentioned above.
Subsequent to December 31, 2024, payments totaling $46.3 million were made to certain holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units mentioned above in accordance with the tax receivable agreement and related to tax benefits the Partnership received for the 2023 taxable year. Such payments included $1.5 million to Mr. Schwarzman, $0.2 million to Mr. Chae, $0.08 million to Mr. Finley, $0.04 million to Mr. Sawhney, and $0.6 million to Mr. Baratta, which amounts include payments to vehicles controlled by such persons or their relatives, as applicable.
258
Table of Contents
In addition, the tax receivable agreement provides that upon certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control, the corporate taxpayers’ (or their successors’) obligations with respect to exchanged or acquired units (whether exchanged or acquired before or after such transaction) would be based on certain assumptions, including that the corporate taxpayers would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the benefits arising from the increased tax deductions and tax basis and other similar benefits. Upon a subsequent actual exchange, any additional increase in tax deductions, tax basis and other similar benefits in excess of the amounts assumed at the change in control will also result in payments under the tax receivable agreement.
Decisions we make in the course of running our business, such as with respect to mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes in control, may influence the timing and amount of payments that are received by an exchanging or selling holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units under the tax receivable agreement. For