heightened investor requests for repurchases in certain vehicles. A number of our funds have invested and intend to continue to invest in large transactions or transactions that otherwise have substantial business, regulatory or legal complexity and may be more difficult to execute successfully than smaller or less complex investments. In addition, realizing value from such investments may be more difficult as a result of, among other things, a limited universe of potential acquirers.
We may also fail to consummate identified investment opportunities because of regulatory or legal complexities or uncertainty and adverse developments in the U.S. or global economy, financial markets or geopolitical conditions. Additionally, our ability to deploy capital in certain countries may be adversely impacted by U.S. and foreign government policy changes and regulations. For example, an FTC rule that significantly increases the amount of information required to be provided in a
Hart-Scott-Rodino
filing became effective in February 2025. The process of obtaining
pre-approval
for certain transactions undertaken by our investment funds is expected to become more administratively burdensome and time consuming. Any potential time delay associated with obtaining approval may make it more difficult for our funds to deploy capital and exit and realize value from investments.
Further, state regulatory agencies may impose restrictions on private funds’ investments in certain types of assets or industries, which could affect our funds’ ability to find attractive and diversified investments and to complete such investments in a timely manner. For example, certain states have, and others may in the future, increase state regulatory review measures of investments by private equity into the
patient-facing
healthcare industry, and certain states have considered, and others may seek to enact, legislation to restrict institutional investment in
single-family
homes. Such laws may impact the ability of our funds to invest in certain assets or sectors. In addition, the ability to deploy capital in China has been adversely impacted by policies and regulations in the U.S., which may be exacerbated prospectively. See “—Laws and regulations on foreign direct investment applicable to us and our funds’ portfolio companies, both within and outside the U.S., may make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain jurisdictions or to sell assets to certain buyers.”
Our revenue, earnings, net income and cash flow can all vary materially due to our reliance on Performance Revenues, which may make it difficult for us to achieve steady earnings growth on a quarterly basis and may cause the price of our common stock to decline.
Our revenue, earnings, net income and cash flow can all vary materially due to our reliance on Performance Revenues. We may experience fluctuations in our results, including our revenue and net income, from quarter to quarter due to a number of other factors.