liabilities attributable to consolidated operating partnerships, partially offset by a decrease of $866.0 million in total liabilities attributable to consolidated Blackstone funds.
Sources and Uses of Liquidity
On December 6, 2024, Blackstone, through its indirect subsidiary Blackstone Reg Finance Co. L.L.C., issued $750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.000% senior notes due December 6, 2034 pursuant to a Registration Statement on
Form S-3.
For additional information see Note 12. “Borrowings” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing and “— Notable Transactions”.
We have multiple sources of liquidity to meet our capital needs, including annual cash flows, accumulated earnings in our businesses, the proceeds from our issuances of senior notes and other borrowings, liquid investments we hold on our balance sheet and access to our $4.325 billion committed revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”). As of December 31, 2024, Blackstone had $2.0 billion in Cash and Cash Equivalents, $1.1 billion invested in Corporate Treasury Investments and $5.8 billion in Other Investments (which included $5.3 billion of liquid investments), against $11.3 billion in borrowings from our bond issuances, and no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. In February 2025, we drew $900.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility.
133
Table of Contents
In addition to the cash we receive from our notes offerings and availability under the Revolving Credit Facility and other borrowings, we expect to receive (a) cash generated from operating activities, (b) Performance Revenue realizations, and (c) realizations on the fund investments that we make. The amounts received from these three sources in particular may vary substantially from year to year and quarter to quarter depending on the frequency and size of realization events or net returns experienced by our investment funds. Our available capital could be adversely affected if there are prolonged periods of few substantial realizations from our investment funds accompanied by substantial capital calls for new investments from those investment funds. Therefore, Blackstone’s commitments to our funds are taken into consideration when managing our overall liquidity and cash position.
We expect that our primary liquidity needs will be cash to (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing businesses, which includes, without limitation, funding our general partner and
co-investment
commitments to our funds and warehousing investments for our funds, (b) provide capital for business expansion, (c) pay operating expenses, including cash compensation to our employees, and other obligations as they arise, including servicing debts, (d) pay income taxes and (e) pay dividends to our stockholders, make distributions to the holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and make repurchases under