tax receivable agreements (which are taxable to the recipients) will aggregate $
2.0
billion over the next
15
years. The after-tax net present value of these estimated payments totals $
611.9
million assuming a
15
% discount rate and using Blackstone’s most recent projections relating to the estimated timing of the benefit to be received. Future payments under the tax receivable agreements in respect of subsequent exchanges would be in addition to these amounts. The payments under the tax receivable agreements are not conditioned upon continued ownership of Blackstone equity interests by the pre-IPO owners and the others mentioned above.
Amounts related to the deferred tax asset resulting from the increase in tax basis from the exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to shares of Blackstone common stock, the resulting remeasurement of net deferred tax assets at the Blackstone ownership percentage at the balance sheet date, the due to affiliates for the future payments resulting from the tax receivable agreements and resulting adjustment to partners’ capital are included as Deferred Tax Asset Effects from Equity Transactions in the Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Other
Blackstone does business with and on behalf of some of its Portfolio Companies; all such arrangements are on a negotiated basis.
Additionally, please see Note 16. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Guarantees” for information regarding guarantees provided to a lending institution for certain loans held by employees.
Commitments
Investment Commitments
Blackstone had $
5.0
billion of investment commitments as of March 31, 2025 representing general partner capital funding commitments to the Blackstone Funds, limited partner capital funding to other funds and Blackstone principal investment commitments, including loan commitments. The consolidated Blackstone funds had signed investment commitments of $
207.7
million as of March 31, 2025, which includes $
44.0
million of signed investment commitments for portfolio company acquisitions in the process of closing.
Contingencies
Guarantees
Certain of Blackstone’s consolidated real estate funds guarantee payments to third parties in connection with the ongoing business activities and/or acquisitions of their Portfolio Companies. There is no direct recourse to Blackstone to fulfill such obligations. To the extent that underlying funds are required to fulfill guarantee obligations, Blackstone’s invested capital in such funds is at risk. Total investments at risk in respect of guarantees extended by consolidated real estate funds was $
26.8
million as of March 31, 2025.
The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships provided guarantees to a lending institution for certain loans held by employees either for investment in Blackstone Funds or for members’ capital contributions to Blackstone Europe LLP. The amount guaranteed as of March 31, 2025 was $