members’ capital contributions to Blackstone Europe LLP. The amount guaranteed as of December 31, 2024 was $
91.5
million.
Strategic Ventures
In December 2022 and January 2023, Blackstone entered into long-term strategic ventures (“UC strategic ventures”) with the Regents of the University of California (“UC Investments”), an institutional investor that subscribed for $
4.5
billion of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (“BREIT”) Class I shares during the three months ended March 31, 2023. The UC strategic ventures provide a waterfall structure with UC Investments receiving an
11.25
% target annualized net return on its $
4.5
billion investment in BREIT shares and upside from its investment. This target return, while not guaranteed, is supported by a pledge by Blackstone of $
1.1
billion of its holdings in BREIT as of the subscription dates, including any appreciation or dividends received by Blackstone in respect thereof. Pursuant to the UC strategic ventures, Blackstone is entitled to receive an incremental
5
% cash payment from UC Investments on any returns received in excess of the target return. An asset or liability is recognized based on fair value with the maximum potential future obligation capped at the fair value of the assets pledged by Blackstone in connection with the above arrangements. As of December 31, 2024, the fair value of the assets pledged was $
1.1
billion and the total liability recognized was $
938.2
million.
Litigation
Blackstone may from time to time be involved in litigation and claims incidental to the conduct of its business. Blackstone’s businesses are also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against Blackstone.
Blackstone accrues a liability for legal proceedings only when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. In such cases, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of any amounts accrued. Although there can be no assurance of the outcome of such legal actions, based on information known by management, Blackstone does not have any unaccrued liability related to any current legal proceeding or claim that would individually or in the aggregate materially affect its results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
In December 2017, eight pension plan members of the Kentucky Retirement System (“KRS”) filed a derivative lawsuit on behalf of KRS in Franklin County Circuit Court in Kentucky (the “Mayberry Action”). Plaintiffs alleged breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of Kentucky law in connection with KRS’s investment in three hedge funds of funds, including a fund managed by Blackstone Alternative Asset Management L.P. (“BLP”). The suit named more than 30 defendants, including, among others, The Blackstone Group L.P. (now Blackstone Inc.); BLP; Stephen A. Schwarzman, as Chairman and CEO of Blackstone; and J. Tomilson Hill, as then-CEO of BLP (collectively, the “Blackstone Defendants”). In July 2020,