is pending.
In July 2021, BLP filed a breach-of-contract action against defendants affiliated with KRS, alleging that the Mayberry Action and the Declaratory Judgment Action breach the parties’ subscription agreements and seeking damages. In February 2024, the Kentucky Supreme Court granted BLP’s motion for discretionary review of the Circuit Court’s dismissal on ripeness grounds. The appeal is fully briefed and pending.
On January 3, 2025,
we and several other defendants
entered into a settlement agreement with KRS and the Commonwealth of Kentucky to, subject to approval by the
Franklin County Circuit Court
and certain requirements, resolve all claims against these defendants in the AG’s actions, resolve BLP’s breach-of-contract claims, and bar all claims against the Blackstone Defendants in
Taylor I and Taylor II
without any admission of wrongdoing. The settlement includes an $
82.5
million
cash settlement divided among several defendants, of which
our
portion is expected to be covered by insurance. On January 8, 2025, the settling parties moved for court approval of the settlement. Taylor II plaintiffs objected and requested, in part, that the court refer their matter to mediation. On February 14, 2025, the court ordered the Taylor II parties to conduct a mediation
in
March 2025 and scheduled an approval hearing for the defendants’ settlement with KRS and the Commonwealth to follow on March 26, 2025. Our financial results for the year ended December 31, 2024 include an accrual for the estimated liability related to this matter.
213
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
In October 2022, as part of a sweep of private equity and other investment advisory firms, the SEC sent us a request for information relating to the retention of certain types of electronic business communications, including text messages, that may be required to be preserved under certain SEC rules. In January 2025, we entered into a settlement agreement with the SEC to resolve this matter and paid a civil monetary penalty of $
12
million. During the three months ended December 31, 2024, we updated our accrued liability to reflect the settlement amount, which was less than the amount we previously accrued during 2024.
Contingent Obligations (Clawback)
Performance Allocations are subject to clawback to the extent that the Performance Allocations received to date with respect to a fund exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results of that fund. The actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain Blackstone funds, which may have an interim clawback liability. The lives of the funds, including available contemplated extensions, for which a liability for potential clawback obligations has been recorded for financial reporting purposes, are currently anticipated