administrative burdens and increasing the costs of doing business in such jurisdictions. Increasingly, the rules and regulations in the financial sector in Europe are becoming more prescriptive. Rules and regulations in other jurisdictions are often informed by key features of U.S. and European rules and regulations and, as a result, our businesses in all jurisdictions, including across Asia, may become subject to increased regulation in the future.
In Europe, the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) establishes a regulatory regime for alternative investment fund managers (“AIFMs”), including our AIFMs in Luxembourg and Ireland. The U.K. has
“on-shored”
AIFMD and therefore similar requirements continue to apply to funds marketed to U.K. investors. Changes to AIFMD, most of which will come into effect in 2026, have been adopted in the EU. These changes increase the compliance burdens on certain of our funds and require them to make changes to their operations, including, among other things, in respect of their use of leverage, which could impact the returns of such funds. In addition, the changes may restrict certain of our AIFs from marketing in EEA jurisdictions via national private placement regimes, which may impact our ability to raise capital from EEA investors.
The EU regulation on
over-the-counter
(“OTC”) derivative transactions, central counterparties and trade repositories (“EMIR”) requires mandatory clearing of certain OTC derivatives through central counterparties, creates additional risk mitigation requirements (including, in particular, margining requirements) in respect of certain OTC derivative transactions that are not cleared by a central counterparty, and imposes reporting and recordkeeping requirements in respect of most derivative transactions. In addition, the EU regulation on transparency of securities financing transactions (“SFTR”) requires certain mandatory reporting and disclosure in connection with certain securities financing transactions and total return swaps. Furthermore, the EU Central Securities Depositories Regulation (“CSDR”) provides for an
EU-wide
framework with respect to securities settlement and central securities depository and settlement services. Each of the aforementioned regulations is likely to increase the operational burden and costs associated with certain of our and our funds’ operations.
Further, in the EU, the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014 (2014/65/EU) (“MiFID II”), which has also been
on-shored
in the U.K., requires us to comply with disclosure, transparency, reporting and record keeping obligations and enhanced obligations in relation to the receipt of investment research, best execution, product governance and marketing communications. Compliance with MiFID II has resulted in greater overall complexity, higher compliance and administration and operational costs and less overall flexibility for us. This includes increased regulatory capital and