“Blackstone,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” refer to Blackstone Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
“Series I Preferred Stockholder” refers to Blackstone Partners L.L.C., the holder of the sole outstanding share of our Series I preferred stock.
“Series II Preferred Stockholder” refers to Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., the holder of the sole outstanding share of our Series II preferred stock.
“Blackstone Holdings,” “Blackstone Holdings Partnerships” or “Holdings Partnerships” refer to Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., collectively.
“Blackstone Funds,” “our funds” and “our investment funds” refer to the funds and other vehicles that are managed by Blackstone. “Our carry funds” refers to funds managed by Blackstone that have commitment-based multi-year drawdown structures that pay carry on the realization of an investment.
“Our hedge funds” refers to our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, certain of our real estate debt investment funds and certain other credit-focused funds which are managed by Blackstone.
We refer to our separately managed accounts as “SMAs.”
“Total Assets Under Management” refers to the invested and available capital in Blackstone-managed or advised vehicles (including, without limitation, investment funds and SMAs). The Total Assets Under Management attributable to an individual vehicle is dependent on the structure and investment strategy of such vehicle and accordingly, will vary from vehicle to vehicle. Total Assets Under Management generally equals the sum of the following across Blackstone-managed or advised vehicles, as applicable:
4
Table of Contents
Uncalled commitments represent the capital we are entitled to call from investors pursuant to the terms of their respective capital commitments, including capital commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment periods. Drawdown funds, perpetual capital vehicles,
co-investment
vehicles, and SMAs can each be structured with a commitment from an investor that is called over time as opposed to fully funded upon subscription.
Assets may be raised in one vehicle or business unit and subsequently invested in or managed or advised by another vehicle or business unit. Total Assets Under Management are reported in the segment where the assets are managed.
Our measurement of Total Assets Under Management includes commitments to, and the fair value of, invested capital in our funds from Blackstone and our personnel. Our calculation of Total Assets Under Management may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. Our definition of Total Assets Under Management differs from the manner in which affiliated investment advisors report regulatory assets under management and may differ from the definition set forth in the agreements