group will be subject to
top-up
taxes where the overall tax paid on the group’s profit in any jurisdiction falls below the minimum 15% effective tax rate. The EU, among other regions implementing or intending to implement these rules, adopted Pillar Two and required that all EU member states adopt local legislation to implement such rules beginning December 31, 2023. However, the United States is not expected to adopt Pillar Two, creating additional uncertainty as to the application of these rules to multinational enterprises with a U.S. parent entity. Pillar One and Pillar Two could result in increased effective tax rates, possible denial of deductions, withholding taxes and/or profits being allocated differently and increased complexity, burden and cost of tax compliance for us and our funds’ portfolio companies. Given the ongoing design, implementation, administration and interpretation of Pillar One and Pillar Two, the timing, scope and impact of any relevant domestic legislation or multilateral conventions remain uncertain.
Cybersecurity and data protection risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business, and damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs and financial losses, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Our operations are highly dependent on our technology platforms and we rely heavily on our analytical, financial, accounting, communications and other data processing systems. Our systems face ongoing cybersecurity threats and attacks, which could result in the loss of confidentiality, integrity or availability of such systems and the data held by such systems. Attacks on our systems could involve, and in some instances have in the past involved, attempts intended to obtain unauthorized access to our proprietary information, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems, or divert or otherwise steal funds, including through the introduction of computer viruses, “phishing” attempts and other forms of social engineering. Attacks on our systems could also involve ransomware or other forms of cyber extortion. Cyberattacks and other data security threats could originate from a wide variety of external sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers, hacktivists and other outside parties. Cyberattacks and other security threats could also originate from the malicious or accidental acts of insiders, such as employees, consultants, independent contractors or other service providers.
There has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and data security threats we face, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent. Such attacks may target us because, as an alternative asset management firm, we hold a significant amount of confidential and sensitive information about our investors, our funds’ portfolio companies and potential