2022, and pursuant to the terms of the vehicle, BREIT began to prorate such requests beginning in November 2022. BREIT inflows also materially declined after proration was announced, which led to net outflows in BREIT. The inclusion of redemption features in investment vehicles creates heightened risk of operational error, including with respect to the calculation of net asset values, which could expose us to increased risk of litigation, regulatory action and reputational damage.
In addition, we currently manage a significant portion of investor assets through separately managed accounts whereby we earn management and/or incentive fees, and we intend to continue to seek additional separately managed account mandates. The investment management agreements we enter into in connection with managing separately managed accounts on behalf of certain clients may be terminated by such clients on as little as 30 days’ prior written notice. In addition, the boards of directors of the investment management companies we manage could terminate our advisory engagement of those companies, on as little as 30 days’ prior written notice. In the case of any such terminations, the management and incentive fees we earn in connection with managing such account or company would immediately cease, which could result in a significant adverse impact on our revenues.
The governing agreements of many of our investment funds provide that, subject to certain conditions,
third-party
investors in those funds have the right to remove the general partner of the fund or to accelerate the termination date of the investment fund without cause by a majority or supermajority vote, resulting in a reduction in management fees we would earn from such investment funds and a significant reduction in the amounts of Performance Revenues from those funds. Performance Revenues could be significantly reduced as a result of our inability to maximize the value of investments by an investment fund during the liquidation process or in the event of the triggering of a “clawback” obligation or a recoupment of loss carry forward amounts. In addition, the governing agreements of our investment funds provide that in the event certain “key persons” in our investment funds do not meet specified time commitments with regard to managing the fund, then investors in certain funds have the right to vote to terminate the investment period by a specified percentage (including, in certain cases, a simple majority) vote in accordance with specified procedures, accelerate the withdrawal of their capital on an
investor-by-investor
basis, or the fund’s investment period will automatically terminate and a specified percentage (including, in certain cases, a simple majority) vote of investors is required to restart it. In addition, the governing agreements of some of our investment funds provide that investors have the right to terminate, for any reason, the investment period by a vote of 75% of the investors in such