company, such as EBITDA, by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods.
18
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Credit-Focused Investments
– The fair values of credit-focused investments are generally determined on the basis of prices between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. For credit-focused investments that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available, Blackstone may utilize other valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow method or a market approach. The discounted cash flow method projects the expected cash flows of the debt instrument based on contractual terms, and discounts such cash flows back to the valuation date using a market-based yield. The market-based yield is generally estimated using yields of publicly traded debt instruments issued by companies operating in similar industries as the subject investment or based on changes in credit spreads of a broader benchmark index applicable to a subject investment.
The market approach is generally used to determine the enterprise value of the issuer of a credit investment, and considers valuation multiples of comparable companies or transactions. The resulting enterprise value will dictate whether or not such credit investment has adequate enterprise value coverage. In cases of distressed credit instruments, the market approach may be used to estimate a recovery value in the event of a restructuring.
Investments, at Fair Value
Generally, the Blackstone Funds are accounted for as investment companies in accordance with the GAAP guidance on investment companies, and under the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Audit and Accounting Guide,
Investment Companies
, and reflect their investments, including majority-owned and controlled investments, at fair value. Such consolidated funds’ investments are reflected in Investments on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected as a component of Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Fair value is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, at current market conditions (i.e., the exit price).
Certain principal investments are presented at fair value with unrealized appreciation or dep
re
ciation and realized gains and losses recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of