subsidiaries.
Executive Committee
. The executive committee consists of Messrs. Schwarzman, Gray and Baratta. The board of directors has delegated all of the power and authority of the full board of directors to the executive committee to act when the board of directors is not in session.
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
We have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and a Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals, which apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Each of these codes is available on our website at http://ir.blackstone.com under “Corporate Governance.” We intend to disclose any amendment to or waiver of the Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals and any waiver of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on behalf of an executive officer or director either on our website or by filing a Current Report on
Form 8-K.
Securities Trading Policies and Procedures
We have
adopted
policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale and/or other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers and employees and by Blackstone that are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. A copy of our Securities Trading Policies and Procedures Governing Transactions Blackstone Securities is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.
235
Table of Contents
Corporate Governance Guidelines
The board of directors has a Governance Policy, which addresses matters such as the board of directors’ responsibilities and duties and the board of directors’ composition and compensation. The Governance Policy is available on our website at http://ir.blackstone.com under “Corporate Governance.”
Communications to the Board of Directors
The
non-management
members of our board of directors meet at least quarterly. The presiding director at these
non-management
board member meetings is Mr. Parrett. All interested parties, including any employee or stockholder, may send communications to the
non-management
members of our board of directors by writing to: Blackstone Inc., Attn: Audit Committee, 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154.
Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports
On August 5, 2024, Blackstone discovered that a filing it had scheduled to be made for its Principal Accounting Officer via its filing agent’s software had not been properly transmitted by the software to the SEC on August 2nd as Blackstone had scheduled. Immediately after the error was discovered, Blackstone contacted its filing agent. The filing agent notified Blackstone that this was due to a technical error in the filing agent’s software. The filing agent
re-filed
the Form 4 that same day.
236
Table of Contents
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Overview of Compensation Philosophy and Program
The intellectual capital collectively possessed by our senior managing directors (including our named executive officers) and