estate valuations. Such factors are even more challenging in the life science office and traditional office market, as well as other properties with
long-term
leases that do not provide for
short-term
rent increases.
Geopolitical concerns and other global events outside of our control have also contributed and may continue to contribute to volatile global equity and debt markets, particularly as geopolitical instability has in recent years become more prevalent. These concerns and events include, without limitation, trade conflict, civil unrest, threats to national security, and national and international security events (including war, terrorist acts or other hostilities). For example, in the U.S., the current Presidential administration has stated its intention to make governmental policy and regulatory changes in a variety of areas, including the imposition of tariffs or other trade barriers. In that connection, certain countries subject to those changes have expressed an intent to impose similar measures in return. Outside the U.S., ongoing wars in the Middle East and Ukraine, as well as concern as to whether China’s stimulus measures will effectively stabilize slowing economic growth in the country, have further contributed to global economic uncertainty and volatility in the global financial markets. This may adversely impact our performance and the performance of our funds and their respective portfolio companies.
In addition, severe public health events, such as those caused by the
COVID-19
pandemic, may occur from time to time, and could directly and indirectly impact us in material respects that we are unable to predict or control, including by threatening our employees’
well-being
and morale and interrupting business activities. In addition, related factors may materially and adversely affect us, including the effectiveness of governmental responses, the extension, amendment or withdrawal of any government programs or initiatives and the timing and speed of economic recovery. Actions taken in response may contribute to significant volatility in the financial markets, resulting in increased volatility in equity prices, material interest rate changes, supply chain disruptions, such as simultaneous supply and demand shock to global, regional and national economies, and an increase in inflationary pressures.
23
Table of Contents
In addition to the factors described above, other market, economic and geopolitical factors described herein that may adversely affect our business include, without limitation:
A period of economic slowdown, which may occur across one or more industries, sectors or geographies, creates operating performance challenges for certain of our funds’ investments, which could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows.
Despite overall resilience in some geographies, many global economies have in recent years experienced periods of deceleration. Further economic deceleration or contraction in the rate of growth