structures and terms offered by competitors. Moreover, if we are forced to compete with other alternative asset managers on the basis of price, we may not be able to maintain our current fund fee and carried interest terms. We have historically competed primarily on the performance of our funds, and not on the level of our fees or carried interest relative to those of our competitors. However, there is a risk that fees and carried interest in the alternative investment management industry will decline, without regard to the historical performance of a manager. Further, as part of a shift in the distribution arrangements in the private wealth industry, certain
third-party
intermediaries have sought to revise existing or implement new fee arrangements that align their fees with the initial amount or ongoing net asset value of capital invested through the intermediary in the applicable vehicle. While the extent of this shift going forward is uncertain, the costs associated with the distribution of certain of our private wealth perpetual products have increased and there may be further increases in distribution costs for these and future products. The reduction of net management fees or performance allocations we receive, including as a result of new fee arrangements, or the incurrence of higher costs in connection with product distribution, without corresponding decreases in our cost structure, would adversely affect the profitability of impacted products. Certain of the
third-party
intermediaries on whom we rely to distribute our investment products also sell their own competing proprietary investment products, which could limit the distribution of our products.
In addition, the attractiveness of our investment funds relative to investments in other investment products could decrease depending on economic conditions. Furthermore, any new or incremental regulatory measures for the U.S. financial services industry may increase costs and create regulatory uncertainty and additional competition for many of our funds. Conversely, regulatory measures aimed at reducing burden on U.S. banks, such as less onerous bank regulatory capital requirements, may create additional competition for certain of our credit strategies. See “—Financial regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our business.”
31
Table of Contents
These competitive pressures could adversely affect our ability to make successful investments and limit our ability to raise future investment funds, either of which would adversely impact our business, revenue, results of operations and cash flow.
We have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we offer to individual investors, which could expose us to new and greater levels of risk.
Although individual investors have been part of our historic distribution efforts, we have increasingly undertaken business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment