certain Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items where there is a current tax provision or benefit. The economic assumptions and methodologies that impact the implied income tax provision are the same as those methodologies and assumptions used in calculating the current income tax provision for Blackstone’s Consolidated Statements of Operations under GAAP, excluding the impact of divestitures and accrued tax contingencies and refunds which are reflected when paid or received. The Payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement reflects the expected amount of tax savings generated in the period that parties to the Tax Receivable Agreement are entitled to receive in future periods. Management believes that including the amount payable under the tax receivable agreement and utilizing the current income tax provision adjusted as described above when calculating Distributable Earnings is meaningful as it increases comparability between periods and more accurately reflects earnings that are available for distribution to stockholders.
Segment Distributable Earnings
Segment Distributable Earnings is Blackstone’s segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and assess performance across Blackstone’s four segments. Blackstone believes it is useful to stockholders to review the measure that management uses in assessing segment performance. Segment Distributable Earnings represents the net realized earnings of Blackstone’s segments and is the sum of Fee Related Earnings and Net Realizations for each segment. Blackstone’s segments are presented on a basis that deconsolidates Blackstone Funds, eliminates non-controlling ownership interests in Blackstone’s consolidated operating partnerships, removes the amortization of intangible assets and removes Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items. Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items arise from corporate actions including acquisitions, divestitures, Blackstone’s initial public offering and non-recurring gains, losses, or other charges, if any. They consist primarily of equity-based compensation charges, gains and losses on contingent consideration arrangements, changes in the balance of the tax receivable agreement resulting from a change in tax law or similar event, transaction costs, gains or losses associated with these corporate actions and non-recurring gains, losses or other charges that affect period-to-period comparability and are not reflective of Blackstone’s operational performance. Segment Distributable Earnings excludes unrealized activity and is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes. See “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for our reconciliation of Segment Distributable Earnings.
Net Realizations is presented on a segment basis and is the sum of Realized Principal Investment Income and Realized Performance Revenues (which refers to Realized Performance Revenues excluding