similar adverse impact.
The U.S. has also implemented a number of economic sanctions programs and export controls that specifically target Chinese entities and nationals on national security grounds, including, for example, with respect to China’s response to political demonstrations in Hong Kong and China’s conduct concerning the treatment of Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities in its Xinjiang province. Moreover, the U.S. has implemented additional sanctions against entities participating in China’s military industrial complex and providing support to the country’s military, intelligence, and surveillance apparatuses. These sanctions impose certain restrictions on U.S. persons and entities buying or selling publicly traded securities of these designated entities. Further escalation of the “trade war” between the U.S. and China, the countries’ inability to reach further trade agreements, or the continued use of reciprocal sanctions by each country, may negatively impact opportunities for investment as well as the rate of global growth, particularly in China, which has and continues to exhibit signs of slowing growth. Such slowing growth could adversely affect the revenues and profitability of our funds’ portfolio companies.
There is uncertainty as to further actions that may be taken under the current U.S. Presidential administration with respect to U.S. trade policy, including with respect to the proposed tariffs on goods from Canada and Mexico. See “—Laws and regulations on foreign direct investment applicable to us and our funds’ portfolio companies, both within and outside the U.S, may make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain jurisdictions or to sell assets to certain buyers.”
45
Table of Contents
Our provision of products and services to insurance companies subjects us to a variety of risks and uncertainties.
We have increasingly undertaken initiatives to deliver to insurance companies customizable and diversified portfolios of Blackstone products and strategies across asset classes, including investment grade and
non-investment
grade credit, with a focus on corporate, asset based and private credit. Our insurance initiatives include partial or full management of insurance companies’ general account or reinsurance assets. This strategy has in recent years contributed to meaningful growth in our Assets Under Management, including in Perpetual Capital Assets Under Management. BXCI’s insurance platform currently manages assets for a number of insurance companies and certain of their respective affiliates pursuant to several investment management agreements. Our insurance platform also manages or
sub-manages
assets for certain
insurance-dedicated
funds and special purpose vehicles, and has developed, and may continue to develop, other
capital-efficient
products for insurance companies.
The continued success of our insurance platform will depend in large part on further developing investment partnerships with insurance company