breach of the confidentiality,
non-competition,
non-solicitation,
non-interference,
non-disparagement
or intellectual property provisions by a senior managing director, the breaching individual agrees that we will be entitled to seek equitable relief in the form of specific performance, restraining orders, injunctions or other equitable remedies (including forfeiture of the breaching individual’s vested and unvested interests in Blackstone).
Pay Ratio Disclosure
As required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and Item 402(u) of Regulation
S-K,
we are providing the following information regarding the ratio of the annual total compensation for our principal executive officer to the median of the annual total compensation of all our employees (other than our principal executive officer) (the “CEO Pay Ratio”). Our CEO Pay Ratio is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with Item 402(u). However, due to the flexibility afforded by Item 402(u) in calculating the CEO Pay Ratio, our CEO Pay Ratio may not be comparable to the CEO pay ratios presented by other companies. As of December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 4,895 people, including our 254 senior managing directors. We identified our median employee using our global employee population as of December 31, 2024. To identify our median employee, we used annual base salary and bonuses earned in 2024. We believe this consistently applied compensation measure reasonably reflects annual compensation across our employee base. Application of our consistently applied compensation measure identified a group of employees with the same total annual base salary and cash bonus earned in 2024. We identified our median employee from among these employees by reviewing the components of their annual total compensation and selecting the employee whose title, tenure and compensation characteristics most accurately reflected the compensation of a typical employee. After identifying our median employee, we calculated the median employee’s annual total compensation in accordance with the requirements of the Summary Compensation Table. For 2024, the annual total compensation for Mr. Schwarzman, our principal executive officer, was $84,027,074 and our median employee’s annual total compensation was $265,000. Accordingly, annual total compensation of our principal executive officer was approximately three hundred seventeen times the annual total compensation of our median employee.
Director Compensation in 2024
No additional remuneration is paid to our employees for service on our board of directors. In 2024, each of our
non-employee
directors received an annual cash retainer of $150,000 and a grant of deferred restricted common stock units equivalent in value to $210,000, with a grant date fair value determined as described in footnote (a) to the first table below. An additional $40,000 annual retainer was paid to the Chairman of the Audit Committee