Blackstone Funds are recorded within Investments, the fair value of freestanding derivative assets that are not part of the consolidated Blackstone Funds are recorded within Other Assets and the fair value of freestanding derivative liabilities are recorded within Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.
Blackstone has elected to not offset derivative assets and liabilities or financial assets in its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, including cash, that may be received or paid as part of collateral arrangements, even when an enforceable master netting agreement is in place that provides Blackstone, in the event of counterparty default, the right to liquidate collateral and the right to offset a counterparty’s rights and obligations.
Blackstone’s other disclosures regarding derivative financial instruments are discussed in Note 5. “Derivative Financial Instruments.”
Blackstone’s disclosures regarding offsetting are discussed in Note 11. “Offsetting of Assets and Liabilities.”
Leases
Blackstone determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception of the arrangement. Blackstone primarily enters into operating leases, as the lessee, for office space. Operating leases are included in Right-of-Use (“ROU”) Assets and Operating Lease Liabilities in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. ROU Assets and Operating Lease Liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date. Blackstone determines the present value of the lease payments using an incremental borrowing rate based on information available at the inception date. Leases may include options to extend or terminate the lease which are included in the ROU Assets and Operating Lease Liability when they are reasonably certain of exercise.
Certain leases include lease and nonlease components, which are accounted for as one single lease component. Occupancy lease agreements, in addition to contractual rent payments, generally include additional payments for certain costs incurred by the landlord, such as building expenses and utilities. To the extent these are fixed or determinable, they are included as part of the minimum lease payments used to measure the Operating Lease Liability. Operating lease expense associated with minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. When additional payments are based on usage or vary based on other factors, they are expensed when incurred as variable lease expense.
Minimum lease payments for leases with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. Blackstone recognizes lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
178
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share