calling into question certain
non-conventional
energy investments made by our energy funds.
In addition, the performance of the investments made by our credit and equity funds in the energy and natural resources markets are also subject to a high degree of market risk, as such investments are likely to be directly or indirectly substantially dependent upon prevailing prices of oil, natural gas and other commodities. Oil and natural gas prices are subject to wide fluctuation in response to factors beyond the control of us or our funds’ portfolio companies, including relatively minor changes in the supply and demand for oil and natural gas, market uncertainty, the level of consumer product demand, weather conditions, climate change initiatives, governmental regulation (including with respect to trade and economic sanctions), the price and availability of alternative fuels, political and economic conditions in oil producing countries, foreign supply of such commodities and overall domestic and foreign economic conditions. These factors make it difficult to predict future commodity price movements with any certainty.
Our funds’ investments in infrastructure assets may expose us to increased risks that are inherent in the ownership of real assets.
Investments in infrastructure assets may expose us to increased risks that are inherent in the ownership of real assets. For example,
66
Table of Contents
Infrastructure investments often involve an ongoing commitment to a municipal, state, federal or foreign government or regulatory agencies. The nature of these obligations exposes us to a higher level of regulatory control than typically imposed on other businesses and may require us to rely on complex government licenses, concessions, leases or contracts, which may be difficult to obtain or maintain. Such licenses, concessions, leases or contracts may also be terminated for convenience without adequate compensation. Further, many of our funds’ investments are in critical infrastructure sectors, such as transportation systems, energy and digital infrastructure, which are generally subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny at the time of investment and ongoing compliance requirements. Such requirements are likely to expand our compliance burdens, costs and enforcement risks.
Infrastructure investments may require operators to manage such investments and such operators’ failure to comply with laws, including prohibitions against bribing of government officials, may adversely affect the value of such investments and cause us serious reputational and legal harm. Revenues for such investments may rely on contractual agreements for the provision of services with a limited number of counterparties, and are consequently subject to counterparty default risk. The operations and cash flow of infrastructure investments are also more sensitive to inflation and, in certain cases, commodity price risk. Furthermore, services provided by infrastructure investments may be