process may be inconsistent with the fiduciary duty to maximize return for investors, or may result in the subordination of the interests of investors based solely or in part on sustainability considerations. Investors, including public pension funds, which represent a significant portion of our funds’ investor bases, may decide to withdraw previously committed capital (where such withdrawal is permitted) or not commit capital to future fundraises based on their assessment of how we approach and consider the sustainability cost of investments and whether the
return-driven
objectives of our funds align with their sustainability priorities. This divergence increases the risk that any action or lack thereof with respect to sustainability matters will be perceived negatively by at least some stakeholders and adversely impact our reputation and business. If we do not successfully manage
sustainability-related
expectations across the varied interests of our stakeholders, including existing or potential investors, our ability to access and deploy capital may be adversely impacted. In addition, a failure to successfully manage
sustainability-related
expectations may negatively impact our reputation and erode stakeholder trust.
Certain investors also have begun to request or require data from their asset managers and/or use
third-party
benchmarks and ratings to allow them to monitor the sustainability impact of their investments. Regulatory initiatives to require investors to make disclosures to their stakeholders regarding sustainability matters have become increasingly common in certain jurisdictions, which may further increase the number and type of investors who place importance on these issues and who demand certain types of reporting from us or our funds. In addition, government authorities of certain U.S. states have requested information from and scrutinized certain asset managers with respect to whether such managers have adopted sustainability policies that would restrict
40
Table of Contents
such asset managers from investing in certain industries or sectors, such as conventional energy. These authorities have indicated that such asset managers may lose opportunities to manage money belonging to these states and their pension funds to the extent the asset managers boycott certain industries. This may impair our ability to access capital from certain investors, and we may in turn not be able to maintain or increase the size of our funds or raise sufficient capital for new funds, which may adversely impact our revenues.
There has been increased regulatory focus on
sustainability-related
practices by investment managers and the accuracy of statements made regarding such practices, including whether such statements are inaccurate or misleading, either because they overstate (often referred to as “greenwashing”) or understate the extent to which such investment managers are engaging in
sustainability-related
practices. The SEC has commenced