realizations and sales of investments, the net change in unrealized gains (losses) resulting from changes in the fair value of investments and interest income and expense and dividends attributable to the consolidated Blackstone Funds’ investments.
175
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Expenses incurred by consolidated Blackstone funds are separately presented within Fund Expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Other Income also includes amounts attributable to the Reduction of the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability. See Note 14. “Income Taxes — Other Income — Change in the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability” for additional information.
Income Taxes
Blackstone Inc. is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and thus is subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on Blackstone’s share of taxable income. The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and certain of their subsidiaries operate in the U.S. as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and generally as corporate entities in non-U.S. jurisdictions. Accordingly, these entities in some cases are subject to New York City unincorporated business taxes or non-U.S. income taxes. In addition, certain of the wholly owned subsidiaries of Blackstone and the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships will be subject to federal, state and local corporate income taxes at the entity level and the related tax provision attributable to Blackstone’s share of this income tax is reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Cash paid for transferrable tax credits is reflected in Payments for Income Taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Provision for Income Taxes
Income taxes are provided for using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, resulting in all pretax amounts being appropriately tax effected in the period, irrespective of which tax return year items will be reflected. Blackstone reports interest expense and tax penalties related to income tax matters in provision for income taxes.
Deferred Income Taxes
Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. These temporary differences result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years and are measured using the tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Deferred tax assets are separately stated, and deferred tax liabilities are included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses, and Other Liabilities in the consolidated financial statements.
Unrecognized