three months ended March 31, 2024. The decrease in Segment Distributable Earnings was primarily attributable to decreases of $101.2 million in Fee Related Earnings and $19.7 million in Net Realizations.
Our Real Estate segment strategies exhibited positive performance in the first quarter of 2025. This was supported by positive cash flow growth across nearly every area of the portfolio, continued improvement in the cost and availability of debt capital and strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. Recently announced tariffs in the U.S., however, have contributed to significant and ongoing uncertainty and volatility of markets. There is significant uncertainty as to the outcome of ongoing global trade negotiations, the extent of retaliatory measures taken by other countries and the ultimate impact on the U.S. and global economies. A prolonged period of policy-driven uncertainty and continued market volatility increases the likelihood of a slowdown in the U.S. and global economies and could impact the commercial real estate recovery, which could adversely affect valuations in our real estate portfolio. We also expect realization activity to remain muted in the face of such uncertainty and volatility. With respect to institutional fundraising, market volatility, uncertainty and geopolitical concerns have contributed to a limited number of investors pausing new commitments, but to date the overall impact on such fundraising has been immaterial. We have not seen a
broad-based
pullback in the private wealth channel, although a prolonged period of turbulence could adversely impact fundraising in the channel.
At the same time, the announced tariffs are likely to increase construction costs and further reduce already constrained new supply starts, including in certain sectors in which our global opportunistic and Core+ real estate portfolios are concentrated, such as logistics and rental housing. This should be supportive of real estate values over time, subject to inflation continuing to subside and absent recessionary conditions. Nevertheless, in certain markets and sectors with elevated near-term supply, including U.S. logistics and multifamily, growth has slowed and may moderate further. Select life science office, traditional office and U.K. student housing investments have also been negatively impacted by challenging sector dynamics and capital markets.
94
Table of Contents
Fee Related Earnings
Fee Related Earnings were $484.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, a decrease of $101.2 million, compared to $586.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024. The decrease in Fee Related Earnings was primarily attributable to a decrease of $92.2 million in Fee Related Performance Revenues and a decrease of $19.6 million in Management Fees, Net.
Fee Related Performance Revenues were $37.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, a decrease of $92.2 million, compared to $130.0 million for the three