Blackstone Inc.’s condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included within this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q.
In this report, references to “Blackstone,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” refer to Blackstone Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
Our Business
Blackstone is the world’s largest alternative asset manager. We generate revenue from fees earned pursuant to contractual arrangements with funds, fund investors and fund portfolio companies (including management, transaction and monitoring fees), and from capital markets services. We also invest in the funds we manage and we are entitled to a pro-rata share of the income of the fund (a “pro-rata allocation”). In addition to a pro-rata allocation, and assuming certain investment returns are achieved, we are entitled to a disproportionate allocation of the income otherwise allocable to the limited partners, commonly referred to as carried interest (“Performance Allocations”). In certain structures, we receive a contractual incentive fee from an investment fund based on achieving certain investment returns (an “Incentive Fee,” and together with Performance Allocations, “Performance Revenues”). The composition of our revenues will vary based on market conditions and the cyclicality of the different businesses in which we operate. Net investment gains and investment income generated by the Blackstone Funds are driven by the performance of the underlying investments as well as overall market conditions. Fair values are affected by changes in the fundamentals of our portfolio companies and other investments, the industries in which they operate, the overall economy and other market conditions.
Our business is organized into four segments:
Real Estate
Our Real Estate business is a global leader in real estate investing and operates as one globally integrated business, with investments across the globe, including in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Our real estate investment teams seek to utilize our global expertise and presence to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our investors.
62
Table of Contents
Our Blackstone Real Estate Partners (“BREP”) business is geographically diversified and targets a broad range of opportunistic real estate and real estate-related investments. The BREP platform includes global funds as well as funds focused specifically on Europe or Asia investments. BREP seeks to invest thematically in high-quality assets, focusing where we see outsized growth potential driven by global economic and demographic trends. BREP has made significant investments in logistics, data centers, rental housing, hospitality, office and retail properties around the world, as well as in a variety of real estate operating companies.
Our Core+ real estate strategy invests in substantially stabilized real estate globally primarily through perpetual capital vehicles. The strategy includes our (a) Blackstone Property Partners (“BPP”) funds, which are focused on high-