to compete effectively in our businesses will depend upon our ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees.
For additional information concerning the competitive risks that we face, see “—Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — The asset management business is intensely competitive.”
16
Table of Contents
Sustainability
Our investors have relied on our relentless commitment to excellence for nearly 40 years. Our
sustainability
efforts are anchored in our goal of generating strong returns for investors to fulfill our fiduciary duty. We have pursued attractive investments in companies and assets that are part of the global energy transition. Our approach includes efforts to help select portfolio companies measure emissions and capture cost savings through energy management. Senior management reports quarterly to our board of directors, which reviews our sustainability strategy, including on the basis of periodic reports from management addressing relevant matters and practices.
At Blackstone, our people are our most valuable asset. We believe teams with a diverse breadth of backgrounds and experiences contribute to better outcomes. We believe building inclusive workplaces positions us and our portfolio companies to access a broad pool of qualified talent, including from historically under-tapped talent pools, and foster inclusive cultures that generate lasting value for our investors. See “— Human Capital Management.”
Human Capital Management
Blackstone’s employees are integral to our culture of integrity, professionalism, excellence and cooperation, and the intellectual capital possessed by them is critical to our success.
We believe a workforce reflecting a diverse breadth of backgrounds and experiences makes us better investors and a better firm. Our talent strategy leverages a people-driven framework based on four key pillars: recruiting, talent development, community and inclusion, and accountability. We believe that by focusing on each of these pillars and investing in our people and our culture, we will create an inclusive environment that helps expand our access to the best available talent and drives retention and advancement opportunities for our employees.
To that end, our employee resource groups, which are open to all employees, serve as a platform for our professionals to expand cultural awareness and connect to other employees, including through speaker series, professional development opportunities and social events. We also seek to enable ourselves and our portfolio companies to access a broad pool of qualified talent, including through firm programs aimed at introducing talented undergraduate students to financial services and Blackstone and portfolio programs aimed at helping our portfolio companies access historically under-tapped talent pools.
Our board of directors plays an active role in reviewing our human capital management efforts. To that end, senior management reviews