jurisdiction outside of the United States, may implement changes to their FCPA or anti-money laundering policies that would provide such managers access to investment opportunities that may not be available to us because of our current policies and procedures.
Furthermore, we may also be adversely affected if there is misconduct by personnel of our funds’ portfolio companies or by such companies’ service providers. For example, financial fraud or other deceptive practices at our funds’ portfolio companies, or failures by personnel at our funds’ portfolio companies to comply with
anti-corruption,
anti-bribery,
anti-money
laundering, trade and economic sanctions, export controls,
anti-harassment,
anti-discrimination
or other legal and regulatory requirements, could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties or material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct and securities litigation, and could also cause significant reputational and business harm to us. Such misconduct may undermine our due diligence efforts with respect to such portfolio companies and could negatively affect the valuations of the investments by our funds in such portfolio companies. Losses to our funds and us could also result from misconduct or other actions by service providers, such as administrators, consultants or other advisors, if such service providers improperly use or disclose confidential information, misappropriate funds, or violate legal or regulatory obligations. Moreover, we may face an increased risk of such misconduct to the extent our funds’ investment in
non-U.S.
markets, particularly emerging markets, increases.
51
Table of Contents
Poor performance of our investment funds would cause a decline in our revenue, income and cash flow, may obligate us to repay Performance Allocations previously paid to us, and could adversely affect our ability to raise capital for future investment funds.
In the event that any of our investment funds were to perform poorly, our revenue, income and cash flow would decline because the value of our assets under management would decrease, which would result in a reduction in management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the Performance Revenues we earn. Moreover, we could experience losses on our investments of our own principal as a result of poor investment performance by our investment funds. Furthermore, if a carry fund does not achieve certain investment returns over its life as a result of poor performance of later investments, we will be obligated to repay the excess Performance Allocations that were previously distributed to us above the amount to which the relevant general partner is ultimately entitled. Similarly, certain of our vehicles’ terms require an offset of Performance Revenues related to past performance, often referred to as a “recoupment of loss carryforward.” If a recoupment of loss carryforward is triggered, including as a result