bylaws. This
choice-of-forum
provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a different judicial forum, including one that it may find favorable or convenient for a specified class of disputes with Blackstone or our directors, officers, other stockholders or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our amended and restated bylaws inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.
None.
80
Table of Contents
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
Blackstone maintains a comprehensive cybersecurity program, including policies and procedures designed to protect our systems, operations and the data entrusted to us by our investors, employees, portfolio companies and business partners from anticipated threats or hazards. Blackstone utilizes a variety of protective measures as a part of its cybersecurity program. These measures include, where appropriate, physical and digital access controls, patch management, identity verification and mobile device management software, new hire and annual employee cybersecurity awareness and best practices training programs, security baselines and tools to report anomalous activity, and monitoring of data usage, hardware and software.
We test our cybersecurity defenses regularly through automated and manual vulnerability scanning, to identify and remediate critical vulnerabilities. In addition, we conduct annual “white hat” penetration tests to validate our security posture. We examine our cybersecurity program every two to three years with third parties, evaluating its effectiveness in part by considering industry standards and established frameworks, such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology and Center for Internet Security, as guidelines. Further, we engage in cybersecurity incident tabletop exercises and scenario planning exercises involving hypothetical cybersecurity incidents to test our cybersecurity incident response processes. Our Chief Security Officer (the “CSO”) and members of senior management, Legal and Compliance, Technology and Innovations (“BXTI”) and Global Corporate Affairs participate in these exercises. Learnings from these tabletop exercises and any cybersecurity events we experience are reviewed, discussed and incorporated into our cybersecurity incident response processes, as appropriate.
In addition to our internal exercises to test aspects of our cybersecurity program, we periodically
engage
independent third parties to analyze data on the interactions of users of our information technology resources, including employees, and conduct penetration tests and