other items, projections of taxable income (including the character of such income), beginning with historic results and incorporating assumptions of the amount of future pretax operating income. These assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates that Blackstone uses to manage its business. To the extent any portion of the deferred tax assets are not considered to be more likely than not to be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded.
Revisions in estimates and/or actual costs of a tax assessment may ultimately be materially different from the recorded accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, if any.
147
Table of Contents
Recent Accounting Developments
Information regarding recent accounting developments and their impact on Blackstone, if any, can be found in Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “ — Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.
Our predominant exposure to market risk is related to our role as general partner or investment adviser to the Blackstone Funds and the sensitivities to movements in the fair value of their investments, including the effect on management fees, performance revenues and investment income. See “Part I. — Item 1. Business — Investment Process and Risk Management.”
Effect on Fund Management Fees
Blackstone earns base management fees from its customers at a fixed percentage of a calculation base. For a description of our accounting policy on revenue recognition and management fee calculation bases, generally, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Revenue Recognition” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “ — Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” Management fees will only be directly affected by short-term changes in market conditions to the extent they are based on NAV, gross asset value (“GAV”), or represent permanent impairments of value. These management fees will be increased (or reduced) in direct proportion to the effect of changes in the fair value of our investments in the related funds. The proportion of our management fees that are based on NAV or GAV is dependent on the number and types of Blackstone Funds, vehicles, or separately managed accounts in existence and the current stage of each fund’s life cycle. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the percentages of our fund management fees based on the NAV or GAV of the applicable funds or separately managed accounts, were as follows:
Market Risk
The Blackstone Funds hold investments which are reported at fair value and Blackstone invests directly in securities measured at fair value. Based on the fair value as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we estimate that a 10% decline in the fair value of investments, excluding equity securities without a readily determinable fair value measured in accordance