investors, the activities of our funds’ portfolio companies and a variety of other claims.
In addition, to the extent investors in our investment funds suffer losses resulting from fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct, investors may have remedies against us, our investment funds, our senior managing directors or our affiliates under the federal securities law and/or state law. While the general partners and investment advisers to our investment funds, including their directors, officers, other employees and affiliates, are generally indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by law with respect to their conduct in connection with the management of the business and affairs of our investment funds, such indemnity does not extend to actions determined to have involved fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct. The activities of our capital markets services business may also subject us to the risk of liabilities to our clients and third parties, including our clients’ stockholders, under securities or other laws in connection with transactions in which we participate. See “—Underwriting activities by our capital markets services business expose us to risks.” We depend to a large extent on our business relationships and our reputation for integrity and
high-caliber
professional services to attract and retain investors and to pursue investment opportunities for our funds. As a result, allegations by private actors, regulators, or employees of improper conduct by us, even if unfounded, as well as negative publicity and press speculation about us, may harm our reputation. This could adversely impact our relationships with clients and our fundraising. In recent years, there has been increased activity on the part of certain activist and other organized groups, with respect to investments made by private funds. Such groups have at times contacted and otherwise sought to engage with government and regulatory bodies and fund investors, including public pension funds, on our funds’ investments, which has led to negative publicity that could harm our reputation. The pervasiveness of social media and public focus on the externalities of business activities could lead to wider dissemination of adverse or inaccurate information about us, making remediation more difficult and magnifying reputational risk.
50
Table of Contents
Employee misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subjecting us to significant legal liability and reputational harm. Fraud, deceptive practices or other misconduct at portfolio companies or service providers could similarly subject us to liability and reputational damage and also harm performance.
Our employees could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. We are subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over the assets managed by our asset