temporary differences is as follows:
The decrease in the Net Deferred Tax Assets for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, was primarily due to an out-of-period adjustment Blackstone recorded to correct the allocation of book equity between Additional Paid-In-Capital and Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings
203
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
related to change in ownership transactions, including repurchases, which had a corresponding impact to the investment basis used to calculate deferred taxes. The cumulative impact of the correction related to prior years resulted in a decrease of $
317.1
million in Deferred Tax Assets as of December 31, 2024, with a corresponding increase to Additional Paid-in-Capital as of December 31, 2024. Realization of deferred tax assets depends on the expectation and character of future taxable income. Blackstone has no significant net operating losses carryforward as of December 31, 2024. See Note 15. “Earnings Per Share and Stockholders’ Equity — Share Repurchase Program” for further information on the out-of-period adjustment.
Blackstone has determined that deferred tax assets recorded during the period related to certain state and local tax credits are not more likely than not to be realized and therefore has established a valuation allowance of $
21.2
million as of December 31, 2024.
In evaluating the ability to realize deferred tax assets, Blackstone among other things, considers projections of taxable income (including character of such income), beginning with historic results and incorporating assumptions of the amount of future pretax operating income. These assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates that Blackstone uses to manage its business. To the extent any portion of the deferred tax assets are not considered to be more likely than not to be realized, valuation allowances are recorded.
Currently, Blackstone does not believe it meets the indefinite reversal criteria that would preclude Blackstone from recognizing a deferred tax liability with respect to its foreign subsidiaries. Therefore, if applicable Blackstone recorded a deferred tax liability for any outside basis difference of an investment in a foreign subsidiary.
Blackstone files its tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. In the normal course of business, Blackstone is subject to examination by federal and certain state, local and foreign tax authorities. As of December 31, 2024, the most material jurisdictions where Blackstone entities are under active examination are New York State and City.
The following are the major filing jurisdictions and their respective earliest open period subject to examination:
Blackstone’s unrecognized tax