immediately thereafter, the senior managing director will not, directly or indirectly:
“Competitive business” means any business that competes with our business, including any businesses that we are actively considering conducting at the time of the senior managing director’s termination of employment, so long as the senior managing director knows or reasonably should have known about such plans, in any geographical or market area where we or our affiliates conduct business or provide our products or services.
Non-Solicitation
. During the term of employment of each senior managing director, and during the Restricted Period immediately thereafter, the senior managing director will not, directly or indirectly, in any manner solicit any of our employees to leave their employment with us or hire any such employee who was employed by us as of the date of the senior managing director’s termination or who left employment with us within one year prior to or after the date of the senior managing director’s termination. Additionally, each senior managing director may not solicit or encourage to cease to work with us any consultant or senior advisers that the senior managing director knows or should know is under contract with us.
In addition, during the term of employment of each senior managing director, and during the Restricted Period immediately thereafter, the senior managing director will not, directly or indirectly, in any manner solicit the business of any client or prospective client of ours with whom the senior managing director, employees reporting to the senior managing director, or anyone whom the senior managing director had direct or indirect responsibility over had personal contact or dealings on our behalf during the three-year period immediately preceding the senior managing director’s termination. Senior managing directors who are employed in our asset management businesses are subject to a similar
non-solicitation
covenant with respect to investors and prospective investors in our investment funds.
Non-Interference
and
Non-Disparagement
. During the term of employment of each senior managing director, and during the Restricted Period immediately thereafter, the senior managing director may not interfere with business relationships between us and any
252
Table of Contents
of our clients, customers, suppliers or partners. Each senior managing director is also prohibited from disparaging us in any way. However, such interference and disparagement prohibitions are subject to certain limitations as required by law.
Restricted Period
. For purposes of the foregoing covenants, the “Restricted Period” will generally be defined as follows:
Intellectual Property
. Each senior managing director is subject to customary intellectual property covenants with respect to works created, invented, designed or developed by such senior managing director that are relevant to or implicated by employment with us.
Specific Performance
. In the case of any