governmental regulatory authorities or
self-regulatory
organizations that supervise the financial markets. Our business also may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations by these governmental authorities and
self-regulatory
organizations. Further, new regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations, including with respect to climate matters, which could materially increase the regulatory burden imposed on us, our funds or our funds’ portfolio companies.
The
Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the
“Dodd-Frank
Act”), enacted in July 2010, imposed significant changes on almost every aspect of the U.S. financial services industry, including aspects of our business. The
Dodd-Frank
Act created the FSOC, an interagency body charged with identifying and monitoring systemic risk to financial markets. The FSOC can designate certain financial companies as nonbank financial companies subject to supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve Board”). If we were to be designated as such by the FSOC, or if any of our business activities were to be identified by the FSOC as warranting enhanced regulation or supervision by certain regulators, we could be subject to a materially greater regulatory burden. This could adversely impact our compliance and other costs, the implementation of certain of our investment strategies and our profitability. Under the
Dodd-Frank
Act, whistleblowers who voluntarily provide original information to the SEC can receive compensation and protection, including payment equal to between 10% and 30% of certain monetary sanctions imposed in a successful government action resulting from the information provided by the whistleblower.
Whistleblower claims have increased significantly since the enactment of these provisions and in the 2023 fiscal year the SEC awarded approximately $600 million to 68 individuals. Addressing such claims could generate significant expenses and take up significant management time for us and our funds’ portfolio companies, even if such claims are frivolous or without merit.
Rule
206(4)-5
under the Advisers Act regulates “pay to play” practices by investment advisers involving campaign contributions and other payments to elected state and local officials who have the ability to, directly or indirectly, influence the hiring of an investment adviser by a government entity. The rule prohibits investment advisers from providing advisory services for compensation to a government plan investor for two years, subject to limited exceptions, after the investment adviser, its senior executives or certain other “covered associates” make a disqualifying political contribution or payment to any such government official. There have also been similar rules on at the state level. Any failure on our part to comply with such rules could result in enforcement