provisions, in accordance with the respective terms set out in each vehicle’s governing agreements. Such allocations are typically realized at the end of the measurement period and, once realized, are typically not subject to clawback or reversal. In particular, our ability to generate and realize these amounts is an important element of our business. Such allocations in certain of our Perpetual Capital strategies contribute a significant and growing portion to our overall revenues.
14
Table of Contents
The following is a general description of the Performance Revenues earned by Blackstone in structures other than carry funds:
Advisory and Transaction Fees
Some of our investment advisers or their affiliates receive customary fees (for example, acquisition, origination and other transaction fees) upon consummation of their funds’ transactions, and may from time to time receive advisory, monitoring and other fees in connection with their activities. For most of the funds where we receive such fees, we are required to reduce the management fees charged to the funds’ investors by 50% to 100% of such limited partner’s share of such fees.
Capital Invested In and Alongside Our Investment Funds
To further align our interests with those of investors in our investment funds, we have invested the firm’s capital and that of our personnel in the investment funds we sponsor and manage. Minimum general partner capital commitments to our investment funds are determined separately with respect to each of our investment funds and, generally, are less than 5% of the limited partner commitments of any particular fund. See “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources” for more information regarding our minimum general partner capital commitments to our funds. We determine whether to make general partner capital commitments to our funds in excess of the minimum required commitments based on, among other things, our anticipated liquidity, working capital and
15
Table of Contents
other capital needs. In many cases, we require our senior managing directors and other professionals to fund a portion of the general partner capital commitments to our funds. In other cases, we may from time to time offer to our senior managing directors and employees a part of the funded or unfunded general partner commitments to our investment funds. Our general partner capital commitments are funded with cash and not with carried interest or deferral of management fees.
Investors in many of our funds also receive the opportunity to make additional
“co-investments”
with the investment funds. Our personnel, as well as Blackstone itself and certain Blackstone relationships, also have the opportunity to make investments, in or alongside our funds and other vehicles we manage, in some instances without being subject to management fees, carried interest or incentive fees. In certain cases, limited partner