Fee Related Performance Revenues), less Realized Performance Compensation (which refers to Realized Performance Compensation excluding Fee Related Performance Compensation and Equity-Based Performance Compensation).
Realized Performance Compensation reflects an increase, pursuant to a separate compensation program, in the aggregate Realized Performance Compensation paid to certain of our professionals above the amounts allocable to them based upon the percentage participation in the relevant performance plans previously awarded to them. The expectation is that for the full year 2025, Fee Related Compensation will be decreased by the total amount of additional Performance Compensation awarded for the year in respect of this compensation program. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, Realized Performance Compensation was increased by an aggregate
68
Table of Contents
of $21.3 million and Fee Related Compensation was decreased by $21.3 million. These changes to Realized Performance Compensation and Fee Related Compensation reduced Net Realizations, increased Fee Related Earnings and had a negative impact to Income Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes and Distributable Earnings in the three months ended March 31, 2025. These changes are not expected to impact Income Before Provision (Benefits) for Taxes and Distributable Earnings for the year ending December 31, 2025. These changes had an impact on individual quarters in 2024 but did not impact Income Before Provision (Benefits) for Taxes and Distributable Earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Fee Related Earnings
Fee Related Earnings is a performance measure used to assess Blackstone’s ability to generate profits from revenues that are measured and received on a recurring basis and not subject to future realization events. Blackstone believes Fee Related Earnings is useful to stockholders as it provides insight into the profitability of the portion of Blackstone’s business that is not dependent on realization activity. Fee Related Earnings equals management and advisory fees (net of management fee reductions and offsets) plus Fee Related Performance Revenues, less (a) Fee Related Compensation on a segment basis and (b) Other Operating Expenses. Fee Related Earnings is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes. See “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for our reconciliation of Fee Related Earnings.
Fee Related Compensation is presented on a segment basis and refers to the compensation expense, excluding Equity-Based Compensation, directly related to (a) Management and Advisory Fees, Net and (b) Fee Related Performance Revenues, referred to as Fee Related Performance Compensation.
Fee Related Performance Revenues refers to the realized portion of Performance Revenues from Perpetual Capital that are (a) measured and received on a recurring basis and (b) not dependent on realization