qualify for some exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements of the New York Stock Exchange.” We currently utilize the second and third of these exemptions. In the event that we cease to be a “controlled company” and our shares of common stock continue to be listed on the NYSE, we will be required to comply with these provisions within the applicable transition periods. While we are exempt from the NYSE rules requiring a majority of independent directors, we currently have and intend to continue to maintain a majority independent board of directors.
234
Table of Contents
Our board of directors has a total of eight members, including five members, Messrs. Breyer, Brown and Parrett, and Mses. Lazarus and Porat, who are independent under NYSE rules relating to corporate governance matters and the independence standards described in our governance policy. In addition, Mr. Mulroney and Ms. Ayotte, who ceased to be directors on our board of directors effective February 29, 2024 and November 14, 2024, respectively, each satisfied the independence requirements of the NYSE during his or her respective tenure.
Board Committees
Our board of directors has three standing committees: the audit committee, the compensation committee and the executive committee.
Audit Committee
. The audit committee consists of Messrs. Parrett (Chairman) and Breyer and Mses. Ayotte, Lazarus and Porat. The purpose of the audit committee is, among other things, to assist the board of directors in fulfilling its responsibility with respect to its oversight of (a) the quality and integrity of our financial statements, (b) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (c) our independent auditor’s qualification, independence and performance, and (d) the performance of our internal audit function. The audit committee’s responsibilities also include reviewing with management, the independent auditors and internal audit, the areas of material risk to our operations and financial results, including, without limitation, major financial and cybersecurity risks and exposures and our guidelines and policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. The members of the audit committee meet the independence standards and financial literacy requirements for service on an audit committee of a board of directors pursuant to the NYSE listing standards and SEC rules applicable to audit committees. The board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Parrett and Mses. Lazarus and Porat is an “audit committee financial expert” within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of
Regulation S-K.
The audit committee has a charter, which is available on our website at http://ir.blackstone.com under “Corporate Governance.”
Compensation Committee
. The compensation committee consists of Mr. Schwarzman. The purpose of the compensation committee is, among other things, to fix, and establish policies for, the compensation of officers and employees of the Company and its