Persons — Registration Rights Agreement.” While the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and related agreements contractually restrict the ability of Blackstone personnel to transfer the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or Blackstone Inc. common stock they hold and require that they maintain a minimum amount of equity ownership during their employ by us, these contractual provisions may lapse over time or be waived, modified or amended at any time.
As of February 21, 2025, we had granted 52,898,279 outstanding deferred restricted shares of common stock and 8,879,032 outstanding deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to our
non-senior
managing director professionals and senior managing directors under the Blackstone Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (“2007 Equity Incentive Plan”). The aggregate number of shares of common stock and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (together, “Shares”) covered by our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan is increased on the first day of each fiscal year during its term by a number of Shares equal to the positive difference, if any, of (a) 15% of the aggregate number of Shares outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year (excluding Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by Blackstone Inc. or its wholly owned subsidiaries) minus (b) the aggregate number of Shares covered by our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan as of such date (unless the administrator of the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan should decide to increase the number of Shares covered by the plan by a lesser amount). An aggregate of 173,433,328 additional Shares were available for grant under our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan as of February 21, 2025. We have filed a registration statement and intend to file additional registration statements on Form
S-8
under the Securities Act to register common stock covered by the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (including pursuant to automatic annual increases). Any such Form
S-8
registration statement will automatically become effective upon filing. Moreover, we have filed a registration statement on Form
S-3
under the Securities Act to register common stock, among other securities, for future offerings. Accordingly, common stock registered under such registration statement will be available for sale in the open market.
In addition, the Blackstone Holdings partnership agreements authorize the wholly owned subsidiaries of Blackstone Inc. which are the general partners of those partnerships to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership securities of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, and which may be exchangeable for our shares of common stock.
Our certificate of incorporation also provides us with a right to acquire all of the then outstanding shares of common stock