against the Revolving Credit Facility of $40.4 million and $38.9 million, respectively. The amount Blackstone can draw from the Credit Facility is reduced by the undrawn letters of credit.
Unobservable inputs were weighted based on the fair value of the investments included in the range.
Fee related performance compensation may include equity-based compensation based on fee related performance revenues.
This adjustment reverses the effect of consolidating Blackstone Funds, which are excluded from Blackstone’s segment presentation. This adjustment includes the elimination of Blackstone’s interest in these funds, the removal of amounts attributable to the reimbursement of certain expenses by the Blackstone Funds and certain NAV-based fee arrangements, which are presented on a gross basis under GAAP but as a reduction of Management and Advisory Fees, Net in the Total Segment measures, and the removal of amounts associated with the ownership of Blackstone consolidated operating partnerships held by non-controlling interests.
Represents the (1) removal of Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items that are not recorded in the Total Segment measures, (2) removal of amounts attributable to certain expenses that are reimbursed by the Blackstone Funds and certain NAV-based fee arrangements, which are presented on a gross basis under GAAP but as a reduction of Management and Advisory Fees, Net in the Total Segment measures, and (3) a reduction equal to an administrative fee collected on a quarterly basis from certain holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units which is accounted for as a capital contribution under GAAP, but is reflected as a reduction of Other Operating Expenses in Blackstone’s segment presentation.
Represents (1) the add back of Principal Investment Income, including general partner income, earned from consolidated Blackstone funds which have been eliminated in consolidation, and (2) the removal of amounts associated with the ownership of Blackstone consolidated operating partnerships held by non-controlling interests.
Represents the removal of Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items that are not recorded in the Total Segment measures.
Represents (1) the add back of net management fees earned from consolidated Blackstone Funds which have been eliminated in consolidation, and (2) the removal of amounts attributable to the reimbursement of certain expenses by the Blackstone Funds and certain NAV-based fee arrangements, which are presented on a gross basis under GAAP but as a reduction of Management and Advisory Fees, Net in the Total Segment measures.
Represents the add back of Performance Revenues earned from consolidated Blackstone funds which have been eliminated in consolidation.
This adjustment adds an amount equal to an administrative fee collected on a quarterly basis from certain holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. The administrative fee is accounted for as a capital contribution under GAAP, but is reflected