Management Fees and/or Performance Revenues.
Our investment funds make investments in illiquid investments or financial instruments for which there is little, if any, market activity. We determine the value of such investments and financial instruments on at least a quarterly basis based on the fair value of such investments as determined in accordance with GAAP. The fair value of such investments and financial instruments is generally determined using a primary methodology and corroborated by a secondary methodology. Methodologies are used on a consistent basis and described in Blackstone’s and the investment funds’ valuation policies and governing agreements.
55
Table of Contents
The determination of fair value using these methodologies takes into consideration a range of factors including, but not limited to, the price at which the investment was acquired, the nature of the investment, local market conditions, trading values on public exchanges for comparable securities, comparable market transactions, current and projected operating performance and financing transactions subsequent to the acquisition of the investment. These valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of subjective management judgment. For example, as to investments that we share with another sponsor, we may apply a different valuation methodology or factors or derive a different value than such other sponsor on the same investment. In addition, the valuations of our private investments may at times differ significantly from the valuations of publicly traded companies in similar sectors or with similar business models.
For example, valuations of our private investments do not have an observable market price and may take into account certain
long-term
financial projections or estimates, including those prepared by the management of a portfolio company or other investment. Such projections or estimates may not materialize and are based on significant judgments and assumptions at the time they are developed and may not be available to the public. Valuations of publicly traded companies, on the other hand, are based on the observable price in the reference market which are generally subject to a higher degree of market volatility. These differences, and the potential exercise of our subjective judgment, might cause some investors and/or regulators to question our valuations or methodologies. There can be no assurance that our policies will address all necessary valuation factors or completely eliminate potential conflicts of interest in such determinations. The SEC continues to focus on issues related to valuation of private funds, including consistent application of the methodology, disclosure, and conflicts of interest, in its enforcement, examination, and rulemaking activities. Further, variation in the underlying assumptions, estimates, methodologies and/or judgments we use in the determination of the value of certain investments and financial instruments could