in any market environment, combined with the business’ expertise in structuring complex transactions, enables Tactical Opportunities to invest in attractive market areas, often with securities that provide downside protection and maintain upside return.
8
Table of Contents
Strategic Partners is a total fund solutions provider. As a secondary investor, it acquires interests in high-quality private funds from original holders seeking liquidity. Strategic Partners focuses on a range of opportunities in underlying funds such as private equity, real estate, infrastructure, venture and growth capital, credit and other types of funds, as well as general
partner-led
transactions and primary investments and
co-investments
with financial sponsors. Strategic Partners also provides investment advisory services to separately managed account clients investing in primary and secondary investments in private funds and
co-investments.
GP Stakes targets minority investments in the general partners of private equity and other private market alternative asset management firms globally, with a focus on delivering a combination of recurring annual cash flow yield and long-term capital appreciation.
BIP targets a diversified mix of core+, core and public-private partnership investments across all infrastructure sectors, including energy infrastructure, transportation, digital infrastructure and water and waste. BIP applies a disciplined, operationally intensive investment approach to investments, seeking to apply a long-term
buy-and-hold
strategy to large-scale infrastructure assets with a focus on delivering stable, long-term capital appreciation together with a predictable annual cash flow yield.
BXLS invests across the life cycle of companies and products within the life sciences sector. BXLS primarily focuses on investments in life sciences products in late-stage clinical development within the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical technology sectors.
BXG seeks to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns by investing in dynamic, growth-stage businesses, with a focus on the consumer, consumer technology, enterprise solutions, financial services and healthcare sectors.
BXPE invests primarily in privately negotiated, equity-oriented investments, leveraging Blackstone’s private equity talent and investment capabilities to create an attractive portfolio of alternative investments diversified across geographies and sectors.
BXINFRA invests primarily in infrastructure equity, secondaries and credit strategies, leveraging Blackstone’s infrastructure talent and investment capabilities to create an attractive portfolio of alternative infrastructure investments.
Credit & Insurance
Our Credit & Insurance segment (“BXCI”) has approximately 685 employees and manages $375.5 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2024. BXCI offers its clients and borrowers a comprehensive solution across corporate and asset based credit, including investment grade and
non-