co-investment capital with an investor right to convert into Perpetual Capital. We believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it represents capital we manage that has a longer duration and the ability to generate recurring revenues in a different manner than traditional fund structures.
Dry Powder
Dry Powder represents the amount of capital available for investment or reinvestment, including general partner and employee capital, and is an indicator of the capital we have available for future investments. We believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides insight into the extent to which capital is available for Blackstone to deploy capital into investment opportunities as they arise.
71
Table of Contents
Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management
Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management represents invested capital at fair value on which performance revenues could be earned if certain hurdles are met. We believe Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management is useful to stockholders as it provides insight into the capital deployed that has the potential to generate performance revenues.
Consolidated Results of Operations
Following is a discussion of our consolidated results of operations. For a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected the results of our four business segments (which are presented on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds, eliminates non-controlling ownership interests in Blackstone’s consolidated operating partnerships and removes the amortization of intangibles assets and Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items) in these periods, see “—Segment Analysis” below.
The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations and certain key operating metrics for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:
72
Table of Contents
n/m  Not meaningful.
73
Table of Contents
Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Compared to Three Months Ended March 31, 2024
Revenues
Revenues were $3.3 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025, a decrease of $398.4 million, compared to $3.7 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2024. The decrease in Revenues was primarily attributable to a decrease of $469.2 million in Investment Income, which was primarily due to a decrease of $485.7 million in Unrealized Investment Income.
The $485.7 million decrease in Unrealized Investment Income was primarily attributable to lower net unrealized appreciation of investments in the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024. Principal drivers were:
Expenses
Expenses were $1.9 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025, an increase of $104.0 million, compared to $1.8 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase of $123.5 million in Total Compensation and Benefits, of which $234.6 million was an increase in Compensation, partially offset by a