fair value in good faith and in a manner that it reasonably chooses, in accordance with the requirements of GAAP.
The terms
of the investee’s investment generally provide for minimum holding periods or lock-ups, the institution of gates on redemptions or the suspension of redemptions or an ability to side pocket investments, at the discretion of the investee’s fund manager, and as a result, investments may not be redeemable at, or within three months of, the reporting date.
Security and loan transactions are recorded on a trade date basis.
Equity Method Investments
Investments in which Blackstone is deemed to exert significant influence, but not control, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting except in cases where the fair value option has been elected. Blackstone has significant influence over all Blackstone Funds in which it invests but does not consolidate. Therefore, its investments in such Blackstone Funds, which generally include both a proportionate and disproportionate allocation of the profits and losses (as is the case with funds that include a Performance Allocation), are accounted for under the equity method. Under the equity method of accounting, Blackstone’s share of earnings (losses) from equity method investments is included in Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
In cases where Blackstone’s equity method investments provide for a disproportionate allocation of the profits and losses (as is the case with funds that include a Performance Allocation), Blackstone’s share of earnings (losses) from equity method investments is determined using a balance sheet approach referred to as the hypothetical liquidation at book value (“HLBV”) method. Under the HLBV method, at the end of each reporting period, Blackstone calculates the Accrued Performance Allocations that would be due to Blackstone for each fund pursuant to the fund agreements as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. As the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as Accrued Performance Allocations to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general partner, or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to Blackstone to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to the Accrued
17
2
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Performance Allocation to the general partner. In each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the Accrued Performance Allocation on cumulative results compared to the Accrued Performance Allocation recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments.