the Kentucky Supreme Court directed the Circuit Court to dismiss the action for lack of standing.
212
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
In July 2020, the Kentucky Attorney General (the “AG”) filed its own action asserting substantially identical claims against largely the same defendants (the “July 2020 Action”). In May 2024, the Court denied the Blackstone Defendants’ and most other defendants’ motions to dismiss the July 2020 Action. In April 2024, the AG amended its complaint, adding breach-of-contract claims against the fund manager defendants. Defendants moved to dismiss this amended complaint in June 2024. Those motions are pending.
In August 2022, KRS was ordered to disclose a 2021 report it commissioned to investigate the investment activities underlying the lawsuit. The report “did not find any violations of fiduciary duty or illegal activity by [BLP],” and quotes communications by KRS staff during the period of the investment recognizing that BLP was exceeding KRS’s returns benchmark, providing KRS with “far fewer negative months than any liquid market comparable,” and that BLP “[h]as killed it.”
In January 2021, certain former plaintiffs in the Mayberry Action filed a separate action (“Taylor I”) against the Blackstone Defendants and other defendants in the Mayberry Action, asserting substantially similar allegations as the AG’s July 2020 action did, but styled as a direct class action. Taylor I was removed to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky and stayed pending the outcome of the AG’s July 2020 action.
In August 2021, a group of KRS members—including those that filed Taylor I—filed an action in Franklin County Circuit Court (“Taylor II”) substantially similar to Taylor I, against the Blackstone Defendants, other defendants named in the Mayberry Action, and other KRS officials. The Court denied most defendants’ motions to dismiss this action in May 2024. Defendants subsequently filed appeals, including a cross-appeal by the Blackstone Defendants, which is currently pending. Additionally, the Blackstone Defendants and the other fund manager defendants filed a petition for a writ of prohibition. On November 12, 2024, the Kentucky Court of Appeals denied defendants’ writ of prohibition, and defendants subsequently appealed to the Kentucky Supreme Court. Taylor II is stayed pending review of these appeals and cross-appeals.
In April 2021, the AG filed an action (the “Declaratory Judgment Action”) against BLP and the other fund manager defendants from the Mayberry Action in Franklin County Circuit Court, seeking a declaration that certain provisions in the subscription agreements with KRS violate the Kentucky Constitution. In August 2024, the Kentucky Supreme Court granted BLP’s motion for discretionary review of the Circuit Court’s grant of summary judgment to the AG. The appeal