management or result in limitations on the manner in which we or the companies in which we invest conduct business. We cannot predict at this time whether and the extent to which the current U.S. Presidential administration and
newly-appointed
senior officials at the SEC and other federal agencies will pursue these or other policy changes. Such changes or reforms may include, without limitation:
44
Table of Contents
In addition, future reviews by the FSOC of nonbank financial companies for designation as SIFIs may focus on other types of products and activities, such as nonbank lending activities conducted by certain of our businesses. If any of our activities were identified by the FSOC as posing potential risks to U.S. financial stability, such activities could be subject to modified or enhanced regulation or supervision by U.S. regulators with jurisdiction over such activities, although no proposals have been made indicating how such measures would be applied to any such identified activities.
Trade negotiations and related government actions may create regulatory uncertainty for our funds’ portfolio companies and our investment strategies and adversely affect the profitability of our funds’ portfolio companies.
In recent years, the U.S. government has indicated its intent to alter its approach to international trade policy and in some cases to renegotiate, or potentially terminate, certain existing bilateral or
multi-lateral
trade agreements and treaties with foreign countries, and has made proposals and taken actions related thereto. For example, the U.S. government has imposed, and may in the future further increase, tariffs on certain foreign goods, including from China, such as steel and aluminum. Some foreign governments, including China, have instituted retaliatory tariffs on certain U.S. goods. Most recently, the current U.S. Presidential administration has imposed or sought to impose significant increases to tariffs on goods imported into the U.S., including from China, Canada and Mexico. While the U.S. has reached an agreement with each of Canada and Mexico to delay the imposition of such tariffs until early March 2025, the administration has indicated intent to reinstate them. Tariffs on goods imported from China took effect in February 2025, and the administration has stated plans to increase such tariffs further. Tariffs on goods imported from China, and to the extent reinstated, from Canada and Mexico could further increase costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of products and services offered by current and future portfolio companies. This could materially adversely affect the revenues and profitability of select companies whose businesses rely on goods imported from countries that are subject to significant tariffs. Further governmental actions related to the imposition of tariffs or other trade barriers or changes to international trade agreements or policies in respect of other jurisdictions could also have a