purposes from time to time, Messrs. Schwarzman, Gray and Baratta or their affiliated entities, as applicable, receive from their respective manager all or substantially all of the charter charges, net of any fee retained by such manager. Each of Messrs. Schwarzman, Gray, and Baratta paid for his respective ownership interest in his aircraft himself and bore his respective share of all operating, personnel and maintenance costs associated with the operation of such aircraft. The hourly payments we made for use of such aircraft were based on current market rates.
Investment In or Alongside Our Funds
Our directors and executive officers may invest their own capital in or alongside our funds and other vehicles we manage, in some instances, without being subject to management fees, carried interest or incentive fees. For our carry funds, these investments may be made through the applicable fund general partner and fund a portion of the general partner capital commitments to our funds. These investment opportunities are available to all of our senior managing directors and to those of our employees whom we have determined to have a status that reasonably permits us to offer them these types of investments and in compliance with applicable laws. During the year ended December 31, 2024, our directors and executive officers (and, in some cases, certain investment trusts or other family vehicles or charitable organizations controlled by them or their immediate family members) had the following gross contributions relating to their personal investments (and the investments of any such trusts) in Blackstone funds and other Blackstone-managed vehicles: Mr. Schwarzman, Mr. Gray, Mr. Baratta, Mr. Breyer, Mr. Chae, Ms. Porat, Mr. Sawhney, Mr. Finley, Mr. Brown, and Mr. Parrett made gross contributions of $281.6 million, $39.9 million, $6.1 million, $4.3 million, $2.8 million, $1.3 million, $1.1 million, $0.6 million, $0.3 million, and $0.2 million, respectively.
Statement of Policy Regarding Transactions with Related Persons
Our board of directors has adopted a written statement of policy regarding transactions with related persons, which we refer to as our “related person policy.” Our related person policy requires that a “related person” (as defined as in paragraph (a) of Item 404 of Regulation
S-K)
must promptly disclose to the Chief Legal Officer any “related person transaction” (defined as any transaction that is reportable by us under Item 404(a) of Regulation
S-K
in which we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds $120,000 and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest) and all material facts with respect thereto. The Chief Legal Officer will then promptly communicate that information to the board of directors. No related person transaction will be consummated without the approval or ratification of the board of directors or any committee of the board of directors consisting exclusively of