in 2024, down from 1.5% growth in 2023.
Capital markets activity expanded moderately, with global initial public offering volumes up 4% and global announced merger and acquisition volumes up 12% compared to 2023; however, both metrics remain below prior peak levels.
During 2024, the U.S. made meaningful progress on inflation and maintained a healthy economy, which helped improve investor sentiment. Nonetheless, continued geopolitical turbulence, the potential for slower-than-anticipated interest rate decreases, and U.S. trade, immigration and other policy and regulatory changes are contributing to economic outlook uncertainty, including a potential economic slowdown.
Notable Transactions
On December 6, 2024, Blackstone, through its indirect subsidiary Blackstone Reg Finance Co. L.L.C., issued $750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.000% senior notes due December 6, 2034 pursuant to a Registration Statement on
Form S-3
(the “Registered 2034 Notes”).
For additional information see Note 12. “Borrowings” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” and “— Liquidity and Capital Resources —Sources and Uses of Liquidity.”
87
Table of Contents
Organizational Structure
The simplified diagram below depicts our current organizational structure. The diagram does not depict all of our subsidiaries, including intermediate holding companies through which certain of the subsidiaries depicted are held.
Key Financial Measures and Indicators
We manage our business using certain financial measures and key operating metrics since we believe these metrics measure the productivity of our investment activities. We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). See “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” and “— Critical Accounting Policies.” Our key
non-GAAP
financial measures and operating indicators and metrics are discussed below.
Distributable Earnings
Distributable Earnings is derived from Blackstone’s segment reported results. Distributable Earnings is used to assess performance and amounts available for dividends to Blackstone stockholders, including Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. Distributable Earnings is the sum of Segment Distributable Earnings plus Net Interest and Dividend Income (Loss) less Taxes and Related Payables. Distributable Earnings excludes unrealized activity and is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes. See
“— Non-GAAP
Financial Measures” for our reconciliation of Distributable Earnings.
88
Table of Contents
Net Interest and Dividend Income (Loss) is presented on a segment basis and is