Tax Benefits
Blackstone recognizes tax positions in the consolidated financial statements when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on examination by the relevant taxing authority based on the technical merits of the position. A position that meets this standard is measured at the largest amount of benefit that will more likely than not be realized on settlement. A liability is established for differences between positions taken in the return and amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements. Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are reported on the related liability line in the consolidated financial statements.
176
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Net Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock
Basic Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock is calculated by dividing Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Blackstone Inc. by the weighted-average shares of common stock, unvested participating shares of common stock outstanding for the period and vested deferred restricted shares of common stock that have been earned for which issuance of the related shares of common stock is deferred until future periods. Diluted Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock reflects the impact of all dilutive securities. Unvested participating shares of common stock are excluded from the computation in periods of loss as they are not contractually obligated to share in losses.
Blackstone applies the treasury stock method to determine the dilutive weighted-average common shares outstanding for certain equity-based compensation awards. Blackstone applies the “if-converted” method to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to determine the dilutive impact, if any, of the exchange right included in the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Blackstone applies the contingently issuable share model to contracts that may require the issuance of shares.
Reverse Repurchase and Repurchase Agreements
Securities purchased under agreements to resell (“reverse repurchase agreements”) and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (“repurchase agreements”), generally comprised of U.S. and non-U.S. government and agency securities, asset backed securities and corporate debt, represent collateralized financing transactions. Such transactions are recorded within Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at their contractual amounts and include accrued interest. The carrying value of reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements approximates fair value.
Blackstone manages credit exposure arising from reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements by, in appropriate circumstances, entering into master netting agreements and collateral arrangements with counterparties that provide Blackstone, in the event of a