certain assets or investments and the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to access capital markets, which could adversely affect investment and realization opportunities, lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income.
Although the U.S. Federal Reserve lowered interest rates three times over the course of 2024, it has expressed an expectation that any such decreases would be slower going forward. Accordingly, significant uncertainty remains regarding the timing and extent of future interest rate decreases. Elevated interest rates create downward pressure on the value of certain assets owned by our funds, including, among others, real estate and
fixed-rate
debt. A
slower-than-expected
decrease, or a further increase in, interest rates would continue to present a challenge for the valuations of such assets, as well as for fundraising in certain of our strategies targeting
high-net-worth
investors. An increase in interest rates could also contribute to a period of economic slowdown, which would create operating performance challenges for certain of our funds’ investments. Relatedly, opportunities to realize value from certain of our funds’ investments are likely to continue to be more limited if interest rates remain at high levels for an extended period. For example, certain real estate sectors and operating companies could be affected given the potential adverse impact on equity prices and caution on the part of potential acquirers. Further, our funds have faced, and could continue to face, difficulty in realizing value from investments due to sustained declines in equity market values as a result of concerns regarding interest rates.
In recent years, high interest rates have increased the cost of debt financing for the transactions our funds pursue. A significant contraction or weakening in the market for debt financing or other adverse change relating to the terms of debt financing (such as, for example, higher equity requirements and/or more restrictive covenants), particularly in the area of acquisition financings for private equity and real estate transactions, could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, a portion of the indebtedness used to finance certain fund investments often includes
high-yield
debt securities issued in the capital markets. Availability of capital from the
high-yield
debt markets is subject to significant volatility, and there may be times when we might not be able to access those markets at attractive rates, or at all, when completing an investment. Further, the financing of acquisitions or the operations of our funds’ portfolio companies with debt may become less attractive due to limitations on the deductibility of corporate interest expense. See “— Changes in U.S. and foreign taxation of businesses and other tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could adversely affect us, including by