underwriting, diligencing, negotiating, executing, managing and exiting investments. For those of our businesses with review committees and/or investment committees, such committees review and evaluate investment opportunities in a framework that includes a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the key risks of investments. In such businesses, investment professionals generally submit investment opportunities for review and approval by a review committee and/or investment committee, subject to delineated exceptions set forth in the funds’ investment committee charters or resolutions. Review and investment committees are generally comprised of senior leaders and other senior professionals of the applicable investment business, and in many cases, other senior leaders of Blackstone and its businesses. Considerations that review and investment committees take into account when evaluating an investment may include, without limitation and depending on the nature of the investing business and its strategy, the quality of the business or asset in which the fund proposes to invest, the quality of the management team, likely exit strategies and factors that could reduce the value of the business or asset at exit, the ability of the business in which the investment is made to service debt in a range of economic and interest rate environments, macroeconomic trends in the relevant geographic region or industry and the quality of the businesses’ operations. In addition, certain of our business units maintain their own sustainability policies that address, among other things, sustainability factors applicable to their respective investment strategies. Existing investments are reviewed and monitored on a regular basis by investment and asset management professionals. In addition, our investment professionals and Portfolio Operations professionals work with our portfolio company senior executives to identify opportunities to drive operational efficiencies and growth.
Before our BXMA and Secondaries teams decide to invest in an investment fund or an alternative asset manager, as applicable, they conduct diligence in a number of areas. Depending on the nature of the investment, these areas may include, among others, the fund’s/manager’s performance, investment terms, investment strategy and investment personnel, as well as its operations, processes, risk management and internal controls. With respect to liquid credit clients and other clients whose portfolios are actively traded in our Credit & Insurance segment, our industry-focused research analysts provide the review and/or investment committee with a formal and comprehensive review of new investment recommendations and portfolio managers and trading professionals discuss, among other things, risks associated with overall portfolio composition. Our Credit & Insurance segment’s research team monitors the operating performance of underlying issuers, while portfolio managers, together with our traders, focus