the general partner based either on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to limited partners or based on vehicle performance over a period of time, subject to a high water mark and preferred return to investors. At the end of each reporting period, Blackstone calculates the balance of accrued Performance Allocations (“Accrued Performance Allocations”) that would be due to Blackstone for each fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. As the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as Accrued Performance Allocations to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to Blackstone to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general partner. In each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the Accrued Performance Allocation on cumulative results compared to the Accrued Performance Allocation recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. Blackstone ceases to record negative Performance Allocations once previously Accrued Performance Allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. Blackstone is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative Performance Allocations over the life of a fund. Accrued Performance Allocations as of the reporting date are reflected in Investments in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.
Performance Allocations in carry fund structures are realized when an underlying investment is profitably disposed of and the fund’s cumulative returns are in excess of the preferred return or, in limited instances, after certain thresholds for return of capital are met. Performance Allocations in carry fund structures are subject to clawback to the extent that the Performance Allocation received to date exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results. As such, the accrual for potential repayment of previously received Performance Allocations, which is a component of Due to Affiliates, represents all amounts previously distributed to Blackstone Holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would need to be repaid to the Blackstone carry funds if the Blackstone carry funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying funds’ investments as of the reporting date. The actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain funds, which may have an interim clawback liability. Performance Allocations in open-ended structures are realized based on the stated time