later of February 14, 2027 or the date of Mr. Schwarzman’s death. The profit sharing percentage for any carried interest awarded in new funds launched after Mr. Schwarzman’s termination of service shall generally be set at 50% of the profit sharing percentage Mr. Schwarzman held in the most recent corresponding predecessor fund prior to his termination of employment or, in the case of new funds without a corresponding predecessor fund prior to Mr. Schwarzman’s termination of service, a profit sharing percentage set at 50% of the median of the aggregate profit sharing percentages held by Mr. Schwarzman at the time of his termination of service.
While currently Mr. Schwarzman is entitled to invest in or alongside our investment funds without being subject to management fees or carried interest, this has been extended to continue until ten years following the date of Mr. Schwarzman’s death as to Mr. Schwarzman, his estate and related entities.
On July 1, 2019, in connection with Blackstone’s conversion from a limited partnership to a corporation and with the approval of the conflicts committee advised by independent counsel, we amended this agreement to address the ongoing compensation to be received by Mr. Schwarzman. Pursuant to the amended agreement, Mr. Schwarzman is entitled to distributions and benefits in amounts and at levels that are consistent with current practices. In addition, the amended agreement provides that, prior to Mr. Schwarzman’s termination of service, the profit sharing percentage for any carried interest in new funds in which there is a corresponding predecessor fund shall be set at the same profit sharing percentage he or related entities held in the most recent such predecessor fund and, in the case where there is no such predecessor fund, the profit sharing percentage shall be set at the median profit sharing percentage owned by him or related entities across all funds existing at the time in question. In connection with the amended agreement, Mr. Schwarzman informed the former conflicts committee of our board of directors that he has no current plan to retire.
Senior Managing Director Agreements
We have entered into substantially similar senior managing director agreements with each of our named executive officers and other senior managing directors, other than our founder. The agreements generally provide that each senior managing director will devote substantially all of his or her business time, skill, energies and attention to us in a diligent manner. Each senior managing director will be
248
Table of Contents
paid distributions and receive benefits in amounts determined by Blackstone from time to time in its sole discretion. The agreements require us to provide the senior managing director with 90 days’ prior written notice prior to terminating his or her service with us (other than a termination for cause). Additionally, the agreements with our named executive officers require each senior managing director to give