estimate that as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, a one percentage point increase parallel shift in global yield curves would result in the following impact on Other Revenue:
Credit Risk
Certain Blackstone Funds and the Investee Funds are subject to certain inherent risks through their investments.
Our portfolio of liquid assets contains certain credit risks including, but not limited to, exposure to uninsured deposits with financial institutions, unsecured corporate bonds and mortgage-backed securities. These exposures are actively monitored on a continuous basis and positions are reallocated based on changes in risk profile, market or economic conditions.
150
Table of Contents
We estimate that our annualized investment income would decrease, if credit spreads were to increase by one percentage point, as follows:
Certain of our entities hold derivative instruments that contain an element of risk in the event that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of such agreements. We minimize our risk exposure by limiting the counterparties with which we enter into contracts to banks and investment banks that meet established credit and capital guidelines. We do not expect any counterparty to default on its obligations and therefore do not expect to incur any loss due to counterparty default.
151
Table of Contents
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
152
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Blackstone Inc.:
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Blackstone Inc. and subsidiaries (“Blackstone”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). We also have audited Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Blackstone as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, Blackstone maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by COSO.
Basis for Opinions
Blackstone’s management is responsible for