Holdings Partnership Units to shares of Blackstone common stock, the resulting remeasurement of net deferred tax assets at the Blackstone ownership percentage at the balance sheet date, the due to affiliates for the future payments resulting from the tax receivable agreements and resulting adjustment to partners’ capital are included as Deferred Tax Asset Effects from Equity Transactions in the Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Other
Blackstone does business with and on behalf of some of its Portfolio Companies; all such arrangements are on a negotiated basis.
Additionally, please see Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Guarantees” for information regarding guarantees provided to a lending institution for certain loans held by employees.
18. Commitments and Contingencies
Commitments
Investment Commitments
Blackstone had $
6.4
billion of investment commitments as of December 31, 2024 representing general partner capital funding commitments to the Blackstone Funds, limited partner capital funding to other funds and Blackstone principal investment commitments, including loan commitments. The consolidated Blackstone Funds had signed investment commitments of $
127.2
million as of December 31, 2024 which includes $
104.0
million of signed investment commitments for portfolio company acquisitions in the process of closing.
Regulated Entities
Certain U.S. and non-U.S. entities are subject to various investment adviser and other financial regulatory rules and requirements that may include minimum net capital requirements. These entities have continuously operated in excess of these requirements. This includes a number of U.S. entities that are registered as investment advisers with the SEC.
These regulatory capital requirements may restrict Blackstone’s ability to withdraw capital from its entities. At December 31, 2024, $
92.8
million of net assets of consolidated entities may be restricted as to the payment of cash dividends and advances to Blackstone.
211
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Contingencies
Guarantees
Certain of Blackstone’s consolidated real estate funds guarantee payments to third parties in connection with the ongoing business activities and/or acquisitions of their Portfolio Companies. There is no direct recourse to Blackstone to fulfill such obligations. To the extent that underlying funds are required to fulfill guarantee obligations, Blackstone’s invested capital in such funds is at risk. Total investments at risk in respect of guarantees extended by consolidated real estate funds was $
28.4
million as of December 31, 2024.
The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships provided guarantees to a lending institution for certain loans held by employees either for investment in Blackstone Funds or for