eligible),
(d) gross asset value, (e) fair value of investments, or (f) the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, of CLOs.
91
Table of Contents
Assets may be raised in one vehicle or business unit and subsequently invested in or managed or advised by another vehicle or business unit.
Fee-Earning
Assets Under Management are reported in the segment where the Total Assets Under Management are reported to the extent
fee-paying
to Blackstone.
While
Fee-Earning
Assets Under Management generally reflects Total Assets Under Management on which we are entitled to earn management fees,
Fee-Earning
Assets Under Management may also include Total Assets Under Management on which we are entitled to earn only performance revenues. Our calculation of
Fee-Earning
Assets Under Management may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. Our definition of
Fee-Earning
Assets Under Management may differ from the definition set forth in the agreements governing the vehicles that we manage or advise.
Commitment-based drawdown structured funds generally do not permit investors to redeem their interests at their election. Certain of our open-ended vehicles generally afford an investor the right to withdraw or redeem their interests on a periodic basis (for example, annually, quarterly or monthly), typically with 2 to 95 days’ notice, depending on the fund and the liquidity profile of the underlying assets. In our perpetual capital vehicles where redemption rights exist, redemption requests are required to be fulfilled only (a) in Blackstone’s or the vehicles’ board’s discretion, as applicable, (b) to the extent there is sufficient new capital, or (c) where such required redemptions are limited in quantum, such as interval funds or in certain insurance-dedicated vehicles. Investment advisory agreements related to certain SMAs in our Credit & Insurance and Multi-Asset Investing segments, excluding SMAs in our insurance platform, may generally be terminated by an investor on 15 to 95 days’ notice. SMAs in our insurance platform can generally only be terminated for long-term underperformance, cause and certain other limited circumstances, in each case subject to Blackstone’s right to cure.
Perpetual Capital
“Perpetual Capital” refers to the component of assets under management with an indefinite term, that is not in liquidation, and for which there is no requirement to return capital to investors through redemption requests in the ordinary course of business, except where funded by new capital inflows or where required redemptions are limited in quantum. Perpetual Capital includes
co-investment
capital with an investor right to convert into Perpetual Capital.
In our Perpetual Capital vehicles where redemption rights exist, redemption requests are required to be fulfilled only (a) in Blackstone’s or the vehicles’ board’s discretion,