payable to its limited partners before the general partner is eligible to receive carried interest) and would have been above their carried interest thresholds even if all remaining investments were valued at zero. BREP IX, BREP VIII, BREDS IV and BREDS III were above their carried interest thresholds as of March 31, 2025, while BREP Asia II and BREP Europe V were below their carried interest thresholds. Funds are considered above their carried interest thresholds based on the aggregate fund position, although individual limited partners may be below their respective carried interest thresholds in certain funds.
Private Equity
The following table presents the results of operations for our Private Equity segment:
Three Months Ended March 31, 2025 Compared to Three Months Ended March 31, 2024
Segment Distributable Earnings were $564.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, an increase of $64.2 million, compared to $500.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024. The increase in Segment Distributable Earnings was attributable to an increase of $127.9 million in Fee Related Earnings, partially offset by a decrease of $63.7 million in Net Realizations.
Our Private Equity segment exhibited positive performance across all strategies in the first quarter of 2025. Recently announced tariffs in the U.S., however, have contributed to significant and ongoing uncertainty and volatility of markets. There is significant uncertainty as to the outcome of ongoing global trade negotiations, the extent of retaliatory measures taken by other countries and the ultimate impact on the U.S. and global economies. We believe a relatively limited proportion of the Private Equity segment’s portfolio is exposed to direct first-order impacts from the announced tariffs. A relatively small number of companies, however, could be materially impacted
97
Table of Contents
due to sales of physical goods into the U.S. with material international supply chain dependencies. A slowdown in the U.S. and global economies as a result of a prolonged period of policy-driven uncertainty and continued market volatility would more broadly adversely affect valuations in our Private Equity segment funds. We also expect realization activity to remain muted in the face of such uncertainty and volatility. With respect to institutional fundraising, market volatility, uncertainty and geopolitical concerns have contributed to a limited number of investors pause making new commitments, but to date the overall impact on such fundraising has been immaterial. We have not seen a broad-based pullback in the private wealth channel, although a prolonged period of turbulence could adversely impact fundraising in the channel.
Fee Related Earnings
Fee Related Earnings were $376.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, an increase of $127.9 million, compared to $248.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024. The increase in Fee Related Earnings was primarily attributable to