voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock and Series I preferred stock may vote to require the Series II Preferred Stockholder to transfer its shares of Series II preferred stock to a successor Series II Preferred Stockholder designated by the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock and Series I preferred stock.
Other matters that are required to be submitted to a vote of the holders of our common stock generally require the approval of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding shares of common stock and Series I preferred stock, voting together as a single class, including certain sales, exchanges or other dispositions of all or substantially all of our assets, a merger, consolidation or other business combination, certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation and the designation of a successor Series II Preferred Stockholder. Holders of our Series I preferred stock, as such, will collectively be entitled to a number of votes equal to the aggregate number of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by the limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships on the relevant record date and will vote together with holders of our common stock as a single class. As of February 21, 2025, Blackstone Partners L.L.C., an entity owned by the senior managing directors of Blackstone and controlled by Mr. Schwarzman, owned the only share of Series I preferred stock outstanding, representing approximately 38.5% of the total combined voting power of the common stock and Series I preferred stock, taken together.
Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain additional provisions affecting the holders of our common stock, including certain limits on the ability of the holders of our common stock to call meetings, to acquire information about our operations and to influence the manner or direction of our management. In addition, any person that beneficially owns 20% or more of the common stock then outstanding (other than the Series II Preferred Stockholder or its affiliates, a direct or subsequently approved transferee of the Series II Preferred Stockholder or its affiliates or a person or group that has acquired such stock with the prior approval of our board of directors) is unable to vote such stock on any matter submitted to such stockholders.
Moreover, we are not required to file proxy statements or information statements under Section 14 of the Exchange Act except in circumstances where a vote of holders of our common stock is required under our certificate of incorporation or Delaware law, such as a merger, business combination or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, we will generally not be subject to the
“say-on-pay”
and
“say-on-frequency”
provisions of the
Dodd-Frank
Act. As a result, our common stockholders do not have an opportunity to provide a
non-binding
vote on the compensation of our named executive officers. Moreover, holders