Speaker Series. Blackstone employees are trained or enrolled in compliance training when they start at the firm, and we retrain employees globally at least once annually. Over the course of their careers at Blackstone, employees are offered learning opportunities in a number of areas including leadership and management development and communication skills, among others. We offer a global development curriculum on key capabilities required to succeed at Blackstone, and we partner with external organizations to deliver training programs for our employees. We consistently seek to create visibility and opportunities for talent to take on roles beyond their current positions, and for managers to connect regularly to discuss and match talent with critical roles. These efforts result in cross-pollination of talent that we believe engages our people and generates stronger outcomes for the firm.
As discussed below, we seek to retain and incentivize the performance of our employees through our compensation structure. We also enter into
non-competition
and
non-solicitation
agreements with certain employees. See “Part III. Item 11. Executive Compensation —
Non-Competition
and
Non-Solicitation
Agreements” for a description of the material terms of such agreements.
Compensation, Benefits and Wellness
Our compensation is designed to motivate and retain employees and align their interests with those of the investors in our funds. In particular, incentive compensation for our senior managing directors and employees involves a combination of annual cash bonus payments and performance interests or deferred equity awards, which we believe encourages them to focus on the performance of our investment funds and the overall performance of the firm. The proportion of compensation that is “at risk” generally increases as an employee’s level of responsibility rises. Employees at higher total compensation levels are generally targeted to receive a greater percentage of their total compensation payable in annual cash bonuses, participation in performance interests and deferred equity awards and a lesser percentage in the form of base salary compared to employees at lower total compensation levels. To further align their interests with those of investors in our funds, we provide employees with the opportunity to make investments in or alongside certain of the funds and other vehicles we manage. We also provide our employees and their families robust health and wellbeing offerings, including
time-off
options and family planning resources.
We believe our current compensation and benefit allocations for senior professionals are best in class and are consistent with companies in the alternative asset management industry. Our senior management periodically reviews the effectiveness and competitiveness of our compensation program. Most of our current senior managing
18
Table of Contents
directors and other senior personnel have equity interests in our business that entitle such