HLBV method, at the end of each reporting period, Blackstone calculates the Accrued Performance Allocations that would be due to Blackstone for each fund pursuant to the fund agreements as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date,
20
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. As the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as Accrued Performance Allocations to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general partner, or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to Blackstone to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general partner. In each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the Accrued Performance Allocation on cumulative results compared to the Accrued Performance Allocation recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. Blackstone ceases to record negative Performance Allocations once previously Accrued Performance Allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. Blackstone is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative Performance Allocations over the life of a fund. The carrying amounts of equity method investments are reflected in Investments in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.
Strategic Partners’ results presented in Blackstone’s condensed consolidated financial statements are reported on a three-month lag from Strategic Partners’ fund financial statements, which report the performance of underlying investments generally on a same quarter basis, if available. Therefore, Strategic Partners’ results presented herein do not reflect the impact of economic and market activity in the current quarter. Current quarter market activity of Strategic Partners’ underlying investments is expected to affect Blackstone’s reported results in upcoming periods.
Compensation and Benefits
Compensation and Benefits
—
Compensation
— Compensation consists of (a) salary and bonus, and benefits paid and payable to employees and senior managing directors and (b) equity-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to employees and senior managing directors. Compensation cost relating to the issuance of equity-based awards to senior managing directors and employees is measured at fair value at the grant date, and expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line basis, taking into consideration expected forfeitures, except in the case of (a) equity-based awards that do not require future service, which are expensed immediately, and