investment
grade. BXCI is one of the largest credit managers and CLO managers in the world. The investment portfolios BXCI’s credit platform manages or
sub-advises
consist primarily of loans and securities of
non-investment
and investment grade companies spread across the capital structure including senior debt, subordinated debt, preferred stock and common equity.
BXCI is organized into three overarching credit investing strategies: private corporate credit, liquid corporate credit and infrastructure and asset based credit. The private corporate credit strategies include mezzanine and direct lending funds, private placement strategies, stressed/distressed strategies and SMAs. The direct lending funds include Blackstone Private Credit Fund (“BCRED”) and Blackstone Secured Lending Fund (“BXSL”), both of which are business development companies (“BDCs”). The liquid corporate credit strategies consist of CLOs, closed-ended funds, open-ended funds, systematic strategies and SMAs. The infrastructure and asset based credit strategies include energy strategies (including our sustainable resources platform) and asset based finance strategies focused on privately originated, income-oriented credit assets secured by physical, financial or residential real estate collateral.
9
Table of Contents
Our insurance platform focuses on providing full investment management services for insurance and reinsurance accounts, seeking to deliver customized and diversified portfolios consisting primarily of investment grade credit, including through Blackstone’s private credit origination capabilities. Through this platform, we provide our clients tailored portfolio construction, strategic asset allocation, and specialized analytical tools. While focusing on policyholder protection, we seek to achieve risk-managed, liability-matched and capital-efficient returns, as well as diversification and capital preservation. We also provide similar services to clients through SMAs or by
sub-managing
assets for certain insurance-dedicated funds and special purpose vehicles.
Multi-Asset Investing
Our Multi-Asset Investing segment (“BXMA”) has approximately 240 employees managing $84.2 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2024. BXMA, the world’s largest discretionary allocator to hedge funds, seeks to grow investors’ assets through investment strategies designed to deliver, primarily through the public markets, compelling risk-adjusted returns.
BXMA is organized into two primary platforms: Absolute Return and Multi-Strategy. Absolute Return is designed to pursue consistent, efficient and diversifying returns across multiple market environments. Absolute Return manages a broad range of commingled and customized fund solutions, a seeding business and registered funds that provide alternative asset solutions through daily liquidity products. Multi-Strategy aims to generate strong risk-adjusted returns through opportunistic, asset-class agnostic investing, including