adversely impacting our effective tax rate and tax liability.”
If our funds were unable to obtain committed debt financing for potential acquisitions, or could only obtain debt financing at an increased interest rate or on unfavorable terms or the ability to deduct corporate interest expense is substantially limited, our funds may face increased competition from strategic buyers of assets who may have an overall lower cost of capital or the ability to benefit from a higher amount of cost savings following an acquisition. In addition, high interest rates, coupled with periods of significant equity and credit market volatility, may potentially make it more difficult for us to find attractive opportunities for our funds to exit and realize value from their existing investments.
Our funds’ portfolio companies also regularly utilize the corporate debt markets to obtain financing for their operations. To the extent monetary policy, tax or other regulatory changes or difficult credit markets render such financing difficult to obtain, more expensive or otherwise less attractive, this may also negatively impact the financial results of those portfolio companies and, therefore, the investment returns on our funds and our revenues. In addition, to the extent that (a) market conditions, and/or tax or other regulatory changes make it difficult or not possible to refinance debt that is maturing in the near term, or (b) such refinancing would result in a rating agency viewing a portfolio company as having incurred an excessive amount of debt, some of our funds’ portfolio companies may be unable to repay such debt at maturity and may be forced to sell assets, undergo a recapitalization or seek bankruptcy protection.
25
Table of Contents
A decline in the pace or size of investments made by our funds may adversely affect our revenues.
The revenues that we earn are driven in part by the pace at which our funds make investments and the size of those investments, and a decline in the pace or the size of such investments may reduce our revenues. In particular, in recent years we have meaningfully increased the number of perpetual capital vehicles we offer and the assets under management in such vehicles. The fees we earn from our perpetual capital vehicles, including our Core+ real estate strategy, represent a significant and growing portion of our overall revenues. If our funds, including our perpetual capital vehicles, are unable to deploy capital at a sufficient pace, our revenues would be adversely impacted. Many factors could cause a decline in the pace of investment, including a market environment characterized by high prices, the inability of our investment professionals to identify attractive investment opportunities, competition for such opportunities among other potential acquirers, decreased availability of financing on attractive terms or at all or decreased availability of investor capital, including as a result of a challenging fundraising environment or