between groups that are on the private side of our information barrier and groups that are on the public side, as well as between different public side groups. Our compliance group also monitors contractual obligations that may be impacted and potential conflicts that may arise in connection with these inter-group discussions.
In addition, disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting are documented, tested and assessed for design and operating effectiveness in accordance with the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Internal Audit, which independently reports to the audit committee of our board of directors, operates with a global mandate and is responsible for the examination and evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of the organization’s governance and risk management processes and internal controls. Internal Audit is designed to improve our firmwide operations through a systematic and disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, internal controls, and governance processes. Internal Audit conducts its audits in accordance with professional standards, and its findings and recommendations are reported to senior management and the audit committee of our board of directors.
Our enterprise risk management framework is designed to manage
non-investment
risk areas across the firm, such as financial, human capital, legal, operational, regulatory, legislative, reputational and technology risks. Our enterprise risk committee assists Blackstone management to identify, assess, monitor and mitigate such key enterprise risks at the corporate, business unit and fund level. The enterprise risk committee is chaired by our Chief Financial Officer and is comprised of senior management across business units, corporate functions and regional locations. Senior management reports to the audit committee of the board of directors on the agenda of risk topics evaluated by the enterprise risk committee and provides periodic risk reports, a summary of key risks to the firm, and detailed assessments of selected risks, as applicable.
21
Table of Contents
Additionally, our firmwide valuation committee reviews the valuation process for investments held by us and our investment vehicles, including the application of appropriate valuation standards on a consistent basis. The firmwide valuation committee is chaired by our Chief Financial Officer and is comprised of members of senior management, senior leaders from our businesses and representatives from legal and finance.
Further, the review committees and/or investment committees of our businesses review and evaluate investment opportunities in a framework that includes a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the key risks of investments. See “—Investment Process and Risk Management.”
There are a number of pending or recently enacted legislative and regulatory initiatives that could significantly affect our business. Please see “—Item 1A. Risk