Fee Related Performance Revenues refers to the realized portion of Performance Revenues from Perpetual Capital that are (a) measured and received on a recurring basis and (b) not dependent on realization events from the underlying investments.
Other Operating Expenses is presented on a segment basis and is equal to General, Administrative and Other Expenses, adjusted to (a) remove transaction-related and
non-recurring
items that arise from corporate actions including acquisitions, divestitures, Blackstone’s initial public offering and
non-recurring
gains, losses or other charges, if any, (b) remove certain expenses reimbursed by the Blackstone Funds which are netted against Management and Advisory Fees, Net in Blackstone’s segment presentation and (c) give effect to an administrative fee collected on a quarterly basis from certain holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. The administrative fee is accounted for as a capital contribution under GAAP, but is reflected as a reduction of Other Operating Expenses in Blackstone’s segment presentation.
Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation and Amortization
Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation and Amortization (“Adjusted EBITDA”), is a supplemental measure used to assess performance derived from Blackstone’s segment results and may be used to assess its ability to service its borrowings. Adjusted EBITDA represents Distributable Earnings plus the addition of (a) Interest Expense on a segment basis, (b) Taxes and Related Payables and (c) Depreciation and Amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes. See “—
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures” for our reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA.
Net Accrued Performance Revenues
Net Accrued Performance Revenues is a
non-GAAP
financial measure Blackstone believes is useful to stockholders as an indicator of potential future realized performance revenues based on the current investment portfolio of the funds and vehicles we manage. Net Accrued Performance Revenues represents the accrued performance revenues receivable by Blackstone, net of the related accrued performance compensation payable by Blackstone, excluding performance revenues that have been realized but not yet distributed as of the reporting date and clawback amounts, if any. Net Accrued Performance Revenues is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Investments. See “—
Non-GAAP
Financial Measures” for our reconciliation of Net Accrued Performance Revenues and Note 2 “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Equity Method Investments” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for additional information on the calculation of Investments — Accrued Performance Allocations.
90
Table of Contents
Operating