subsidiaries are subject to regulations promulgated and administered by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”). The FSMA and rules promulgated thereunder form the cornerstone of legislation which governs all aspects of our investment business in the United Kingdom, including sales, provision of investment advice, use and safekeeping of client funds and securities, regulatory capital, recordkeeping, approval standards for individuals, anti-money laundering, periodic reporting and settlement procedures. Blackstone Europe LLP (“BELL”) acts as a
sub-advisor
to its Blackstone U.S. affiliates in relation to the investment and
re-investment
of Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) based assets of Blackstone Funds, arranging transactions to be entered into by or on behalf of Blackstone Funds, and providing certain related services. BELL’s principal place of business is in London, and it has a branch in Abu Dhabi Global Market. BELL does not currently have a MiFID II cross border passport to provide investment services into the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Accordingly, BELL can only provide investment services in certain EEA jurisdictions where it has obtained a domestic license on a cross-border services basis (currently, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Spain and Italy), or can operate pursuant to an exemption or relief (currently Ireland, Liechtenstein and Norway). These operations are, however, in certain cases subject to limitations.
Blackstone Ireland Limited (“BIL”) is authorized and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland (“CBI”) as an Investment Firm under the (Irish) European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017, as amended (the “MiFID Regulations”). BIL’s principal activity is the provision of management and advisory services to certain CLOs and
sub-advisory
services to certain Blackstone affiliates. Blackstone Ireland Fund Management Limited (“BIFM”) is authorized and regulated by the CBI as an Alternative Investment Fund Manager under the (Irish) European Union (Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations) 2013 (“AIFMRs”). BIFM acts as AIFM and provides investment management functions including portfolio management, risk management, administration, marketing and related activities to its alternative investment funds in accordance with AIFMRs and the conditions imposed by the CBI as set out in the CBI’s alternative investment fund rulebook.
Blackstone Europe Fund Management S.à r.l. (“BEFM”) is authorized as (a) an Alternative Investment Fund Manager under the Luxembourg Law of 12 July 2013 on alternative investment fund managers (as amended, the “AIFM Law”), which implements AIFMD in Luxembourg and (b) a management company under the Law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment (as amended, the “UCITS Law”), which implements UCITS Directive in Luxembourg. BEFM may also provide discretionary portfolio management services and investment advice in accordance with the AIFM Law and the UCITS Law, as