Policy.” The partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships provide for cash distributions, which we refer to as “tax distributions,” to the partners of such partnerships if the wholly owned subsidiaries of Blackstone Inc. which are the general partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships determine that the taxable income of the relevant partnership will give rise to taxable income for its partners.
260
Table of Contents
Generally, these tax distributions are computed based on our estimate of the net taxable income of the relevant partnership allocable to a partner multiplied by an assumed tax rate equal to the highest effective marginal combined U.S. federal, state and local income tax rate prescribed for an individual or corporate resident in New York, New York (taking into account the
non-deductibility
of certain expenses and the character of our income). Tax distributions are made only to the extent all distributions from such partnerships for the relevant year are insufficient to cover such tax liabilities.
Subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units may be exchanged for shares of common stock as described under “- Exchange Agreement” below. In addition, the Blackstone Holdings partnership agreements authorize the wholly owned subsidiaries of Blackstone Inc., which are the general partners of those partnerships, to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership securities of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, and which may be exchangeable for shares of our common stock.
See “—Item 11. Executive Compensation — Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2024 — Terms of Discretionary Equity Awards” for a discussion of minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions applicable to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. The generally applicable minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions are outlined in the sections referenced in the preceding sentence. There may be some different arrangements for some individuals in some instances. In addition, we may waive these requirements and restrictions from time to time.
In addition, substantially all of our expenses, including substantially all expenses solely incurred by or attributable to Blackstone Inc. but not including obligations incurred under the tax receivable agreement by Blackstone Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, income tax expenses of Blackstone Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiaries and payments on indebtedness incurred by Blackstone Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, are borne by Blackstone Holdings.
Exchange Agreement
In connection with the