interests in the predecessor businesses from the predecessor owners. In addition, holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units may exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for shares of Blackstone common stock on a one-for-one basis. The purchase and subsequent exchanges are expected to result in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings and therefore reduce the amount of tax that Blackstone would otherwise be required to pay in the future.
Blackstone has entered into tax receivable agreements with each of the predecessor owners. In addition, others who acquire Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, including senior managing directors, execute tax receivable agreements. The agreements provide for the payment by the corporate taxpayer to such owners of
85
% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that the corporate taxpayers actually realize as a result of the aforementioned increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into these tax receivable agreements. For purposes of the tax receivable agreements, cash savings in income tax will be computed by comparing the actual income tax liability of the corporate taxpayers to the amount of such taxes that the corporate taxpayers would have been required to pay had there been no increase to the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings as a result of the exchanges and had the corporate taxpayers not entered into the tax receivable agreements.
210
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Assuming no future material changes in the relevant tax law and that the corporate taxpayers earn sufficient taxable income to realize the full tax benefit of the increased amortization of the assets, the expected future payments under the tax receivable agreements (which are taxable to the recipients) will aggregate $
1.8
billion over the next
15
years. The after-tax net present value of these estimated payments totals $
529.9
million assuming a
15
% discount rate and using Blackstone’s most recent projections relating to the estimated timing of the benefit to be received. Future payments under the tax receivable agreements in respect of subsequent exchanges would be in addition to these amounts. The payments under the tax receivable agreements are not conditioned upon continued ownership of Blackstone equity interests by the pre-IPO owners and the others mentioned above. Subsequent to December 31, 2024, payments totaling $
46.3
million were made to certain pre-IPO owners and others mentioned above in accordance with the tax receivable agreement and related to tax benefits Blackstone received for the 2023 taxable year.
Amounts related to the deferred tax asset resulting from the increase in tax basis from the exchange of Blackstone