preferred stock and
one
share of Series II preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024.
Under Blackstone’s certificate of incorporation and Delaware law, holders of Blackstone’s common stock are entitled to vote, together with holders of Blackstone’s Series I preferred stock, voting as a single class, on a number of significant matters, including certain sales, exchanges or other dispositions of all or substantially all of Blackstone’s assets, a merger, consolidation or other business combination, the removal of the Series II Preferred Stockholder and forced transfer by the Series II Preferred Stockholder of its shares of Series II preferred stock and the designation of a successor Series II Preferred Stockholder. The Series II Preferred Stockholder elects Blackstone’s directors. Holders of Blackstone’s Series I preferred stock and Series II preferred stock are not entitled to dividends from Blackstone, or receipt of any of Blackstone’s assets in the event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding up. Blackstone Partners L.L.C. is the sole holder of the Series I preferred stock and Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. is the sole holder of the Series II preferred stock.
Share Repurchase Program
On July 16, 2024, Blackstone’s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $
2.0
billion of common stock and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. This authorization replaced Blackstone’s prior $2.0 billion repurchase authorization. Under the repurchase program, repurchases may be made from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual numbers repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The repurchase program may be changed, suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, Blackstone repurchased
3.9
million shares of common stock at a total cost of $
392.0
million. During the year ended December 31, 2023, Blackstone repurchased
3.7
million shares of common stock at a total cost of $
351.3
million. During the year ended December 31, 2024, Blackstone repurchased
4.0
million shares of common stock at a total cost of $
520.4
million. As of December 31, 2024, the amount remaining available for repurchases under the program was $
1.8
billion.
Change in Blackstone Inc. Ownership Interest
During the year ended December 31, 2024, Blackstone recorded an out-of-period adjustment to correct the allocation of book equity between Additional Paid-In-Capital and Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings related to change in ownership transactions, including repurchases, and the corresponding impact to the investment basis used to calculate deferred taxes. The cumulative impact of the correction related to prior years
206
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All