current and accumulated earnings and profits, with any excess dividends treated as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder’s basis.
The following graph shows fiscal quarterly and annual per common stockholder dividends for 2024, 2023 and 2022. Dividends are declared and paid in the quarter subsequent to the quarter in which they are earned.
141
Table of Contents
With respect to fiscal year 2024, we paid to stockholders of our common stock a dividend of $0.83, $0.82, $0.86 and $1.44 per share in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating to $3.95 per share of common stock. With respect to fiscal years 2023 and 2022, we paid stockholders of our common stock aggregate dividends of $3.35 per share and $4.40 per share, respectively.
Leverage
We may under certain circumstances use leverage opportunistically and over time to create the most efficient capital structure for Blackstone and our stockholders. In addition to the borrowings from our note issuances and our revolving credit facility, we may use asset based financing arrangements, including but not limited to, margin loans, reverse repurchase agreements, repurchase agreements and securities sold, not yet purchased. Reverse repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to take advantage of opportunistic yields otherwise absent in the overnight markets and also to use the collateral received to cover securities sold, not yet purchased. Repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to opportunistically yield higher spreads on purchased securities. The balances held in these financial instruments fluctuate based on Blackstone’s liquidity needs, market conditions and investment risk profiles.
The following table presents information regarding these financial instruments which are included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition:
142
Table of Contents
Critical Accounting Policies
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. In applying many of these accounting principles, we need to make assumptions, estimates and/or judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. These assumptions, estimates and/or judgments, however, are often subjective. Actual results may be affected negatively based on changing circumstances. If actual amounts are ultimately different from our estimates, the revisions are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. We believe the following critical accounting policies could potentially produce materially different results if we were to change underlying assumptions, estimates and/or judgments. For a description of our accounting policies, see Note 2.