including sovereign wealth funds and public pension funds, have demonstrated an increased preference for alternatives to the traditional investment fund structure, such as managed accounts, smaller funds and
co-investment
vehicles. There can be no assurance that such alternatives will be as profitable for us as the traditional investment fund structure, or as to the impact such a trend could have on the cost of our operations or profitability if we were to implement these alternative investment structures.
29
Table of Contents
Although we have no obligation to modify any of our fees with respect to our existing funds, we may experience pressure to do so in our funds, including in response to regulatory focus by the SEC on the quantum and types of fees and expenses charged by private funds. We have confronted and expect to continue to confront requests from a variety of investors and groups representing investors to decrease fees, which could result in a reduction in the fees and Performance Revenues we earn.
The asset management business is intensely competitive.
The asset management business is intensely competitive. Competition is based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, the quality of client service, investor availability of capital and willingness to invest, fund terms (including fees and liquidity terms), brand recognition and business reputation. Our asset management business competes with a number of private funds, specialized investment funds, funds structured for individual investors, hedge funds, funds of hedge funds and other sponsors managing pools of capital, as well as corporate buyers, traditional asset managers, commercial banks, investment banks and other financial institutions (including sovereign wealth funds). We expect that competition will continue to increase. For example, certain traditional asset managers have developed their own private equity and private wealth platforms and are marketing other asset allocation strategies as alternatives to hedge fund investments. A number of factors serve to increase our competitive risks:
30
Table of Contents
Additionally, technological innovation, including the use of artificial intelligence, has the potential to disrupt the financial industry and change the way financial institutions, including asset managers, do business. Some of our competitors may be more successful than we are in the development and implementation of new technologies, including services and platforms based on artificial intelligence, to address investor demand or improve operations. If we are unable to adequately advance our capabilities in these areas, or do so at a slower pace than others in our industry, we may be at a competitive disadvantage.
We may lose investment opportunities if we do not match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. Alternatively, we may experience decreased rates of return and increased risks of loss if we match investment prices,