products to investors. This risk is heightened by the continuing increase in the number of third parties through whom we distribute our investment products around the world and who we do not control. For example, in certain cases, we may be viewed by a regulator as responsible for the content of materials prepared by third parties.
Similarly, there is a risk that Blackstone employees involved in the direct distribution of our products, or employees who engage with independent advisors, brokerage firms and other third parties around the world involved in distributing our products, do not follow our compliance and supervisory procedures. In addition, the distribution of such products, including through new channels whether directly or through market intermediaries, could expose us to allegations of improper conduct and/or actions by state and federal regulators in the U.S. and regulators in jurisdictions outside of the United States. Such allegations or actions may be with respect to, among other things, product suitability, distributor eligibility, investor classification, compliance with securities laws, conflicts of interest and the adequacy of disclosure to investors to whom our products are distributed through those channels.
32
Table of Contents
As we expand the distribution of products to individual investors outside of the United States, we are increasingly exposed to risks in
non-U.S.
jurisdictions. In addition to risks similar to those that we face in the U.S., securities laws and other applicable regulatory regimes can be extensive, complex and vary by jurisdiction. In addition, the distribution of products to individual investors outside of the U.S. may involve complex structures (such as
distributor-sponsored
feeder funds or nominee/omnibus investors) and market practices that vary by local jurisdiction. As a result, this expansion subjects us to additional complexity, litigation and regulatory risk.
Our efforts to continue to grow the assets we manage on behalf of individual investors may not be successful. Furthermore, our initiatives to expand our individual investor base, including outside of the United States, requires the investment of significant time, effort and resources, including the potential hiring of additional personnel, the implementation of new operational, compliance and other systems and processes and the development or implementation of new technology. In addition, as the distribution of products to individual investors continues to grow across the alternative asset management industry, regulators may seek to impose new regulatory oversight, disclosure and other requirements that make such distribution more difficult or resource intensive.
We depend on our
co-founder
and other key senior managing directors and personnel, and the loss of their services would have a material adverse effect on our business, results and financial condition.
We depend on the efforts, skill, reputations and business contacts of our
co-