not be withdrawn. As a result, amounts relating to third-party interests in such consolidated vehicles are presented as Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. When redeemable amounts become legally payable to investors, they are classified as a liability and included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. For all consolidated vehicles in which redemption rights have not been granted, non-controlling interests are presented within Equity in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities.
Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings
Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings represent the component of Equity in the consolidated Blackstone Holdings Partnerships held by Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships.
Certain costs and expenses are borne directly by the Holdings Partnerships. Income (Loss), excluding those costs directly borne by and attributable to the Holdings Partnerships, is attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings. This residual attribution is based on the year to date average percentage of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and unvested participating Holdings Partnership Units held by Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. Unvested participating Holdings Partnership Units are excluded from the attribution in periods of loss as they are not contractually obli
ga
ted to share in losses of the Holdings Partnerships.
Income Taxes
Provision for Income Taxes
Income taxes are provided for using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, resulting in all pretax amounts being appropriately tax effected in the period, irrespective of which tax return year items will be reflected. Blackstone reports interest expense and tax penalties related to income tax matters in provision for income taxes.
Deferred Income Taxes
Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. These temporary differences result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years and are measured using the tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Deferred tax assets are separately stated, and deferred tax liabilities are included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses, and Other Liabilities in the condensed consolidated financial statements.
22
Table of Contents