Because the publicly traded entity and/or its wholly owned subsidiaries must pay taxes and make payments under the tax receivable agreements, the amounts ultimately paid as dividends by Blackstone to common stockholders in respect of each fiscal year are generally expected to be less, on a per share or per unit basis, than the amounts distributed by the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to the Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships in respect of their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.
Dividends are treated as qualified dividends to the extent of Blackstone’s current and accumulated earnings and profits, with any excess dividends treated as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder’s basis.
120
Table of Contents
The following graph shows fiscal quarterly and annual per common stockholder dividends for 2025 and 2024. Dividends are declared and paid in the quarter subsequent to the quarter in which they are earned.
With respect to the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, we paid to stockholders of our common stock a dividend of $0.93 per share. With respect to fiscal year 2024, we paid stockholders aggregate dividends of $3.95 per share.
Leverage
We may, under certain circumstances, use leverage opportunistically and over time to create the most efficient capital structure for Blackstone and our stockholders. In addition to the borrowings from our notes issuances and our Revolving Credit Facility, we may use asset based financing arrangements, including but not limited to margin loans, reverse repurchase agreements, repurchase agreements and securities sold, not yet purchased. Reverse repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to take advantage of opportunistic yields otherwise absent in the overnight markets and also to use the collateral received to cover securities sold, not yet purchased. Repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to opportunistically yield higher spreads on purchased securities. The balances held in these financial instruments fluctuate based on Blackstone’s liquidity needs, market conditions and investment risk profiles.
121
Table of Contents
The following table presents information regarding financial instruments which are included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition:
Critical Accounting Policies
We prepare our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. In applying many of these accounting principles, we need to make assumptions, estimates and/or judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our condensed consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. These assumptions, estimates and/or judgments, however, are often subjective. Actual results may be affected