period in the agreements and are generally not subject to clawback once paid.
Principal Investments include the unrealized and realized gains and losses on Blackstone’s principal investments, including its investments in Blackstone Funds that are not consolidated and receive pro-rata allocations, its equity method investments, and other principal investments. Income (Loss) on Principal Investments is realized when Blackstone redeems all or a portion of its investment or when Blackstone receives cash income, such as dividends or distributions. Unrealized Income (Loss) on Principal Investments results from changes in the fair value of the underlying investment as well as the reversal of unrealized gain (loss) at the time an investment is realized.
Interest and Dividend Revenue
— Interest and Dividend Revenue comprises primarily interest and dividend income earned on principal investments not accounted for under the equity method held by Blackstone.
16
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Other Revenue
— Other Revenue consists of miscellaneous income and foreign exchange gains and losses arising on transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
GAAP establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring financial instruments at fair value. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, the characteristics specific to the financial instrument and the state of the marketplace, including the existence and transparency of transactions between market participants. Financial instruments with readily available quoted prices in active markets generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value.
Financial instruments measured and reported at fair value are classified and disclosed based on the observability of inputs used in the determination of fair values, as follows:
In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the determination of which category within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate for any given financial instrument is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Blackstone’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument.
Level II Valuation Techniques
Financial instruments classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy comprise debt instr
ume
nts, debt securities sold, not yet purchased and certain equity securities and derivative instruments valued using observable