insider trading, disclosures of investment risk, conflicts of interest, adherence to notice, consent and other contractual requirements regarding limited partnership advisory committees, fiduciary standards of conduct, financial technologies, and compliance with the SEC’s recently adopted rules, including those referenced herein.
In recent years, the SEC has proposed, and in some instances, adopted, a number of rules related to private funds and private fund advisors that impact our business and operations. For example, the SEC (in May 2023) and the SEC and CFTC jointly (in February 2024) adopted changes to Form PF, a confidential form relating to reporting by private fund advisers and intended to be used by the Financial Stability Oversight Counsel (“FSOC”) for systemic risk oversight purposes, that expand existing reporting obligations. Such increased obligations may increase our costs, including if we are required to spend more time, hire additional personnel, or buy new technology to comply effectively.
The SEC has also proposed several other rules that may impact our operations. For example, an October 2022 SEC proposal would, if adopted, impose substantial obligations on registered investment advisers to conduct initial due diligence and ongoing monitoring of a broad universe of service providers that we may use in our investment advisory business. If adopted, these new rules could significantly increase compliance burdens and associated regulatory costs and complexity for us and enhance the risk of regulatory action, which could adversely impact our reputation and our fundraising efforts, including as a result of regulatory sanctions. Moreover, in February 2023, the SEC proposed extensive amendments to the custody rule for
SEC-registered
investment advisers which would apply to all assets of an advisory client, including real estate and other assets that generally are not considered securities under the federal securities laws. If adopted, the amendments would require, among other things, that qualified custodians maintain possession of and control of assets of advisory clients and participate in or effectuate any changes of such assets’ beneficial ownership. There is a lack of clarity as to whether all assets held by Blackstone’s advisory clients can be custodied in a manner that satisfies the proposed rule or whether existing qualified custodians will provide custodial services for such assets at a reasonable cost or at all. If adopted, these amendments could expose our registered investment advisers to additional regulatory liability, increase compliance costs and impose limitations on our investing activities. Whether such proposed rules will ultimately be adopted, or, if adopted, what the full extent of their impact would be is unclear. The general anticipation is that, if adopted, these proposed rules will increase regulatory and compliance costs, place burdens on our resources, including the time and attention of our personnel, and