Blackstone determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE at the time it becomes involved with a variable interest entity and continuously reconsiders that conclusion. In determining whether Blackstone is the primary beneficiary, Blackstone evaluates its control rights as well as economic interests in the entity held either directly or indirectly by Blackstone. The consolidation analysis can generally be performed qualitatively; however, if it is not readily apparent that Blackstone is not the primary beneficiary, a quantitative analysis may also be performed. Investments and redemptions (either by Blackstone, affiliates of Blackstone or third parties) or amendments to the governing documents of the respective Blackstone Funds could affect an entity’s status as a VIE or the determination of the primary beneficiary. At each reporting date, Blackstone assesses whether it is the primary beneficiary and will consolidate or deconsolidate accordingly.
Assets of consolidated VIEs that can only be used to settle obligations of the consolidated VIE and liabilities of a consolidated VIE for which creditors (or beneficial interest holders) do not have recourse to the general credit of Blackstone are presented in a separate section in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.
Blackstone’s other disclosures regarding VIEs are discussed in Note 8. “Variable Interest Entities.”
Revenue Recognition
Revenues primarily consist of management and advisory fees, incentive fees, investment income, interest and dividend revenue and other.
Management and advisory fees and incentive fees are accounted for as contracts with customers. Under the guidance for contracts with customers, an entity is required to (a) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (b) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (c) determine the transaction price, (d) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (e) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. In determining the transaction price, an entity may include variable consideration only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized would not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. See Note 17. “Segment Reporting” for a disaggregated presentation of revenues from contracts with customers.
Management and Advisory Fees, Net
— Management and Advisory Fees, Net are com
prise
d of management fees, including base management fees, transaction, advisory and other fees net of management fee reductions and offsets.
Blackstone earns base management fees from its customers at a fixed percentage of a calculation base which is typically net asset value, gross asset value, total fair value of investments, committed capital, total invested capital or remaining invested capital. Blackstone identifies its customers on a fund by fund basis in