our funds or the asset classes in which our funds invest. For example, lawmakers across a number of states, including Pennsylvania and Florida, have put forth proposals or expressed intent to take steps to reduce or minimize the ability of their state pension funds to invest in alternative asset classes, including by proposing to increase the reporting or other obligations applicable to their state pension funds that invest in such asset classes. Such proposals or actions would potentially discourage investment by such state pension funds in alternative asset classes by imposing meaningful compliance burdens and costs on them, which could adversely affect our ability to raise capital from such state pension funds. Other states could potentially take similar actions, which may further impair our access to capital from an investor base that has historically represented a significant portion of our fundraising.
28
Table of Contents
In addition, volatility in the valuations of investments, has in the past and may in the future affect our ability to raise capital from
third-party
investors. To the extent periods of volatility are coupled with a lack of realizations from investors’ existing portfolios, such investors may be left with disproportionately outsized remaining commitments to a number of investment funds. This significantly limits such investors’ ability to make new commitments to
third-party
managed investment funds such as those managed by us. Further, during periods of market volatility, investor subscription requests may be reduced and investor redemption or repurchase requests may be elevated in products that permit redemption or repurchase of investor interests. See “—Investors in a number of our vehicles may withdraw their investments, and investors in certain of our vehicles may have a right to terminate our management of, or cause the dissolution of, such vehicles, which would lead to a decrease in our revenues.” In addition, certain of our investment vehicles that are available to individual investors are subject to state registration requirements that impose limits on the proportion of such investors’ net worth that can be invested in our products. These restrictions may limit such investors’ ability or willingness to allocate capital to such products and adversely affect our fundraising in the retail channel.
Our ability to raise new funds could similarly be hampered if the general appeal of alternative investments were to decline. An investment in a limited partner interest in an alternative investment fund is generally more illiquid and the returns on such investment may be more volatile than an investment in securities for which there is a more active and transparent market. In periods of positive markets and low volatility, for example, investors may favor passive investment strategies such as index funds over our actively managed investment vehicles. Similarly, during periods of high interest rates, investors may favor