requirements, and are also often
extra-territorial
in nature. In addition, a wide range of regulators and private actors are seeking to enforce these laws across regions and borders. Furthermore, we frequently have privacy compliance requirements as a result of our contractual obligations with counterparties. These legal, regulatory and contractual obligations heighten our data protection and privacy obligations in the ordinary course of conducting our business in the U.S. and internationally.
Any inability, or perceived inability, by us or our funds’ portfolio companies to adequately address data protection or privacy concerns, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards and guidance, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations, even if unfounded, could result in significant legal, regulatory and
third-party
liability, increased costs, disruption of our and our funds’ portfolio companies’ business and operations, and a loss of client (including investor) confidence and other reputational damage. Many regulators have indicated an intention to take more aggressive enforcement actions regarding data privacy matters, and private litigation resulting from such matters is increasing and resulting in progressively larger judgments and settlements. Specifically, the SEC’s stated examination priorities include an intended focus on adviser’s policies and procedures, internal controls, oversight of
third-party
vendors and governance practices as it pertains to the safeguarding of customer records. Furthermore, as new data protection and
privacy-related
laws and regulations are implemented, the time and resources needed for us and our funds’ portfolio companies to comply with such laws and regulations continues to increase and become a significant compliance workstream.
37
Table of Contents
Technological developments in artificial intelligence could disrupt the markets in which we operate and subject us to increased competition, legal and regulatory risks and compliance costs.
Technological developments in artificial intelligence, including machine learning technology and generative artificial intelligence (collectively, “AI Technologies”) and their current and potential future applications, including in the private investment and financial sectors, as well as the legal and regulatory frameworks within which they operate, are rapidly evolving. The full extent of current or future risks related thereto is not possible to predict and we may not be able to anticipate, prevent, mitigate or remediate all of the potential risks, challenges or impacts of such changes. AI Technologies could significantly disrupt the business models, investment strategies, operational processes, and markets in which we operate and subject us to increased competition, legal and regulatory risks and compliance costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Advancements in computing