action, expose us to significant penalties and reputational damage and disqualify us from relying on private offering securities exemptions pursuant to which we raise a material portion of our investor capital.
The SEC has adopted “Regulation Best Interest,” which imposes a “best interest” standard of care for
broker-dealers
when recommending certain securities transactions to a customer. Regulation Best Interest requires such
broker-dealers
to evaluate available alternatives, including those that may have lower expenses and/or lower investment risk than our investment funds. The continued regulatory focus on Regulation Best Interest may negatively impact whether certain
broker-dealers
and their associated persons are willing to recommend investment products, including certain of our funds, to retail customers, which may adversely impact our ability to distribute our products to certain investors. Furthermore, the U.S. Department of Labor as well as several states have proposed regulations or taken other actions pertaining to conduct standards for investment advisers and
broker-dealers
that may result in additional requirements related to our business. Additionally, the SEC has instituted and settled multiple actions against investment advisers for violating its 2022 amended marketing rule, which imposed more prescriptive requirements on fund marketing.
43
Table of Contents
The potential for governmental policy and/or legislative changes and regulatory reform may create regulatory uncertainty for our investment strategies, may make it more difficult to operate our business, and may adversely affect the profitability of our funds’ portfolio companies.
Governmental policy and/or legislative changes and regulatory reform could make it more difficult for us to operate our business, including by impeding fundraising or making certain investments or investment strategies unattractive or less profitable. In addition, our ability to identify business and other risks associated with new investments depends in part on our ability to anticipate and accurately assess regulatory, legislative and other changes that may have a material impact on our funds’ investments. Anticipating policy changes and reforms may be particularly difficult during periods of heightened partisanship at the federal, state and local levels, including due to the divisiveness surrounding populist movements, political disputes and socioeconomic issues. The failure to accurately anticipate the possible outcome of such changes and/or reforms could have a material adverse effect on the returns generated from our funds’ investments and our revenues.
In recent years, there has been increased regulatory enforcement activity and rulemaking impacting the financial services industry. Under the prior U.S. administration and at the SEC and certain other regulatory bodies, policy changes could impose additional costs on us or our funds’ investments, require significant attention of senior