benefits, excluding related interest and penalties, were:
204
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
If recognized, the above tax benefits would reduce the annual effective rate. Blackstone believes the liability established for unrecognized tax benefits is adequate in relation to the potential for additional assessments. It is reasonably possible that significant changes in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits may occur during the twelve months subsequent to December 31, 2024; however, it is not possible to estimate the expected change to the total unrecognized tax benefits and its impact on Blackstone’s effective tax rate during the twelve months subsequent to December 31, 2024.
The unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.
During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, Blackstone accrued no penalties and accrued interest expense related to unrecognized tax benefits of $
29.1
million, $
22.8
million, and $
32.6
million, respectively.
Other Income — Change in Tax Receivable Agreement Liability
In 2024 and 2023, the $(
41.2
) million and $(
27.2
)
million, respectively, Change in Tax Receivable Agreement Liability was primarily attributable to a change in Blackstone’s state tax apportionment.
15. Earnings Per Share and Stockholders’ Equity
Earnings Per Share
Basic and diluted net income per share of common stock for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was calculated as follows:
In computing the dilutive effect that the exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units would have on Net Income Per Share of Common Stock, Blackstone considered that net income available to holders of shares of common stock would increase due to the elimination of non-controlling interests in Blackstone Holdings, inclusive of any tax impact. The hypothetical conversion may be dilutive to the extent there is activity at the Blackstone Inc. level that has not previously been attributed to the non-controlling interests or if there is a change in tax rate as a result of a hypothetical conversion.
205
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
The following table summarizes the anti-dilutive securities for the periods indicated:
Stockholders’ Equity
As of December 31, 2024, Blackstone had
10
billion shares of preferred stock authorized with a par value of $
0.00001
per share, of which (a)
999,999,000
shares are designated as Series I preferred stock and (b)
1,000
shares are designated as Series II preferred stock. The remaining
nine
billion shares may be designated from time to time in accordance with Blackstone’s certificate of incorporation. There was
one
share of Series I