authorizations of management and the directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Blackstone’s assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements.
228
Table of Contents
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 based on the framework established in
Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 was effective.
Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited Blackstone’s financial statements included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K
and issued its report on the effectiveness of Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, which is included herein.
Section 13(r) Disclosure
Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which added Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, Blackstone hereby incorporates by reference herein Exhibit 99.1 of this report, which includes disclosures provided to us by Mundys S.p.A.
Not applicable.
229
Table of Contents
Part III.
Directors and Executive Officers of Blackstone Inc.
Our directors and executive officers as of the date of this filing are:
Stephen A. Schwarzman
is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and
Co-Founder
of Blackstone and the Chairman of our board of directors. Mr. Schwarzman was elected Chairman of the board of directors effective March 20, 2007. He also sits on the firm’s Management Committee. Mr. Schwarzman has been involved in all phases of the firm’s development since its founding in 1985. Mr. Schwarzman is an active philanthropist with a history of supporting education, as well as culture and the arts, among other things. In 2020, he signed The Giving Pledge, committing to give the majority of his wealth to philanthropic causes. In both business and philanthropy, Mr. Schwarzman has dedicated himself to tackling big problems with transformative solutions. Since 2019, he has donated £185 million to the University of Oxford to help redefine the study of the humanities for the 21st century. His gift – the largest single donation to Oxford since the renaissance – will create a new Centre for the Humanities which unites all humanities faculties under one roof for the first time in Oxford’s history and will offer