Guarantee
Blackstone and its personnel who have received Performance Allocation distributions have guaranteed payment on a several basis (subject to a cap) to the carry funds of any clawback obligation with respect to the excess Performance Allocation allocated to the general partners of such funds and indirectly received thereby to the extent that either Blackstone or its personnel fails to fulfill its clawback obligation, if any. The Accrual for Potential Repayment of Previously Received Performance Allocations represents amounts previously paid to Blackstone Holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would need to be repaid to the Blackstone Funds if the carry funds were to be liquidated based on the fair value of their underlying investments as of March 31, 2025. See Note 16. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Contingent Obligations (Clawback).”
Tax Receivable Agreements
Blackstone used a portion of the proceeds from the IPO and other sales of shares to purchase interests in the predecessor businesses from the predecessor owners. In addition, holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units may exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for shares of Blackstone common stock on a one-for-one basis. The purchase and subsequent exchanges are expected to result in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings and therefore reduce the amount of tax that Blackstone would otherwise be required to pay in the future.
Blackstone has entered into tax receivable agreements with each of the predecessor owners. In addition, others who acquire Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, including senior managing directors, execute tax receivable agreements. The agreements provide for the payment by Blackstone Inc. to such owners of
85
% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that Blackstone Inc. expects to realize as a result of the aforementioned increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into these tax receivable agreements. For purposes of the tax receivable agreements, cash savings in income tax will be computed by comparing the actual income tax liability of the corporate taxpayers to the amount of such taxes that the corporate taxpayers would have been required to pay had there been no increase to the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings as a result of the exchanges and had the corporate taxpayers not entered into the tax receivable agreements.
46
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Assuming no future material changes in the relevant tax law and that the corporate taxpayers earn sufficient taxable income to realize the full tax benefit of the increased amortization of the assets, the expected future payments under the