Blackstone Holdings to make distributions to its partners, including Blackstone Inc. (through its wholly owned subsidiaries). If Blackstone Holdings makes such distributions, the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings will be entitled to receive equivalent distributions
pro-rata
based on their partnership interests in Blackstone Holdings. Blackstone Inc. then dividends its share of such distributions, net of taxes and amounts payable under the tax receivable agreements, to our stockholders on a
pro-rata
basis.
Because the publicly traded entity and/or its wholly owned subsidiaries must pay taxes and make payments under the tax receivable agreements described in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 17. Related Party Transactions,” the amounts ultimately paid as dividends by Blackstone Inc. to common stockholders in respect of each fiscal year are generally expected to be
84
Table of Contents
less, on a per share or per unit basis, than the amounts distributed by the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to the Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships in respect of their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.
Dividends are treated as qualified dividends to the extent of Blackstone’s current and accumulated earnings and profits, with any excess dividends treated as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder’s basis.
In addition, the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships provide for cash distributions, which we refer to as “tax distributions,” to the partners of such partnerships if the wholly owned subsidiaries of Blackstone Inc. which are the general partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships determine that the taxable income of the relevant partnership will give rise to taxable income for its partners. Generally, these tax distributions will be computed based on our estimate of the net taxable income of the relevant partnership allocable to a partner multiplied by an assumed tax rate equal to the highest effective marginal combined U.S. federal, state and local income tax rate prescribed for an individual or corporate resident in New York, New York (taking into account the
non-deductibility
of certain expenses and the character of our income). The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships will make tax distributions only to the extent distributions from such partnerships for the relevant year were otherwise insufficient to cover such estimated assumed tax liabilities.
Share Repurchases in the Fourth Quarter of 2024
The following table sets forth information regarding repurchases of shares of our common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2024:
As permitted by our policies and procedures governing transactions in our securities by our directors, executive officers and other employees, from time to time some of these persons may establish plans or arrangements complying with
Rule 10b5-1