used for determining fair value of the underlying investments.
Fair Value
Blackstone uses fair value throughout the reporting process. For a description of our accounting policies related to valuation, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Fair Value of Financial Instruments” and “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Investments, at Fair Value” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “ — Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing. The following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of fair value principles impact our financial results, and management’s process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.
The fair value of the investments held by Blackstone Funds is the primary input to the calculation of certain of our management fees, Incentive Fees, Performance Allocations and the related Compensation we recognize. Generally, Blackstone Funds are accounted for in accordance with the GAAP guidance on investment companies, and under the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Audit and Accounting Guide,
Investment
145
Table of Contents
Companies
, and reflect their investments, including majority-owned and controlled investments, at fair value. In the absence of observable market prices, we utilize valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis and assumptions that we believe market participants would use to determine the fair value of the investments. For investments where little market activity exists management’s determination of fair value is based on the best information available in the circumstances, which may incorporate management’s own assumptions and involves a significant degree of judgment, and the consideration of a combination of internal and external factors, including the appropriate risk adjustments for
non-performance
and liquidity risks.
Blackstone has also elected the fair value option for certain instruments it owns directly, including loans and receivables, investments in private debt securities and other proprietary investments. Blackstone is required to measure certain financial instruments at fair value, including debt instruments, equity securities and freestanding derivatives.
Fair Value of Investments or Instruments that are Publicly Traded
Securities that are publicly traded and for which a quoted market exists will be valued at the closing price of such securities in the principal market in which the security trades, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market on the valuation date. When a quoted price in an active market exists, no block discounts or control premiums are permitted regardless of the size of the public security held. In some cases, securities will include legal and contractual restrictions limiting their purchase and sale for a period of time. A discount to the publicly traded price may be appropriate in