(b) certain awards to recipients that meet criteria making them eligible for retirement (allowing such recipient to keep a percentage of those awards upon departure from Blackstone after becoming eligible for retirement), for which the expense for the portion of the award that would be retained in the event of retirement is either expensed immediately or amortized to the retirement date. Cash settled equity-based awards and awards settled in a variable number of shares are classified as liabilities and are remeasured at the end of each reporting period.
Compensation and Benefits — Incentive Fee Compensation —
Incentive Fee Compensation consists of compensation paid based on Incentive Fees.
Compensation and Benefits — Performance Allocations Compensation —
Performance Allocation Compensation consists of compensation paid based on Performance Allocations (which may be distributed in cash or in-kind). Such compensation expense is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. Performance Allocations Compensation is generally based on the performance of individual investments held by a fund rather than on a fund by fund basis. These amounts may also include allocations of investment income from Blackstone’s principal investments, to senior managing directors and employees participating in certain profit sharing initiatives.
Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities
Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities represent the component of Equity in general partner entities and consolidated Blackstone funds held by third-party investors and employees. The percentage interests in consolidated Blackstone funds held by third parties and employees is adjusted for general partner allocations and by subscriptions and redemptions in funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds which occur during
21
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
the reporting period. Income (Loss) and other comprehensive income, if applicable, arising from the respective entities is allocated to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities based on the relative ownership interests of third-party investors and employees after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income (loss) such as fees allocable to Blackstone Inc.
Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities
Investors in certain consolidated vehicles may be granted redemption rights that allow for quarterly or monthly redemption, as outlined in the relevant governing documents. Such redemption rights may be subject to certain limitations, including limits on the aggregate amount of interests that may be redeemed in a given period, may only allow for redemption following the expiration of a specified period of time, or may be withdrawn subject to a redemption fee during the period when capital may