specified procedures, or accelerate the withdrawal of their capital on an
investor-by-investor
basis, or (b) the fund’s investment period will automatically terminate and a specified percentage (including, in certain cases a simple majority) in accordance with specified procedures is required to restart it. In addition, the governing agreements of some of our partnership funds provide that investors have the right to terminate the investment period for any reason by a supermajority vote of the investors in such fund.
12
Table of Contents
Fee Structure/Incentive Arrangements
Management Fees
The following is a general description of the management fees earned by Blackstone. Management fees are generally based on an annual rate but payable on a regular basis (typically monthly or quarterly). Management fees received are not subject to clawback.
For additional information regarding the management fee rates we receive, see “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies — Revenue Recognition — Management and Advisory Fees, Net.”
Incentive Arrangements
Our incentive arrangements are composed of (a) contractual incentive fees received from certain investment vehicles upon achieving specified cumulative investment returns (“Incentive Fees”), and (b) a disproportionate allocation of the income generated by investment vehicles otherwise allocable to investors upon achieving certain investment returns (“Performance Allocations”, and, together with Incentive Fees, “Performance Revenues”).
13
Table of Contents
In our carry funds, our Performance Revenues consist of the Performance Allocations to which the general partner or an affiliate thereof is entitled, commonly referred to as carried interest. Our ability to generate and realize carried interest is an important element of our business and has historically accounted for a very significant portion of our income.
Carried interest is typically structured as a net profits interest in the applicable fund. In the case of our carry funds, carried interest is generally calculated on a “realized gain” basis, and each general partner (or affiliate) is generally entitled to an allocation of up to 20% of the net realized income and gains (generally taking into account realized and unrealized or net unrealized losses) generated by such fund. Net realized income or loss is not generally netted between or among funds, and in some cases our carry funds provide for allocations to be made on current income distributions (subject to certain conditions).
For most carry funds, the carried interest is subject to a preferred limited partner return generally ranging from 5% to 8% per year, subject to a
catch-up
allocation to the general partner. Some of our carry funds do not provide for a preferred return, and generally the terms of our carry funds vary in certain respects across our business units and vintages. If, at the end of the life of