December 31, 2024 is presented below:
Shares/Units Expected to Vest
The following unvested shares and units, after expected forfeitures, as of December 31, 2024, are expected to vest:
Deferred Restricted Shares of Common Stock and Phantom Shares
Blackstone has granted deferred restricted shares of common stock to certain senior and non-senior managing director professionals, analysts and senior finance and administrative personnel and selected external advisers and phantom shares (cash settled equity-based awards) to other senior and non-senior managing director employees. Holders of deferred restricted shares of common stock and phantom shares are not entitled to any voting rights. Only phantom shares are to be settled in cash. Deferred restricted shares of common stock where the number of shares have not been set are liability classified and excluded from the above tables.
The fair values of deferred restricted shares of common stock have been derived based on the closing price of common stock on the date of the grant, multiplied by the number of unvested awards and expensed over the assumed service period, which ranges from
1
to
5
years. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes forfeiture rates based on historical turnover rates, ranging from
1.0
% to
13.8
% annually by employee class, and a per share discount on non-participating shares, ranging from $
1.07
to $
21.53
.
The phantom shares vest over the assumed service period, which ranges from
1
to
5
years. On each such vesting date, Blackstone delivered or will deliver cash to the holder in an amount equal to the number of phantom shares held multiplied by the then fair market value of Blackstone’s common stock on such date. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes a forfeiture rate based on historical turnover rates, ranging from
6.8
% to
13.8
% annually by employee class. Blackstone is accounting for these cash settled awards as a liability.
208
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Blackstone paid $
3.9
million, $
1.7
million, and $
0.6
million to employees in settlement of phantom shares for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Performance-Based Compensation
During the year ended December 31, 2021, Blackstone issued performance-based compensation, the dollar value of which is based on the future achievement of established business performance conditions. The number of vested shares of common stock to be issued is variable based on the
30
-day volume weighted-average price at the end of the performance period. Due to the nature of settlement, the performance-based compensation is classified as a liability. Compensation expense is recognized over the performance period based upon the probable outcome of the performance condition. Due to the variable share settlement, the tables above