scope
investments across business units.
For investments valued utilizing the income method and where Blackstone has information rights, we generally have a direct line of communication with each of the companies’ and underlying assets’ finance teams and collect financial data used to support projections used in a discounted cash flow analysis. The valuation team then analyzes the data received and updates the valuation models reflecting any changes in the underlying cash flow projections, weighted-average cost of capital, exit multiple or capitalization rate, and any other valuation input relevant to economic conditions.
The results of all valuations of investments held by Blackstone Funds and investment vehicles are reviewed by the relevant business unit’s valuation
sub-committee,
which is comprised of key personnel from the business unit, typically the chief investment officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, chief compliance officer (or their respective equivalents where applicable) and other senior managing directors in the business. To further corroborate results, each business unit also generally obtains either a positive assurance opinion or a range of value from an independent valuation party, at least annually for internally prepared valuations for investments that have been held by Blackstone Funds and investment vehicles for greater than a year and quarterly for certain investments. Our firmwide valuation committee, chaired by our Chief Financial Officer and comprised of senior members of our businesses and representatives from corporate functions, including legal and finance, reviews the valuation process for investments held by us and our investment vehicles, including the application of appropriate valuation standards on a consistent basis. Each quarter, the valuation process is also reviewed by the audit committee of our board of directors, which is comprised of our
non-employee
directors.
Income Tax
For a description of our accounting policy on taxes and additional information on taxes see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” and Note 14. “Income Taxes,” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “ — Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.
Our provision for income taxes is comprised of current and deferred taxes. Current income taxes approximate taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the applicable enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse.
Additionally, significant judgment is required in estimating the provision for (benefit from) income taxes, current and deferred tax balances (including any valuation allowance), accrued interest or penalties and uncertain tax positions. In evaluating these judgments, we consider, among