when conducting due diligence on investments, including with respect to investments made by our funds of hedge funds in
third-party
hedge funds, we rely on the resources available to us and information supplied by third parties, including information provided by the target of the investment (or, in the case of investments in a
third-party
hedge fund, information provided by such hedge fund or its service providers). The information we receive from third parties may not be accurate or complete and therefore we may not have all the relevant facts and information necessary to properly assess and monitor our funds’ investment.
We may be unable to consummate or successfully integrate development opportunities, acquisitions or joint ventures that we pursue.
We may from time to time seek to engage in selective development or acquisition of asset management businesses or other businesses complementary to our business where we think we can add substantial value or generate substantial returns. We may not be able to identify or consummate such opportunities, including due to competition for such opportunities, our ability to accurately value such opportunities and the need to negotiate acceptable terms, and obtain requisite approvals and licenses from the relevant governmental authorities, for such opportunities. Moreover, even if we are able to identify and successfully complete an acquisition, we may encounter unexpected difficulties or incur unexpected costs associated with integrating and overseeing the operations of the new businesses.
We and our affiliates from time to time are required to report specified dealings or transactions involving Iran or other sanctioned individuals or entities.
The Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (“ITRA”) requires companies subject to SEC reporting obligations under Section 13 of the Exchange Act to disclose in their periodic reports specified dealings or transactions involving Iran or other individuals and entities targeted by certain OFAC sanctions, including, by way of example, the Russian Federal Security Service, engaged in by the reporting company or any of its affiliates during the period covered by the relevant periodic report. In some cases, ITRA requires companies to disclose these types of transactions even if they were permissible under U.S. law. Companies that currently may be or may have been at the time considered our affiliates have from time to time publicly filed and/or provided to us the disclosures reproduced on Exhibit 99.1 of our Quarterly Reports as well as Exhibit 99.1 of this annual report, which disclosure is hereby incorporated by reference herein. We do not independently verify or participate in the preparation of these disclosures. We are required to separately file with the SEC a notice when such activities have been disclosed in this report, and the SEC is required to post such notice of disclosure on its website and send the report to the President and certain U.S.