counterparty generally will not be segregated from the prime broker’s, custodian’s or counterparty’s own cash, and our funds may therefore rank as unsecured creditors in relation thereto. If our derivatives transactions are cleared through a derivatives clearing organization, the CFTC has issued final rules regulating the segregation and protection of collateral posted by customers of cleared and uncleared swaps. The CFTC is also working to provide new guidance regarding prime broker arrangements and intermediation generally with regard to trading on swap execution facilities.
71
Table of Contents
The counterparty risks that we face have increased in complexity and magnitude over time. For example, in certain areas the number of counterparties we face has increased and may continue to increase, which may result in increased complexity and monitoring costs. Conversely, in certain other areas, the consolidation and elimination of counterparties has increased our concentration of counterparty risk and decreased the universe of potential counterparties, and our funds are generally not restricted from dealing with any particular counterparty or from concentrating any or all of their transactions with one counterparty. In addition, counterparties have in the past and may in the future react to market volatility by tightening underwriting standards and increasing margin requirements for all categories of financing, which may decrease the overall amount of leverage available and increase the costs of borrowing.
Underwriting activities by our capital markets services business expose us to risks.
Blackstone Securities Partners L.P. may act as an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent in securities offerings and, through affiliated entities, loan syndications. We may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities or indebtedness we purchased or placed as an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent at the anticipated price levels or at all. As an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent, we also may be subject to liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings we underwrite, syndicate or place.
Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure
We are not required to comply with certain provisions of U.S. securities laws relating to proxy statements and certain related matters. This, coupled with the significant voting power of holders of our Series I preferred stock and Series II preferred stock, may limit the ability of holders of our common stock to influence our business.
Holders of our common stock are entitled to vote pursuant to Delaware law with respect to:
In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides voting rights to holders of our common stock on the following additional matters:
72
Table of Contents
Furthermore, our certificate of incorporation provides that the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the