Officer.
Segment Distributable Earnings is Blackstone’s segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and assess performance across Blackstone’s four segments.
Segment Distributable Earnings represents the net realized earnings of Blackstone’s segments and is the sum of Fee Related Earnings and Net Realizations for each segment. Blackstone’s segments are presented on a basis that deconsolidates Blackstone Funds, eliminates non-controlling ownership interests in Blackstone’s consolidated operating partnerships, removes the amortization of intangible assets and removes Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items. Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items arise from corporate actions including acquisitions, divestitures, Blackstone’s initial public offering and non-recurring gains, losses, or other charges, if any. They consist primarily of equity-based compensation charges, gains and losses on contingent consideration arrangements, changes in the balance of the tax receivable agreement resulting from a change in tax law or similar event, transaction costs, gains or losses associated with these corporate actions and non-recurring gains, losses or other charges that affect period-to-period comparability and are not reflective of Blackstone’s operational performance.
215
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
For segment reporting purposes, Segment Distributable Earnings is presented along with its major components, Fee Related Earnings and Net Realizations. Fee Related Earnings is used to assess Blackstone’s ability to generate profits from revenues that are measured and received on a recurring basis and not subject to future realization events. Net Realizations is the sum of Realized Principal Investment Income and Realized Performance Revenues less Realized Performance Compensation. Performance Allocations and Incentive Fees are presented together and referred to collectively as Performance Revenues or Performance Compensation.
Geographic Information
Blackstone conducts its business primarily in the United States with domestically generated revenues making up
68
%,
70
% and
77
% of total GAAP revenues for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
The table below presents the percentage of total GAAP revenues generated by Blackstone by geographic region
. Revenues attributed to a geographic region are generally based on the geography of investments held by Blackstone and Blackstone Funds. The geography of an investment is generally the country of domicile for an asset or where a portfolio company is headquartered.
Blackstone’s long-lived assets are comprised of Right-of-Use
Assets
and Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, Net. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, Blackstone held long-lived assets in the United States of $
1.1
billion. As of December 31, 2023, Blackstone