in certain industries, sectors or geographies may contribute to poor financial results for our funds’ portfolio companies or assets, which may result in lower investment returns for our funds. For example, periods of economic weakness have contributed and may in the future contribute to a decline in commodity prices and decreased consumer demand for certain goods and services (including energy), and/or volatility in the oil and natural gas markets, each of which would have an adverse effect on our energy and consumer investments. In addition, slowing growth in certain markets and real estate sectors with excess
near-term
supply, such as life sciences office and U.S. multifamily, has negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact the valuations of assets in such sectors in the
near-term.
A sustained high interest rate environment could increase the likelihood of an economic slowdown.
In addition, in recent years elevated inflation globally contributed to heightened costs of labor, energy and materials, which put profit margin pressure on certain of our funds’ portfolio companies and negatively impacted the performance of certain of such companies. While inflation decelerated over 2024, profit margins may be pressured if inflation
re-accelerates,
particularly for companies that lack pricing power. In addition, as the governing agreements of our funds contain only limited requirements, if any, regarding diversification of fund investments (by, for example, sector or geographic region), during periods of economic slowdown in certain sectors or regions, the impact on our funds may be exacerbated by concentration of investments in such sectors or regions. Such concentration may increase the risk that events affecting specific sectors, geographic regions or asset types could have an adverse or disparate impact on such funds, as compared to funds that invest more broadly. As a result, our ability to raise new funds, as well as our operating results and cash flows, could be adversely affected.
Moreover, during periods of weakness, our funds’ portfolio companies may also have difficulty expanding their businesses and operations or meeting their debt service obligations or other expenses as they become due, including expenses payable to us. Furthermore, negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings. This could result in a complete loss of the fund’s investment in such portfolio company and a significant negative impact to the fund’s performance and consequently to our operating results and cash flow, as well as to our reputation. In addition, negative market conditions would also increase the risk of default with respect to investments held by our funds that have significant debt investments, such as our
credit-focused
funds.
24
Table of Contents
High interest rates and challenging debt market conditions have negatively impacted and could continue to negatively impact the values of