interest so long as clawback obligations, if any, for either of the respective fund classes are fully satisfied. BCP V, BCP VI, BCP VII, BCP VIII, BCOM, BEP I, BEP II, BEP III, BCEP I and BCP Asia I were above their respective carried interest thresholds. Funds are considered above their carried interest thresholds based on the aggregate fund position, although individual limited partners may be below their respective carried interest thresholds in certain funds.
Tactical Opportunities funds have various funds with closed investment periods, including but not limited to:
BTOF-POOL,
BTOF-POOL II,
and
BTOF-POOL III,
which are each above their carried interest thresholds based on aggregate fund position. Blackstone Growth funds have no funds with closed investment periods. Secondaries funds have various funds with closed investment periods, including but not limited to: Strategic Partners Infrastructure III, Strategic Partners VIII, Strategic Partners Real Estate VII and BSCH I which are above their respective carried interest thresholds based on aggregate fund position. Blackstone Life Sciences funds have one fund with a closed investment period: Clarus IV, which was above its carried interest threshold.
122
Table of Contents
Credit & Insurance
The following table presents the results of operations for our Credit & Insurance segment:
Year Ended December 31, 2024 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2023
Segment Distributable Earnings were $1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024, an increase of $275.4 million, compared to $1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase in Segment Distributable Earnings was attributable to increases of $251.4 million in Fee Related Earnings and $24.0 million in Net Realizations.
Our Credit & Insurance segment demonstrated consistently strong performance in 2024. Longer-term structural shifts in the lending market have contributed to attractive and sizeable deployment opportunities in the segment, which invested $63.8 billion in 2024. Credit & Insurance funds have benefited from an environment of high interest rates, although these rates began to decrease in 2024. A further decline in interest rates and/or widening of credit spreads would make it more difficult for our credit funds to replicate recent strong performance. Nevertheless, even with modest base rate decreases, we continue to see significant opportunities to generate excess returns relative to liquid markets in our
non-investment
grade strategies. Moreover, rapidly expanding private credit markets and opportunities for corporate and bank partnerships should continue to be supportive of overall transaction activity, including deployment.
Fundraising in our Credit & Insurance segment, including in our perpetual capital strategies, continued to be positively impacted by the long-term structural shifts in the lending market. In addition to strong interest in
non-investment
grade strategies, such as opportunistic and direct lending, and