KRS in Franklin County Circuit Court in Kentucky (the “Mayberry Action”). Plaintiffs alleged breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of Kentucky law in connection with KRS’s investment in three hedge funds of funds, including a fund managed by Blackstone Alternative Asset Management L.P. (“BLP”). The suit named more than 30 defendants, including, among others, The Blackstone Group L.P. (now Blackstone Inc.); BLP; Stephen A. Schwarzman, as Chairman and CEO of Blackstone; and J. Tomilson Hill, as then-CEO of BLP (collectively, the “Blackstone Defendants”). In July 2020, the Kentucky Supreme Court directed the Circuit Court to dismiss the action for lack of standing.
In July 2020, the Kentucky Attorney General (the “AG”) filed its own action asserting substantially identical claims against largely the same defendants (the “July 2020 Action”). In May 2024, the Court denied the Blackstone Defendants’ and most other defendants’ motions to dismiss the July 2020 Action. In April 2024, the AG amended its complaint, adding breach-of-contract claims against the fund manager defendants. Defendants moved to dismiss this amended complaint in June 2024. Those motions are pending.
48
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
In August 2022, KRS was ordered to disclose a 2021 report it commissioned to investigate the investment activities underlying the lawsuit. The report “did not find any violations of fiduciary duty or illegal activity by [BLP],” and quotes communications by KRS staff during the period of the investment recognizing that BLP was exceeding KRS’s returns benchmark, providing KRS with “far fewer negative months than any liquid market comparable,” and that BLP “[h]as killed it.”
In January 2021, certain former plaintiffs in the Mayberry Action filed a separate action (“Taylor I”) against the Blackstone Defendants and other defendants in the Mayberry Action, asserting substantially similar allegations as the AG’s July 2020 action did, but styled as a direct class action. Taylor I was removed to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky and stayed pending the outcome of the AG’s July 2020 action.
In August 2021, a group of KRS members—including those that filed Taylor I—filed an action in Franklin County Circuit Court (“Taylor II”) substantially similar to Taylor I, against the Blackstone Defendants, other defendants named in the Mayberry Action, and other KRS officials. The Court denied most defendants’ motions to dismiss this action in May 2024. The Blackstone Defendants and the other fund manager defendants filed a petition for a writ of prohibition from that denial. On November 12, 2024, the Kentucky Court of Appeals denied defendants’ writ of prohibition, and defendants subsequently appealed to the Kentucky Supreme Court. Taylor II is stayed pending review of this