Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)
(Dollars in Thousands)
continued…
See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.
11
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)
(Dollars in Thousands)
The following table provides a reconciliation of Cash and Cash Equivalents and Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other reported within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition:
See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.
12
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Blackstone Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries (“Blackstone” or the “Company”), is the world’s largest alternative asset manager. Blackstone’s asset management business includes global investment strategies focused on real estate, private equity, infrastructure, life sciences, growth equity, credit, real assets, secondaries and hedge funds. “Blackstone Funds” refers to the funds and other vehicles that are managed by Blackstone. Blackstone’s business is organized into
four
segments: Real Estate, Private Equity, Credit & Insurance and Multi-Asset Investing.
Blackstone Inc. was initially formed as The Blackstone Group L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, on March 12, 2007. Prior to its conversion on July 1, 2019 to a Delaware corporation, Blackstone Inc. was managed and operated by Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., which is wholly owned by Blackstone’s senior managing directors and controlled by
one
of Blackstone’s founders, Stephen A. Schwarzman (the “Founder”).
The activities of Blackstone are conducted through its holding partnerships: Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. (collectively, “Blackstone Holdings,” “Blackstone Holdings Partnerships” or the “Holding Partnerships”). Blackstone, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, is the sole general partner of each of the Holding Partnerships. Generally, holders of the limited partner interests in the Holding Partnerships may, four times each year, exchange their limited partnership interests (“Partnership Units”) for Blackstone common stock, on a one-to-one basis, exchanging one Partnership Unit from each of the Holding Partnerships for one share of Blackstone common stock.
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Blackstone have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q. The condensed consolidated financial statements, including these notes, are unaudited and exclude some of the disclosures required in audited financial statements. Management believes it has made all necessary