Capitalized placement fees are amortized over the life of the customer contract, are recorded within Other Assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and amortization is recorded within General, Administrative and Other within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In cases where the Blackstone Funds are determined to be the customer in the arrangement, placement fees are generally expensed as incurred. Blackstone may also pay ongoing investor servicing fees to certain distributors of its products. Where Blackstone is the principal in those arrangements, ongoing investor servicing fees are expensed as incurred and are recorded within General, Administrative and Other expense.
Accrued but unpaid Management and Advisory Fees, net of management fee reductions and management fee offsets, as of the reporting date are included in Due from Affiliates in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.
Incentive Fees
— Contractual fees earned based on the performance of Blackstone vehicles (“Incentive Fees”) are a form of variable consideration in Blackstone’s contracts with customers to provide investment management services. Incentive Fees are earned based on performance of the vehicle during the period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, or high water marks, in accordance with the respective terms set out in each vehicle’s governing agreements. Incentive Fees will not be recognized as revenue until (a) it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur, or (b) the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Incentive Fees are typically recognized as revenue when realized at the end of the measurement period. Once realized, such fees are not subject to clawback or reversal. Accrued but unpaid Incentive Fees charged directly to investors in Blackstone vehicles as of the reporting date are recorded within Due from Affiliates in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.
15
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) - Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Investment Income (Loss)
— Investment Income (Loss) represents the unrealized and realized gains and losses on Blackstone’s Performance Allocations and Principal Investments.
In carry fund structures and certain open-ended structures, Blackstone, through its subsidiaries, invests alongside its limited partners in a partnership and is entitled to its pro-rata share of the results of the fund vehicle (a “pro-rata allocation”). In addition to a pro-rata allocation, and assuming certain investment returns are achieved, Blackstone is entitled to a disproportionate allocation of the income otherwise allocable to the limited partners, commonly referred to as carried interest (“Performance Allocations”).
Performance Allocations are made to