structured risk transfer and equity capital markets strategies.
BXMA also includes a platform managed by Harvest Fund Advisors LLC (“Harvest”), which primarily invests in publicly traded energy infrastructure, renewables and master limited partnerships holding midstream energy assets in North America.
Perpetual Capital
Each of our business segments currently includes Perpetual Capital assets under management, which refers to assets under management with an indefinite term, that are not in liquidation and for which there is no requirement to return capital to investors through redemption requests in the ordinary course of business, except where funded by new capital inflows or where required redemptions are limited in quantum. In recent years, we have continued to meaningfully increase our assets under management in such vehicles. Perpetual Capital strategies represent a significant and growing portion of our overall business, and the management fees and performance revenues we receive. Perpetual Capital strategies include, without limitation, (a) in our Real Estate segment, Core+ real estate (including BREIT and BEPIF) and BXMT, (b) in our Private Equity segment, BIP, BXPE, BXINFRA and vehicles in GP Stakes, and (c) in our Credit & Insurance segment, BXSL and BCRED. In addition, assets managed for certain of our insurance clients are Perpetual Capital assets under management.
Private Wealth Strategy
Blackstone’s business historically focused on the provision of investment products, such as traditional drawdown funds, to institutional investors. Blackstone’s business now also includes a substantial number of investment products that are offered through various distribution channels to certain
high-net-worth
and mass affluent individual investors in the U.S. and other jurisdictions around the world. We expect to continue to expand the number and type of such products that we offer. Our Private Wealth Solutions business is dedicated to building out our distribution capabilities in the private wealth channel to provide certain individual investors with access to Blackstone products across a broad array of alternative investment strategies. In recent years, capital from the private wealth channel has represented an increasing portion of our Total Assets Under Management, and we expect this trend to continue as we continue to undertake initiatives focused on this market segment.
10
Table of Contents
Investment Process and Risk Management
We maintain a rigorous investment process across all our investment vehicles. Each investment vehicle has investment policies and procedures that generally contain requirements, guidelines and limitations for investments, such as limitations relating to the amount that will be invested in any one investment and the types of assets, industries or geographic regions in which the vehicle will invest, as well as limitations required by law.
Our investment professionals are responsible for identifying, evaluating,