under the Exchange Act, and similar plans and arrangements relating to our shares and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.
85
Table of Contents
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with Blackstone Inc.’s consolidated financial statements and the related notes included within this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.
For a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, see “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of Exhibit 99.1 of Blackstone’s Current Report on
Form 8-K
filed on November 25, 2024.
Our Business
Blackstone is the world’s largest alternative asset manager. Our business is organized into four segments: Real Estate, Private Equity, Credit & Insurance and Multi-Asset Investing. For more information about our business segments, see “Part I. Item 1. Business — Business Segments.”
We generate revenue from fees earned pursuant to contractual arrangements with funds, fund investors and fund portfolio companies, and from capital markets services. We also invest in the funds we manage and we are entitled to a
pro-rata
share of the income of the fund (a
“pro-rata
allocation”). In addition to a
pro-rata
allocation, and assuming certain investment returns are achieved, we are entitled to a disproportionate allocation of the income otherwise allocable to the limited partners, commonly referred to as carried interest (“Performance Allocations”). In certain structures, we receive a contractual incentive fee from an investment vehicle based on achieving certain investment returns (an “Incentive Fee,” and together with Performance Allocations, “Performance Revenues”). The composition of our revenues will vary based on market conditions and the cyclicality of the different businesses in which we operate. Net investment gains and investment income generated by the Blackstone Funds are driven by the performance of the underlying investments as well as overall market conditions. Fair values are affected by changes in the fundamentals of our portfolio companies and other investments, the industries in which they operate, the overall economy and other market conditions.
Business Environment
Blackstone’s businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S., Europe, Asia and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world.
Global markets experienced volatility in 2024, due to significant movement in Treasury yields, a strong U.S. Dollar, global geopolitical instability and macroeconomic uncertainty. The
10-year
Treasury yield increased 86 basis points from the beginning of 2024 to an intraday high of 4.74% in April, declined 114 basis points to an intraday low of 3.6% in September, and subsequently rose again to end the year at 4.57%. Short-term rates decreased in 2024 with three-month SOFR down 103 basis points to 4.31%. The U.S. Dollar