realization of a profitable investment, 100% of the proceeds of that investment must generally be paid to the investors in that carry fund until they have recovered certain fees and expenses and achieved a certain return on all realized investments by that carry fund as well as a recovery of any unrealized losses. A particular realization event may have a significant impact on our results for that particular quarter that may not be replicated in subsequent quarters. We recognize revenue on investments in our investment funds based on our allocable share of realized and unrealized gains (or losses) reported by such investment funds. A decline in realized or unrealized gains, or an increase in realized or unrealized losses, would adversely affect our revenue and possibly cash flow. This could further increase the volatility of our quarterly results. Because our carry funds have preferred return thresholds to investors that need to be met prior to our receiving any Performance Allocations, substantial declines in the carrying value of the investment portfolios of a carry fund can significantly delay or eliminate any Performance Allocations paid to us in respect of that fund because the value of the assets in the fund would need to recover to their aggregate cost basis plus the preferred return over time before we would be entitled to receive any Performance Allocations from that fund.
The timing and receipt of Performance Allocations also varies with the life cycle of our carry funds. During periods in which a relatively large portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds and investments in their “harvesting” period, our carry funds would make larger distributions than in the fundraising or investment periods that precede harvesting. During periods in which a significant portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds that are not in their harvesting periods, we may receive substantially lower Performance Allocations.
27
Table of Contents
Adverse economic and market conditions may adversely affect the amount of cash generated by our businesses, the value of our principal investments, and in turn, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders.
We primarily use cash to, without limitation (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing businesses, including funding our general partner and
co-investment
commitments to our funds and warehousing investments for our funds, (b) provide capital for business expansion, (c) pay operating expenses, including cash compensation to our employees, and other obligations as they arise, including servicing our debt and (d) pay dividends to our stockholders, make distributions to the holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and make repurchases under our share repurchase program. Our principal sources of cash are: (a) cash we received in connection with our prior bond offerings and other borrowings, (b) management fees, (c) realized incentive fees