negatively based on changing circumstances. If actual amounts are ultimately different from our estimates, the revisions are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. We believe the following critical accounting policies could potentially produce materially different results if we were to change underlying assumptions, estimates and/or judgments. For a description of our accounting policies, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 1. Financial Statements” of this filing.
Principles of Consolidation
For a description of our accounting policy on consolidation, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Consolidation” and Note 8. “Variable Interest Entities” in the “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 1. Financial Statements” for detailed information on Blackstone’s involvement with VIEs. The following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of consolidation principles impact our financial results, and management’s process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.
The determination that Blackstone holds a controlling financial interest in a Blackstone Fund or investment vehicle significantly changes the presentation of our condensed consolidated financial statements. In our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position included in this filing, we present 100% of the assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs along with a non-controlling interest which represents the portion of the consolidated vehicle’s interests held by third parties. However, assets of our consolidated VIEs can only be used to settle obligations of the consolidated VIE and are not available for general use by Blackstone. Further, the liabilities of our consolidated VIEs do not have recourse to the general credit of Blackstone. In the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, we eliminate any management fees, Incentive Fees, or Performance Allocations received or accrued from consolidated VIEs as they are considered intercompany transactions. We recognize 100% of the consolidated VIE’s investment income (loss) and allocate the portion of that income (loss) attributable to third-party ownership to non-controlling interests in arriving at Net Income Attributable to Blackstone Inc.
122
Table of Contents
The assessment of whether we consolidate a Blackstone Fund or investment vehicle we manage requires the application of significant judgment. These judgments are applied both at the time we become involved with the VIE and on an ongoing basis and include, but are not limited to:
Revenue Recognition
For a description of our accounting policy on revenue recognition, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Revenue Recognition” in the “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements” in