on optimizing asset composition to maximize value for our investors. This investment process is assisted by a variety of proprietary and
non-proprietary
research models and methods.
Structure and Operation of Our Investment Vehicles
Our asset management businesses include private investment funds, registered funds, BDCs, REITs, CLOs, SMAs and other vehicles focused on real estate, private equity, infrastructure, life sciences, growth equity, credit, real assets and secondary funds. Many of our private investment funds and other vehicles are targeted at institutional investors. We also have several products that are targeted at individual investors, including
high-net-worth
investors (“Private Wealth Products”).
Our private investment funds are generally organized as limited partnerships with respect to U.S. domiciled vehicles and limited partnerships or other similar limited liability entities with respect to
non-U.S.
domiciled vehicles. These funds accept commitments and/or subscriptions for investment from institutional investors and/or
high-net-worth
individuals. Our Private Wealth Products are organized using a variety of structures, including
11
Table of Contents
corporations, statutory trusts, limited partnerships or other vehicles, and accept subscriptions for investment from
high-net-worth
individuals and/or other individual investors. Our private investment funds are generally either commitment-structured funds, where commitments are generally drawn down from investors on an
as-needed
basis to fund investments (or for other permitted purposes) over a specified term, or open-ended funds, where the investor’s capital may be fully funded on or shortly after the investor’s subscription date and cash proceeds resulting from the disposition of investments can be reinvested, subject to certain limitations and limited investor withdrawal rights. In most of our Private Wealth Products, the investor’s capital is fully funded on the subscription date. Our BXCI insurance platform is generally structured around SMAs and our BXCI CLO vehicles are generally private companies with limited liability.
Our investment funds, SMAs and other vehicles not domiciled in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) are each generally advised by a Blackstone entity serving as investment adviser that is registered under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “Advisers Act”). For our investment funds, SMAs and other vehicles domiciled in the EEA, a Blackstone entity domiciled in the EEA generally serves as external alternative investment fund manager (“AIFM”), and the AIFM typically delegates its portfolio management function to a Blackstone-affiliated investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act. The Blackstone entity serving as investment adviser or AIFM, as applicable, typically carries out substantially all of the
day-to-day
operations of each investment vehicle pursuant to an investment advisory, investment management, AIFM or other similar