potentially produce materially different results. Valuation methodologies may also change from time to time. See “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation — Critical Accounting Policies” for an overview of our fair value policy and the significant judgment required in the application thereof.
Because there is significant uncertainty in the valuation of, or in the stability of the value of illiquid investments, the fair values of such investments as reflected in an investment fund’s net asset value do not necessarily reflect the prices that would actually be obtained by us on behalf of the investment fund when such investments are realized. Realizations at values lower than the values at which investments have been reflected in prior fund net asset values would result in reduced gains or losses for the applicable fund, a decline in certain asset management fees and the reduction in potential Performance Revenues. Changes in values of investments from quarter to quarter may result in volatility in our investment funds’ net asset value, our funds’ investment in, or fees from, those funds and the results of operations and cash flow that we report from period to period. Further, a situation where asset values turn out to be materially different than values reflected in prior fund net asset values could cause investors to lose confidence in us, which would in turn result in difficulty in raising additional funds or redemptions from funds where investors hold redemption rights.
Our use of borrowings to finance our business exposes us to risks.
We use borrowings to finance our business operations as a public company. We have numerous outstanding notes with various maturity dates as well as other borrowings, including under the Revolving Credit Facility. As borrowings under the credit facility and our outstanding notes mature, we will be required to refinance or repay such borrowings. In order to do so, we may enter into a new facility, use asset based financing arrangements or issue new notes, each of which could result in higher borrowing costs. We may also issue equity, which would dilute existing stockholders. Further, we may choose to repay such borrowings using cash on hand, cash provided by our continuing operations or cash from the sale of our assets, each of which could reduce the amount of cash available to facilitate the growth and expansion of our businesses, make repurchases under our share repurchase program and pay dividends to our stockholders, operating expenses and other obligations as they arise. In order to obtain new borrowings, or to extend or refinance existing borrowings, we are dependent on the willingness and
56
Table of Contents
ability of financial institutions such as global banks to extend credit to us on favorable terms or at all, and on our ability to access the debt and equity capital markets, which can be volatile. There is no guarantee that such financial