heighten the risk of regulatory action.
39
Table of Contents
We regularly are subject to requests for information, inquiries and informal or formal investigations by the SEC and other regulatory authorities, with which we routinely cooperate, and which have included review of historical practices that were previously examined. Such investigations have previously and may in the future result in penalties and other sanctions. SEC actions and initiatives can have an adverse effect on our financial results, including as a result of the imposition of a sanction, a limitation on our or our personnel’s activities, or changing our historic practices. Even if an investigation or proceeding did not result in a sanction, or the sanction imposed against us or our personnel by a regulator were small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing clients or fail to gain new clients. In addition, certain states and other regulatory authorities have required investment managers to register as lobbyists, and we have registered as such in a number of jurisdictions. Other states or municipalities may consider similar legislation or adopt regulations or procedures with similar effect. These registration requirements impose significant compliance obligations on registered lobbyists and their employers, which may include annual registration fees, periodic disclosure reports and internal recordkeeping.
We are subject to increasing scrutiny from regulators, elected officials, stockholders, investors and other stakeholders with respect to sustainability matters, which may adversely impact our ability to raise capital from certain investors, constrain capital deployment opportunities for our funds and harm our brand and reputation.
We, our funds and their portfolio companies are subject to increasing scrutiny from regulators, elected officials, stockholders, investors and other stakeholders with respect to sustainability matters. In recent years, alternative asset managers have become subject to competing demands from different investors and other stakeholder groups with divergent views on sustainability matters, including the role of such matters in the investment process. Certain investors, including public pension funds, have placed increasing importance on the impacts of investments made by the private funds to which they commit capital, including with respect to climate change, among other aspects of sustainability. At times, investors, including public pension funds, have limited participation in certain investment opportunities, such as hydrocarbons, and/or conditioned future capital commitments to certain funds on the implementation of screens or other
sector-specific
investment guidelines. Conversely, certain investors have raised concerns as to whether the incorporation of sustainability factors in the investment and portfolio management