owned subsidiaries), subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings partnerships, may up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for shares of our common stock on a
one-for-one
basis. A Blackstone Holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings partnerships to effect an exchange for a share of common stock. Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and Blackstone Holdings II L.P. have made an election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code effective for each taxable year in which an exchange of partnership units for a share of common stock occurs, which may result in an adjustment to the tax basis of the assets of such Blackstone Holdings Partnerships at the time of an exchange of partnership units. Other Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and certain subsidiary partnerships are expected to make such elections for the 2024 and subsequent taxable years with the filing of their federal income tax returns for such tax years. The purchase and subsequent exchanges of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units are expected to result in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings that otherwise would not have been available. These increases in tax basis may increase (for tax purposes) depreciation and amortization and therefore reduce the amount of tax that we would otherwise be required to pay in the future. We have entered into a tax receivable agreement with holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units that provides for the payment by us to such holders of 85% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that we actually realize (or are deemed to realize in the case of an early termination payment by the corporate taxpayers or a change in control, as discussed below) as a result of these increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to our entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. This payment obligation is an obligation of us (and certain of our subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes which we refer to as “the corporate taxpayers”) and not of Blackstone Holdings. The corporate taxpayers expect to benefit from the remaining 15% of cash savings, if any, in income tax that they realize. For purposes of the tax receivable agreement, cash savings in income tax will be computed by comparing the actual income tax liability of the corporate taxpayers to the amount of such taxes that the corporate taxpayer would have been required to pay had there been no increase to the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings as a result of the exchanges and had the corporate taxpayers