employee) does not fund his or her respective share, then we and our employees who participate in such Performance Allocations plans may have to fund additional amounts (generally an additional
50-70%
beyond our
pro-rata
share of such obligations) beyond what we actually received in Performance Allocations. Although we retain the right to pursue any remedies that we have under such governing agreements against those Performance Allocations recipients who fail to fund their obligations, we may not be successful in recovering such amounts.
Investors in a number of our vehicles may withdraw their investments, and investors in certain of our vehicles may have a right to terminate our management of, or cause the dissolution of, such vehicles, which would lead to a decrease in our revenues.
We have a number of vehicles that permit investors in such vehicles to withdraw their investments and/or terminate our management of such capital, as applicable and in certain cases, subject to certain limitations. Investors in our hedge funds may generally redeem their investments on a periodic basis following, in certain cases,
61
Table of Contents
the expiration of a specified period of time when capital may not be withdrawn, subject to the applicable fund’s specific redemption provisions. In addition, in certain other
open-ended
and/or perpetual capital vehicles, including certain of our investment vehicles that are available to individual investors, such as BREIT, BCRED and BXPE, investors may request redemptions or repurchases of their interests on a periodic basis, subject to certain limitations. During periods of market volatility, investor subscriptions to such vehicles are likely to be reduced, and investor redemption or repurchase requests are likely to be elevated, which may negatively impact the fees we earn from such vehicles. In a declining market, our liquid or
semi-liquid
vehicles have and may continue to experience declines in value, which may be provoked and/or exacerbated by margin calls and forced selling of assets. Investors may also seek to redeem their interests due to changes in interest rates that make other investments more attractive, rebalancing of their asset allocations, changes in investor perception of us and our reputation, unhappiness with a fund’s performance or investment strategy, departures or changes in responsibilities of key investment professionals, and liquidity needs.
To the extent appropriate and permissible under a vehicle’s constituent documents, we have previously and may in the future limit or prorate redemptions or repurchases in such vehicle for a period of time. This may subject us to reputational harm, make such vehicles less attractive to investors in the future and negatively impact future subscriptions to such vehicles. This could have a material adverse effect on the revenues we derive from such vehicles. For example, market volatility drove a material increase in BREIT repurchase requests beginning in late