units granted under the Bonus Deferral Plan will vest and be delivered in equal annual installments over the three year deferral period, in each case subject to forfeiture if the named executive officer violates any applicable provision of his employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity (as such term is defined in the applicable award agreement or the Bonus Deferral Plan, as applicable). As of December 31, 2024, Messrs. Chae and Finley were Tier I retirement eligible. If Mr. Chae or Mr. Finley had retired on December 31, 2024, 190,796 and 156,192 of their deferred restricted common stock units granted as discretionary awards, respectively, would continue to vest and be delivered over the vesting period and 87,253 and 60,427 of their deferred restricted common stock units granted under the Bonus Deferral Plan, respectively, would vest and be delivered over the three year deferral period, in each case subject to forfeiture if the named executive officer violates any applicable provision of his employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity (as such term is defined in the applicable award agreement or the Bonus Deferral Plan, as applicable).
On February 26, 2025, the Compensation Committee approved an Omnibus Amendment to the Company’s equity award agreements covering the Company’s outstanding discretionary equity awards, effective as of April 1, 2025 (the “Tier II Retirement Amendment”). The Tier II Retirement Amendment provides that participants who satisfy certain Tier II retirement eligibility criteria will
250
Table of Contents
be eligible to vest in 100% of their unvested discretionary equity awards over the applicable vesting period, subject to forfeiture if the named executive officer violates any applicable provision of his employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity. If such amendment had been in effect on December 31, 2024, Mr. Finley would have satisfied such Tier II retirement eligibility criteria. Accordingly, upon retirement on such date, Mr. Finley would have been entitled to (i) continued vesting and delivery of 312,384 of his deferred restricted common stock units granted as discretionary awards and (ii) vesting and delivery over the three year deferral period of 60,427 of his deferred restricted common stock units granted under the Bonus Deferral Plan, in each case subject to forfeiture if he violates any applicable provision of his employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity.
Upon a termination of Mr. Gray’s, Mr. Chae’s, Mr. Finley’s or Mr. Sawhney’s employment without cause, the deferred restricted common stock units granted to each of them under the Bonus Deferral Plan in respect of 2024, 2023 and 2022, as applicable, will become fully vested. Had such a termination of employment occurred on December 31, 2024, the last business day of 2024, each of Mr. Gray, Mr. Chae, Mr. Finley and Mr. Sawhney would have vested in the following numbers of deferred restricted common