Foundation (“TUEF”) will hold the Schwarzman Endowment Fund and has agreed to delegate management of the fund to Blackstone. We have agreed that TUEF, and certain entities affiliated with TUEF, will not be required to pay Blackstone a management fee for managing the Schwarzman Endowment Fund and, to the extent Blackstone allocates and invests assets of the Schwarzman Endowment Fund in our funds, which may take the form of funded or unfunded general partner commitments to our investment funds, we anticipate that such investments will be subject to reduced or waived management fees and/or carried interest.
Joseph P. Baratta
Mr. Baratta received a base salary of $350,000 and a bonus payment of $6,890,895. The bonus payment was based upon the performance of our private equity business, including the contribution of all current and past
259
Table of Contents
funds within the business dating back to before the IPO. The ultimate bonus payment to Mr. Baratta was, however, determined in the discretion of Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray. On January 10, 2025, Mr. Baratta was granted 41,801 shares of deferred restricted common stock with a grant date fair value of $6,890,895, reflecting 100% of his annual bonus payment mandatorily deferred into deferred restricted common stock pursuant to the Bonus Deferral Plan. In April 2024, Mr. Baratta was awarded a discretionary award of 55,411 deferred restricted common stock units with a grant date fair value of $7,260,503. This award reflected 2023 performance and was intended to further promote retention and to incentivize future performance. See “—Item 11. Executive Compensation — Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2024 — Terms of Discretionary Equity Awards” for discussion of the vesting terms applicable to Mr. Baratta’s equity awards.
Mr. Baratta also participated in the performance fees of our funds, consisting of carried interest in our carry funds and incentive fees in our funds that pay incentive fees. The compensation paid to Mr. Baratta in respect of carried interest in our carry funds primarily relates to Mr. Baratta’s participation in the private equity funds (which were formed both before and after the IPO). The amount of distributions, whether cash or
in-kind,
in respect of carried interest or incentive fee allocations to Mr. Baratta for 2024 was $26,095,196. Any
in-kind
distributions in respect of carried interest are reported based on the market value of the securities distributed as of the date of distribution. See “—Item 11. Executive Compensation — Compensation Elements for Named Executive Officers” in this report for additional discussion of the elements of our compensation program.
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Agreements
As a result of the reorganization and the IPO, Blackstone Inc. (at that time, The Blackstone Group L.P.) became a holding partnership and, through wholly owned subsidiaries, held equity interests in the five holdings partnerships