employees is adjusted for general partner allocations and by subscriptions and redemptions in funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds which occur during the reporting period. Income (Loss) and other comprehensive income, if applicable, arising from the respective entities is allocated to
non-controlling
interests in consolidated entities based on the relative ownership interests of third-party investors and employees after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income (loss) such as fees allocable to Blackstone Inc.
Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities
Investors in certain consolidated vehicles may be granted redemption rights that allow for quarterly or monthly redemption, as outlined in the relevant governing documents. Such redemption rights may be subject to certain limitations, including limits on the aggregate amount of interests that may be redeemed in a given period, may only allow for redemption following the expiration of a specified period of time, or may be withdrawn subject to a redemption fee during the period when capital may not be withdrawn. As a result, amounts relating to third-party interests in such consolidated vehicles are presented as Redeemable
Non-Controlling
Interests in Consolidated Entities within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. When redeemable amounts become legally payable to investors, they are classified as a liability and included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. For all consolidated vehicles in which redemption rights have not been granted,
non-controlling
interests are presented within Equity in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as
Non-Controlling
Interests in Consolidated Entities.
Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings
Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings represent the component of Equity in the consolidated Blackstone Holdings Partnerships held by Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships.
Certain costs and expenses are borne directly by the Holdings Partnerships. Income (Loss), excluding those costs directly borne by and attributable to the Holdings Partnerships, is attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings. This residual attribution is based on the year to date average percentage of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and unvested participating Holdings Partnership Units held by Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. Unvested participating Holdings Partnership Units are excluded from the attribution in periods of loss as they are not contractually obligated to share in losses of the Holdings Partnerships.
Other Income
Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations include net realized gains (losses) from