counterparty default, the right to liquidate collateral and the right to offset a counterparty’s rights and obligations.
Blackstone takes possession of securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and is permitted to repledge, deliver or otherwise use such securities. Blackstone also pledges its financial instruments to counterparties to collateralize repurchase agreements. Financial instruments pledged that can be repledged, delivered or otherwise used by the counterparty are recorded in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Additional disclosures relating to repurchase agreements are included in Note 9. “Repurchase Agreements.”
Blackstone does not offset assets and liabilities relating to reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements in its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Additional disclosures relating to offsetting are discussed in Note 11. “Offsetting of Assets and Liabilities.”
Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased
Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased consist of equity and debt securities that Blackstone has borrowed and sold. Blackstone is required to “cover” its short sale in the future by purchasing the security at prevailing market prices and delivering it to the counterparty from which it borrowed the security. Blackstone is exposed to loss in the event that the price at which a security may have to be purchased to cover a short sale exceeds the price at which the borrowed security was sold short.
Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased are recorded at fair value within Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.
177
Table of Contents
Blackstone Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued
(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Derivative Instruments
Blackstone recognizes all derivatives as assets or liabilities on its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at fair value. On the date Blackstone enters into a derivative contract, it designates and documents each derivative contract as one of the following: (a) a hedge of a recognized asset or liability (“fair value hedge”), (b) a hedge of a forecasted transaction or of the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability (“cash flow hedge”), (c) a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, or (d) a derivative instrument not designated as a hedging instrument (“freestanding derivative”).
For freestanding derivative contracts, Blackstone presents changes in fair value in current period earnings. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments held by consolidated Blackstone Funds are reflected in Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities or, where derivative instruments are held by Blackstone, within Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The fair value of freestanding derivative assets of the consolidated