additional legislation, changes in rules promulgated by financial regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules, either in the United States or abroad, may directly affect our mode of operation and profitability.
All of the investment advisers of our investment funds operating in the U.S. are registered as investment advisers with the SEC under the Advisers Act (other investment advisers may be registered in
non-U.S.
jurisdictions). Registered investment advisers are subject to the requirements and regulations of the Advisers Act. Such requirements relate to, among other things, fiduciary duties to advisory clients, maintaining an effective compliance program and code of ethics, investment advisory contracts, solicitation agreements, conflicts of interest, recordkeeping and reporting requirements, disclosure, advertising and custody requirements, political contributions, limitations on agency cross and principal transactions between an adviser and advisory clients, and general anti-fraud prohibitions. Certain investment advisers are also registered with international regulators in connection with their management of products that are locally distributed and/or regulated.
19
Table of Contents
Blackstone Securities Partners L.P. (“BSP”), a subsidiary through which we conduct our capital markets business and certain of our fund marketing and distribution, is registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC and is subject to regulation and oversight by the SEC, is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or “FINRA,” and is registered as a broker-dealer in 50 states, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Broker-dealers are subject to regulations that cover all aspects of the securities business, including, among others, the implementation of a supervisory control system over the securities business, advertising and sales practices, conduct of and compensation in connection with public securities offerings, maintenance of adequate net capital, record keeping and the conduct and qualifications of employees. In addition, FINRA, a self-regulatory organization subject to oversight by the SEC, adopts and enforces rules governing the conduct, and examines the activities, of its member firms, including BSP. State securities regulators also have regulatory oversight authority over BSP.
In addition, certain of the
closed-end
and
open-end
investment companies we manage, advise or
sub-advise
are registered, or regulated as a BDC, under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act and the rules thereunder govern, among other things, the relationship between us and such investment vehicles and limit such investment vehicles’ ability to enter into certain transactions with us or our affiliates, including other funds managed, advised or
sub-advised
by us.
Pursuant to the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, or “FSMA,” certain of our