Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)
Blackstone Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries (“Blackstone” or the “Company”), is the world’s largest alternative asset manager. Blackstone’s asset management business includes global investment strategies focused on real estate, private equity, infrastructure, life sciences, growth equity, credit, real assets, secondaries and hedge funds. “Blackstone Funds” refers to the funds and other vehicles that are managed by Blackstone. Blackstone’s business is organized into
four
segments: Real Estate, Private Equity, Credit & Insurance and Multi-Asset Investing.
Blackstone Inc. was initially formed as The Blackstone Group L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, on March 12, 2007. Prior to its conversion on July 1, 2019 to a Delaware corporation, Blackstone Inc. was managed and operated by Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., which is wholly owned by Blackstone’s senior managing directors and controlled by
one
of Blackstone’s founders, Stephen A. Schwarzman (the “Founder”).
The activities of Blackstone are conducted through its holding partnerships: Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. (collectively, “Blackstone Holdings,” “Blackstone Holdings Partnerships” or the “Holding Partnerships”). Blackstone, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, is the sole general partner of each of the Holding Partnerships. Generally, holders of the limited partner interests in the Holding Partnerships may, four times each year, exchange their limited partnership interests (“Partnership Units”) for Blackstone common stock, on a one-to-one basis, exchanging one Partnership Unit from each of the Holding Partnerships for one share of Blackstone common stock.
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Blackstone have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”).
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Blackstone, its wholly owned or majority-owned subsidiaries, the consolidated entities which are considered to be variable interest entities and for which Blackstone is considered the primary beneficiary, and certain partnerships or similar entities which are not considered variable interest entities but in which the general partner is determined
to have control.
All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Management believes that estimates utilized in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are prudent and reasonable. Such estimates include those used in the valuation of investments and financial instruments,