registration and other requirements of the 1940 Act.
Other anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents could delay or prevent a change in control.
In addition to the provisions described elsewhere relating to the Series II Preferred Stockholder’s control, other provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable by, for example:
These provisions may also discourage acquisition proposals or delay or prevent a change in control.
Risks Related to Our Common Stock
The price of our common stock may decline due to the large number of shares of common stock eligible for future sale and for exchange.
The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of common stock in the market in the future or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell shares of common stock in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. We had a total of 729,415,925 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 21, 2025. Subject to the
lock-up
restrictions described below, we may issue and sell in the future additional shares of common stock. Limited partners of Blackstone Holdings owned an aggregate of 439,589,683 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units outstanding as of February 21, 2025. In connection with our initial public offering, we entered into an exchange agreement with holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (other than Blackstone Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiaries) so that these holders, subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, may up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for shares of Blackstone Inc. common stock on a
one-for-one
basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits, unit distributions and reclassifications. A Blackstone Holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to effect an exchange for a share of common stock. The common stock we issue upon such exchanges would be “restricted securities,” as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act, unless we register such issuances. However, we have entered into a registration rights agreement with the limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships that requires us to register these shares of common stock under the
78
Table of Contents
Securities Act and we have filed registration statements that cover the delivery of common stock issued upon exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. See “Part III. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence — Transactions with Related