reorganization and IPO, we entered into an exchange agreement with the holders of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings (other than Blackstone Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiaries). In addition, certain Blackstone senior managing directors and others who have acquired Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units also have become parties to the exchange agreement. Under the exchange agreement, as amended, subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, each such holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (and certain transferees thereof) may up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange these partnership units for shares of our common stock on a
one-for-one
basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits, unit distributions and reclassifications. Under the exchange agreement, to effect an exchange a holder of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings must simultaneously exchange one partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. As a holder exchanges its Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, Blackstone Inc.’s indirect interest in the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships will be correspondingly increased.
Payments to Kirkland & Ellis LLP
Reginald J. Brown, a member of our board of directors, is a partner at the law firm of Kirkland & Ellis LLP (“Kirkland”). We have engaged Kirkland from time to time in the ordinary course of business to provide legal services to us and our subsidiaries. Our relationship with Kirkland
pre-dates
Mr. Brown’s appointment to our board of directors. During 2024, we paid Kirkland approximately $101.3 million in legal fees (the “Fees”), and Mr. Brown’s interest in the Fees is estimated to be less than 1% of the Fees. Mr. Brown does not receive any direct compensation, specific origination bonus or other disproportionate allocation from legal fees we pay to Kirkland.
Firm Use of Private Aircraft
Certain entities controlled by Mr. Schwarzman wholly own aircraft that we use for business purposes in the course of our operations, and in 2024, we made payments of $4.0 million for the use of such aircraft, which included
261
Table of Contents
$2.6 million paid directly to the managers of the aircraft. An entity controlled by Mr. Gray wholly owns aircraft that we use for business purposes in the course of our operations, and in 2024, we made payments of $4.8 million for the use of such aircraft, which included $2.3 million paid directly to the manager of the aircraft. An entity jointly controlled by Mr. Baratta and two other individuals owns aircraft that we use for business purposes in the course of our operations, and in 2024, we made payments of $1.5 million for the use of such aircraft, which included $0.9 million paid directly to the manager of the aircraft. As part of these arrangements, when we use such aircraft for business