compliance
with such requirements or policies could harm our reputation with fund investors.
We may also cause different funds to invest in a single portfolio company, for example where the fund that made an initial investment no longer has capital available to invest. We may also cause different funds that we manage to purchase different classes of securities in the same portfolio company. For example, one of our CLO funds could acquire a debt security issued by the same company in which one of our private equity funds owns common equity securities. A direct conflict of interest could arise between the debt holders and the equity holders if such a company were to develop insolvency concerns, and we would have to carefully manage that conflict. A decision to acquire material
non-public
information about a company while pursuing an investment opportunity for a particular fund gives rise to a potential conflict of interest when it results in our having to restrict the ability of other funds to take any action with respect to that company. Our affiliates or portfolio companies may be service providers or counterparties to our funds or portfolio companies and receive fees or other compensation for services that are not shared with our fund investors. In such instances, we may be incentivized to cause our funds or portfolio companies to purchase such services from our affiliates or portfolio companies rather than an unaffiliated service provider despite the fact that a
third-party
service provider could potentially provide higher quality services or offer them at a lower cost. In addition, conflicts of interest may exist in the valuation of our funds’ investments, as well as the personal trading of employees and the allocation of fees and expenses among us, our funds and their portfolio companies, and our affiliates. Lastly, in certain, infrequent instances we may purchase an investment alongside one of our investment funds or sell an investment to one of our investment funds and
54
Table of Contents
conflicts may arise in respect of the allocation, pricing and timing of such investments and the ultimate disposition of such investments. A failure to appropriately deal with these, among other, conflicts, could negatively impact our reputation and ability to raise additional funds or result in potential litigation or regulatory action against us. Further, rules proposed or adopted by the SEC and other measures it takes to preclude or limit certain conflicts of interest may make it more difficult for our funds to pursue transactions that may otherwise be attractive to the fund and its investors, which may adversely impact fund performance.
Conflicts of interest may arise in our allocation of
co-investment
opportunities.
Potential conflicts will arise with respect to our decisions regarding how to allocate
co-investment
opportunities among investors and the terms of any such
co-investments.
As a general matter, our allocation of
co-investment