with the measurement alternative, and certain freestanding derivative instruments would result in the following declines in Management and Advisory Fees, Net, Unrealized Performance Allocations, Net and Unrealized Principal Investment Income:
148
Table of Contents
The fair value of the investments, derivatives and securities subject to the market risk sensitivities can vary significantly based on a number of factors, including the diversity of the Blackstone Funds’ investment portfolio, market conditions, trading values, similar transactions, financial metrics, and industry comparatives. See “Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors” above. Also see “ — Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies — Fair Value.” We believe these fair value amounts should be utilized with caution as our intent and strategy is to hold investments and securities until prevailing market conditions are beneficial for investment sales.
Exchange Rate Risk
Blackstone and the Blackstone Funds hold investments that are denominated in
non-U.S.
dollar currencies that may be affected by movements in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and
non-U.S.
dollar currencies. Additionally, a portion of our management fees are denominated in
non-U.S.
dollar currencies. We estimate that as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, a 10% decline in the rate of exchange of all foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar would result in the following declines in Management and Advisory Fees, Net, Unrealized Performance Allocations, Net and Unrealized Principal Investment Income:
149
Table of Contents
Interest Rate Risk
Blackstone may have debt obligations payable that accrue interest at variable rates. Interest rate changes may therefore affect the amount of our interest payments, future earnings and cash flows. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, Blackstone had $39.9 million outstanding under the Secured Borrowings that is subject to interest at a variable rate. The annualized increase in interest expense due to a 1% increase in interest rates would be $0.4 million as a result of these borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Blackstone has a diversified portfolio of liquid assets to meet the liquidity needs of various businesses. This portfolio includes cash, open-ended money market mutual funds, open-ended bond mutual funds, marketable investment securities, freestanding derivative contracts, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements and other investments. If interest rates were to increase by one percentage point, we estimate that our annualized investment income would decrease, offset by an estimated increase in interest income on an annual basis from interest on floating rate assets, as follows:
Blackstone has U.S. dollar and
non-U.S.
dollar based interest rate derivatives whose future cash flows and present value may be affected by movement in their respective underlying yield curves. We