FORM 10-K CROSS-REFERENCE INDEX
2
CITIGROUP’S 2024 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
3
OVERVIEW
Citigroup’s history dates back to the founding of the City Bank of New York in 1812.
Citigroup is a global diversified financial services holding company whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, yet focused, range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, trade and securities services and wealth management. Citi does business in nearly 160 countries and jurisdictions.
Citi’s vision is to be the preeminent banking partner for institutions with cross-border needs, a global leader in wealth management and a valued personal bank in the U.S.
At December 31, 2024, Citi had approximately 229,000 full-time employees, compared to approximately 239,000 at December 31, 2023. For additional information, see “Human Capital Resources and Management” below.
Throughout this report, “Citigroup,” “Citi” and “the Company” refer to Citigroup Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. All “Note” references correspond to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements herein, unless otherwise indicated.
For a list of certain terms and acronyms used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other Citigroup presentations, see “Glossary of Terms and Acronyms” at the end of this report.
Additional Information
Additional information about Citigroup is available on Citi’s website at www.citigroup.com. Citigroup’s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and proxy statements, as well as other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) are available free of charge through Citi’s website by clicking on “SEC Filings” under the “Investors” tab. The SEC’s website also contains these filings and other information regarding Citi at www.sec.gov.
For a discussion of 2023 versus 2022 results of operations of
Services
,
Markets
,
Banking
,
Wealth
,
U.S. Personal Banking
and
All Other
, see each respective business’s results of operations in Citigroup’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (Citigroup’s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K).
Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior periods’ financial statements and disclosures to conform to the current period’s presentation, including certain reclassifications to align with Citi’s organizational simplification and strategy, for all periods presented.
Please see “Risk Factors” below for a discussion of material risks and uncertainties that could impact Citigroup’s businesses, results of operations and financial condition.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Citi prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and also presents certain non-GAAP financial measures (non-GAAP measures) that exclude certain items or otherwise include components that differ from the most