summarize the Company contributions for the defined contribution plans:
190
9.
RESTRUCTURING
As previously disclosed, Citi is pursuing various initiatives to simplify the Company and further align its organizational structure with its business strategy. As part of its overall simplification initiatives, in the fourth quarter of 2023, Citi eliminated the previous
Institutional Clients Group
and
Personal Banking and Wealth Management
layers, exited certain institutional business lines, and consolidated its regional structure, creating one international group, while centralizing client capabilities and streamlining its global staff functions.
Citi has recorded net restructuring charges of approximately $
1.040
billion program to date.
Restructuring charges are recorded as a separate line item within
Operating expenses
in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income. These charges were included within
All Other
—Corporate/Other.
The following costs associated with these initiatives are included in restructuring charges:
•
Personnel costs: severance costs associated with actual headcount reductions (as well as those that were probable and could be reasonably estimated)
•
Other: costs associated with contract terminations and other direct costs associated with the restructuring, including asset write-downs (non-cash write-downs of capitalized software, which are included in
Premises and equipment
related to exited businesses)
The following table is a rollforward of the liability related to the restructuring charges:
(1)    Revisions primarily relate to higher-than-anticipated redeployments of displaced employees to other positions within the Company, job function releveling and employee attrition.
(2)    Revisions primarily relate to lower-than-anticipated costs associated with contract terminations.
191
10.
INCOME TAXES
Income Tax Provision
Details of the Company’s income tax provision are presented below:
(1)
Includes the tax on realized investment gains (losses) and impairment losses resulting in a provision (benefit) of $
88
million and $(
110
) million in 2024, $
51
million and $(
92
) million in 2023 and $
14
million and $(
137
) million in 2022, respectively.
(2)
Related to the adoption of “
Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures.
” See Note 1.
(3)
Related to the adoption of “
Financial Services—Insurance: Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts
.”
See Note 1.
Tax Rate
The reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to the Company’s effective income tax rate applicable to income from continuing operations (before noncontrolling interests and the cumulative effect of accounting changes) for each of the periods indicated is as follows:
(1)
Excludes the 2024 and 2023 FDIC special assessments, which are tax deductible. See Note 18.
(2)
See “Deferred Tax Assets” below for a description of the components.
As presented in the table above, Citi’s