industry and markets generally.
A ratings downgrade could result from, among other factors, delays or missteps in Citi’s transformation efforts, including risk management and internal controls improvements, public statements by Citi’s management or regulators, operational risk charges, control failures, substantial failure to meet cost targets, deterioration in Citi’s funding structure or liquidity, declines in profitability, significant increases in risk appetite or material reductions in regulatory capitalization levels.
Citi and its subsidiaries may not be able to maintain their current respective ratings and outlooks. Ratings downgrades could negatively impact Citi and its rated subsidiaries’ ability to access the capital markets and other sources of funds as well as increase credit spreads and the costs of those funds. A ratings downgrade could also have a negative impact on Citi and its rated subsidiaries’ ability to obtain funding and liquidity due to reduced funding capacity and the impact from derivative triggers, which could require Citi and its rated subsidiaries to meet cash obligations and collateral requirements or permit counterparties to terminate certain contracts. In addition, a ratings downgrade could have a negative impact on other funding sources such as secured financing and other margined transactions for which there may be no explicit triggers.
Furthermore, a credit ratings downgrade could have impacts that may not be currently known to Citi or are not possible to quantify. Some of Citi’s counterparties and clients could have ratings limitations on their permissible counterparties, of which Citi may or may not be aware. Certain of Citi’s corporate customers and trading counterparties, among other clients, could re-evaluate their business relationships with Citi and limit the trading of certain market instruments, and limit or withdraw deposits placed with Citi in response to ratings downgrades. Changes in customer and counterparty behavior could impact not only Citi’s funding and liquidity but also the results of operations of certain Citi businesses. For additional information on the potential impact of a reduction in Citi’s or Citibank’s credit ratings, see “Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk—Potential Impacts of Ratings Downgrades” below.
61
COMPLIANCE RISKS
Significantly Heightened Regulatory Expectations and Scrutiny in the U.S. and Globally and Ongoing Interpretation and Implementation of Regulatory and Legislative Requirements and Changes Have Increased Citi’s Compliance, Regulatory and Other Risks and Costs.
Large financial institutions, such as Citi, face significantly heightened regulatory and supervisory expectations and scrutiny in the U.S. and globally, including with respect to, among other things, governance, infrastructure, data and risk management practices and controls. These regulatory and supervisory expectations extend to employees and agents and also include, among other things, those related to