other events. Each asset of the conduits is supported by a
251
transaction-specific liquidity facility in the form of an asset purchase agreement (APA). Under the APA, the Company has generally agreed to purchase non-defaulted eligible receivables from the conduit at par. The APA generally does not permit the purchase of defaulted or impaired assets. Any funding under the APA will likely subject the underlying conduit clients to increased interest costs. In addition, the Company provides the conduits with program-wide liquidity in the form of short-term lending commitments, where the Company has agreed to lend to the conduits in the event of a short-term disruption in the commercial paper market, subject to specified conditions.
In the normal course of business, Citi purchases commercial paper, including commercial paper issued by Citigroup’s conduits. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company owned $
6.4
billion and $
10.1
billion, respectively, of the commercial paper issued by its administered conduits. The Company’s investments were not driven by market illiquidity and the Company is not obligated under any agreement to purchase the commercial paper issued by the conduits.
The asset-backed commercial paper conduits are consolidated by Citi. The Company has determined that, through its roles as administrator and liquidity provider, it has both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entities’ economic performance and an economic interest that could potentially be significant. No assets of any conduit are available to satisfy the creditors of Citigroup or any of its other subsidiaries.
Collateralized Loan Obligations (CLOs)
A collateralized loan obligation (CLO) is a VIE that purchases a portfolio of assets consisting primarily of non-investment-grade corporate loans, financed through the issuance of multiple tranches of debt and equity to investors. A third-party asset manager is contracted by the CLO to purchase the underlying assets from the open market and monitor the credit risk associated with those assets. Over the term of a CLO, the asset manager directs purchases and sales of assets in a manner consistent with the CLO’s asset management agreement and indenture.
Citi serves as a structuring and placement agent with respect to certain CLOs. Typically, the debt and equity of the CLOs are sold to third-party investors. On occasion, certain Citi entities may purchase some portion of a CLO’s liabilities for investment purposes. In addition, Citi may purchase, typically in the secondary market, certain securities issued by the CLOs to support its market-making activities.
The Company generally does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the CLOs, as this power is generally held by a third-party asset manager of the CLO. As such, those CLOs are not consolidated.
The following tables summarize selected cash flow information and retained interests