held by the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
206
Evaluating Investments for Impairment—AFS Debt Securities
Overview
The Company conducts periodic reviews of all AFS debt securities with unrealized losses to evaluate whether the impairment resulted from expected credit losses or from other factors and to evaluate the Company’s intent to sell such securities.
An AFS debt security is impaired when the current fair value of an individual AFS debt security is less than its amortized cost basis.
The Company recognizes the entire difference between amortized cost basis and fair value in earnings for impaired AFS debt securities that Citi has an intent to sell or for which Citi believes it will more-likely-than-not be required to sell prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis. However, for those AFS debt securities that the Company does not intend to sell and is not likely to be required to sell, only the credit-related impairment is recognized in earnings by recording an allowance for credit losses. Any remaining fair value decline for such securities is recorded in
AOCI
. The Company does not consider the length of time that the fair value of a security is below its amortized cost when determining if a credit loss exists.
For AFS debt securities, credit losses exist where Citi does not expect to receive contractual principal and interest cash flows sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis of a security. The allowance for credit losses is limited to the amount by which the AFS debt security’s amortized cost basis exceeds its fair value. The allowance is increased or decreased if credit conditions subsequently worsen or improve. Reversals of credit losses are recognized in earnings.
The Company’s review for impairment of AFS debt securities generally entails:
•
identification and evaluation of impaired investments;
•
consideration of evidential matter, including an evaluation of factors or triggers that could cause individual positions to qualify as credit impaired and those that would not support credit impairment; and
•
documentation of the results of these analyses, as required under business policies.
The sections below describe the Company’s process for identifying expected credit impairments for debt security types that have the most significant unrealized losses as of December 31, 2024.
Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities
Citi records no allowances for credit losses on U.S. government-agency-guaranteed mortgage-backed securities, because the Company expects to incur no credit losses in the event of default due to a history of incurring no credit losses and due to the nature of the counterparties.
State and Municipal Securities
The process for estimating credit losses in Citigroup’s AFS state and municipal bonds is primarily based on a credit analysis that incorporates third-party credit ratings. Citi monitors the bond issuers and any insurers providing default protection in the form of financial guarantee insurance. The