firm review of capital plan submissions. Similarly, the FRB has indicated that, as part of its stated goal to continually evolve its annual stress testing requirements, several parameters of the annual stress testing process may continue to be altered, including the number and severity of the stress test scenarios, the FRB modeling of Citi’s balance sheet, pre-provision net revenue and stress losses, and the addition of components deemed important by the FRB. Additionally, Citi’s ability to return capital may be adversely impacted if a regulatory evaluation or examination were to result in negative findings regarding absolute capital levels or other aspects of Citi’s or any of its subsidiaries’ operations, including as a result of the imposition of additional capital buffers, limitations on capital distributions or otherwise. For information on limitations on Citi’s ability to return capital to common shareholders, as well as the CCAR process, supervisory stress test requirements and GSIB surcharge, see “Capital Resources—Overview” and “Capital Resources—Stress Testing Component of Capital Planning” above and the risk management and legal and regulatory proceedings risk factors below.
In October 2024, the FRB announced that it will maintain its current framework for calculating allowances on loans in the supervisory stress test through the 2025 stress test cycle, while continuing to evaluate appropriate future enhancements to this framework. The impacts on Citi’s capital adequacy of any potential incorporation by the FRB of CECL into its supervisory stress tests in future stress test cycles, and of other potential regulatory changes in the FRB’s stress testing methodologies, remain unclear. For additional information regarding the CECL methodology, including the transition provisions related to the adverse regulatory capital effects resulting from adoption of the CECL methodology, see “Capital Resources—Current Regulatory Capital Standards—Regulatory Capital Treatment—Modified Transition of the Current Expected Credit Losses Methodology” above and Note 1.
Although various uncertainties exist regarding the extent of, and the ultimate impact to Citi from, changes to regulatory capital, results from the FRB’s stress testing and CCAR regimes, and regulatory evaluation or examination findings, these changes could increase the level of capital Citi is required or elects to hold, including as part of Citi’s management buffer, thus potentially adversely impacting the extent to which Citi is able to return capital to shareholders.
Citi Must Continually Review, Analyze and Successfully Adapt to Ongoing Regulatory and Legislative Uncertainties and Changes in the U.S. and Globally.
Citi, its management and its businesses continue to face regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes, both in the U.S. and globally. While the ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes facing Citi are too numerous to list completely, examples include,