and the OCC entered into a Civil Money Penalty Consent Order with Citibank, a wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup, in the amount of $75 million. The OCC and Citibank also entered into an Amendment to the October 7, 2020 OCC Consent Order. The Amendment requires Citibank to formalize a process to determine whether sufficient resources are being appropriately allocated toward achieving timely and sustainable compliance with the OCC’s 2020 Consent Order, including any requirements on which Citibank is not making sufficient and sustainable progress (such process, the Resource Review Plan). Copies of the 2024 Consent Orders and the Amendment were included as exhibits to Citi’s July 10, 2024 Form 8-K. For additional information regarding the 2024
Consent Orders and the Amendment, see the July 10, 2024 Form 8-K.
As discussed above, Citi’s transformation efforts include effective implementation of the October 7, 2020 FRB and OCC Consent Orders issued to Citigroup and Citibank, respectively. The 2020 Consent Orders require Citigroup and Citibank to implement extensive targeted action plans and submit quarterly progress reports on a timely and sufficient basis, detailing the results and status of improvements relating principally to various aspects of (i) enterprise-wide risk management, (ii) compliance risk management, (iii) data quality management related to governance, and (iv) internal controls. Citi continues to work constructively with the FRB and OCC and provide additional information regarding its plans and progress to both regulators on an ongoing basis. Citi will continue to reflect their feedback in its project plans and execution efforts. Although there are no restrictions on Citi’s ability to serve its clients, the 2020 OCC Consent Order requires Citibank to obtain prior approval of any significant new acquisition, including any portfolio or business acquisition, excluding ordinary course transactions. For additional information about the requirements under the 2020 Consent Orders, see Citi’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020.
Governance
Citi has built an organization and infrastructure to manage, guide and support its transformation, which spans all businesses and functions to ensure consistency. Additionally, the Citigroup and Citibank Boards of Directors each formed a Transformation Oversight Committee, an ad hoc committee of each Board, to provide oversight of Citi’s efforts to improve its risk and control environment and management’s remediation efforts under the consent orders.
While every member of Citi’s executive management team, or EMT, is involved in the transformation and plays a key, direct role in its implementation, Citi’s CEO has taken a leading role in managing the effort. As part of this effort, Citi’s CEO has assembled a team consisting of long-tenured employees and new hires from across various disciplines and areas of expertise and experience, along with representatives from each of Citi’s