scenarios (base, downside and upside) multiplied by their respective scenario weights. The macroeconomic scenario weights are estimated based on a statistical model, which takes into consideration both internal and external forecasted macroeconomic variables over a reasonable and supportable period, after which mean reversion reflecting historical loss experience is used for the remaining life of the loan to estimate expected credit losses. The qualitative component considers, among other things, certain portfolio characteristics and idiosyncratic events. For consumer U.S. credit cards, the Company utilizes the payment rate approach to determine the payments needed to pay off the end-of-period balance in the estimation of the EAD. This approach incorporates payment rate curves and is used to estimate EAD. Reserves for unconditionally cancelable accounts are based on the expected life of the balance as of the evaluation date and do not include undrawn commitments that are unconditionally cancelable. In addition, the models for the delinquency-managed portfolios take into account leading credit indicators, including loan delinquencies and changes in portfolio size as well as economic trends, including current and future housing prices, unemployment, length of time in foreclosure, and costs to sell. The models for classifiably managed portfolios consider the credit quality as measured by risk ratings and economic factors.
We identified the assessment of the collective ACLL, specifically the quantitative component for the consumer U.S. credit cards which applies the delinquency-managed model and corporate loan portfolios which applies the classifiably managed model, and the qualitative component for the corporate portfolio as a critical audit
137
matter. A high degree of effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment due to significant measurement uncertainty. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of the various components of the collective ACLL methodology, including the methods and models used to estimate the PD, LGD, and EAD and certain significant assumptions for the Company’s quantitative and qualitative components. The significant assumptions for consumer U.S. credit card loans encompass expected life as well as the reasonable and supportable forecasts for significant macroeconomic variables. The significant macroeconomic variables include U.S. unemployment (UER) and U.S. housing prices (HPI), which are utilized by the models. The significant assumptions for corporate loans encompass risk ratings, credit conversion factor for unfunded lending commitments, and reasonable and supportable forecast for significant macroeconomic variables. The significant macroeconomic variables include U.S. real gross domestic product (GDP) and UER, which are utilized by the model. The significant assumptions for the qualitative component for corporate loan portfolios