significant consumer modification programs are described below.
Credit Cards
Citi seeks to assist credit card borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulty by offering long-term loan modification programs. These modifications generally involve reducing the interest rate on the credit card, placing the customer on a fixed payment plan not to exceed 60 months and canceling the customer’s available line of credit. Citi also grants modifications to credit card borrowers working with third-party renegotiation agencies that seek to restructure customers’ entire unsecured debt. In certain situations, Citi may forgive a portion of an outstanding balance if the borrower pays a required amount.
Residential Mortgages
Citi utilizes a third-party subservicer for the servicing of its residential mortgage loans. Through this third-party subservicer, Citi seeks to assist residential mortgage borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulty primarily by offering interest rate reductions, principal and/or interest forbearance, term extensions or combinations thereof. Borrowers enrolled in forbearance programs typically have payments suspended until the end of the forbearance period. In the U.S., before permanently modifying the contractual payment terms of a mortgage loan, Citi enters into a trial modification with the borrower, generally a
three-month
period during which the borrower makes monthly payments under the anticipated modified payment terms. Upon successful completion of the trial period, and the borrower’s formal acceptance of the modified terms, Citi and the borrower enter into a permanent modification. Citi expects the majority of loans entering trial modifications to ultimately be enrolled in a permanent modification. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, $
33
million and $
21
million of mortgage loans, respectively, were enrolled in trial programs. Mortgage loans of $
9
million and $
7
million had gone through Chapter 7 bankruptcy during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
224
Types of Consumer Loan Modifications and Their Financial Effect
The following tables provide details on permanent consumer loan modifications granted during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty by type of modification granted and the financial effect of those modifications:
(1)    The above table reflects activity for loans outstanding as of the end of the reporting period. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, Citi granted forgiveness of $
1
million and less than $
1
million in residential first mortgage loans, $
81
million and $
50
million in credit card loans and $
3
million and $
2
million in personal, small business and other loans, respectively. As a result, there were no outstanding balances as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(2)    Commitments to lend to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that were granted modifications included in the table above were