regarding individual institutions.
The FRB’s annual stress testing requirements are integrated into ongoing regulatory capital requirements. Citi’s SCB equals the maximum projected decline in its CET1 Capital ratio under the supervisory severely adverse scenario over a nine-quarter CCAR measurement period, plus four quarters of planned common stock dividends as a percentage of Citi’s risk-weighted assets, subject to a minimum requirement of 2.5%. The SCB is calculated by the FRB using its proprietary data and modeling of each firm’s results. Accordingly, Citi’s SCB may go up, based on the supervisory stress test results, thus potentially resulting in an increase in Citi’s required regulatory CET1 Capital ratio under the
50
Standardized Approach. In addition, a breach of the SCB and other regulatory capital buffers may result in gradual limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. For additional information on the SCB, see “Capital Resources—Regulatory Capital Buffers” above.
Moreover, changes in regulatory capital rules, requirements or interpretations could materially increase Citi’s required regulatory capital. For example, the U.S. banking regulators proposed a number of changes to the U.S. regulatory capital framework, including, but not limited to, significant revisions to the U.S. Basel III rules. These potential changes, if adopted as originally proposed, would likely impact Citi’s regulatory capital position and materially increase Citi’s regulatory capital requirements, and thus adversely impact the extent to which Citi is able to return capital to shareholders (see “Capital Resources—Regulatory Capital Standards and Developments” above).
Citi’s ability to return capital also depends on its results of operations and financial condition, including the capital impact related to its remaining divestitures, such as, among other things, any temporary capital impact from CTA losses, net of hedges (see the incorrect assumptions or estimates and the emerging markets risk factors below); Citi’s effectiveness in planning, managing and calculating its level of regulatory capital and risk-weighted assets under both the Advanced Approaches and the Standardized Approach, as well as the Supplementary Leverage ratio (SLR); its implementation and maintenance of an effective capital planning process and management framework; forecasts of macroeconomic conditions; and deferred tax asset (DTA) utilization (see the ability to utilize DTA risk factor below).
All firms subject to CCAR requirements, including Citi, will continue to be subject to a rigorous regulatory evaluation of capital planning practices and other reviews and examinations, including, but not limited to data quality, which is a key regulatory focus, governance, risk management and internal controls. For example, the FRB has stated that it expects capital adequacy practices to continue to evolve and to likely be determined by its yearly cross-