certain notable items, including an Argentina currency devaluation, an FDIC special assessment, restructuring charges related to Citi’s organizational simplification and an ACL build for transfer risk (see “Cost of Credit” below).
Net income increased 37% versus the prior year, driven by the higher revenues, lower expenses and a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by higher cost of credit. Citigroup’s effective tax rate was 25% in 2024 versus 27% in the prior year, largely driven by the geographic mix of earnings (see Note 10).
Citigroup revenues of $81.1 billion in 2024 increased 3% on a reported basis. This increase in revenues largely reflected an increase in non-interest revenue (up 15%), including the benefit of a smaller impact from the Argentina currency devaluation ($(253) million in 2024 versus approximately $(1.9) billion in 2023) as well as strength in underlying fee drivers in each of Citi’s reportable operating segments. The increase in non-interest revenue was partially offset by a decline in net interest income (down 1%). The decrease in net interest income primarily reflected lower revenues in
All Other
(managed basis), partially offset by higher interest-earning balance growth in
U.S. Personal Banking (USPB)
. Excluding divestiture-related impacts, primarily related to gains on the sales of Citi’s India and Taiwan consumer banking businesses in the prior year, as well as the Argentina currency devaluation, revenues of $81.4 billion in 2024 also increased 3% versus the prior year.
Citigroup’s end-of-period loans were $694 billion, up 1% versus the prior year, largely driven by loan growth in
USPB
.
Citigroup’s end-of-period deposits were approximately $1.3 trillion, down 2% versus the prior year, largely due to a decrease in
All Other
(managed basis). For additional information about Citi’s deposits by business, including drivers and deposit trends, see each respective business’s results of operations and “Liquidity Risk— Deposits” below.
Expenses
Citigroup’s operating expenses of $54.0 billion decreased 4% from the prior year. Excluding the FDIC special assessment ($203 million in 2024 versus approximately $1.7 billion in the prior year), expenses of $53.8 billion decreased 2%, driven by savings related to Citi’s organizational simplification and stranded cost reduction, as well as the lower restructuring charges ($259 million in 2024 versus $781 million in the prior year) and repositioning costs. The decrease was partially offset by higher volume-related expenses, investments in Citi’s transformation and other risk and controls initiatives, as well as the costs of the July 2024 Civil Money Penalty Consent Orders entered into with the Federal Reserve Board (FRB) and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC).
7
Excluding the FDIC special assessment and divestiture-related impacts, expenses of $53.5 billion also decreased 2%.
Cost of Credit
Citi’s total provisions for credit losses and for benefits and claims was