liabilities
, respectively. All leases are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet except those with an initial term of less than 12 months, for which the Company has made the short-term lease election. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is recorded in
Premises and equipment
expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income. Variable lease costs are recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred.
As a Lessor
The Company’s operating leases and financing leases, which include both direct financing and sales-type leases, where Citi is a lessor, are not significant to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Other Assets and Other Liabilities
Other assets
include, among other items, loans HFS, deferred tax assets, equity method investments, interest and fees receivable, repossessed assets, other receivables and assets from businesses classified as HFS that are reclassified from other balance sheet line items.
Other liabilities
include, among other items, accrued expenses, lease liabilities, deferred tax liabilities, reserves for legal claims and legal fee accruals, taxes, unfunded lending commitments, repositioning reserves, other payables and liabilities from businesses classified as HFS that are reclassified from other balance sheet line items. Legal fee accruals are recognized as incurred.
Other Real Estate Owned and Repossessed Assets
Real estate or other assets received through foreclosure or repossession are generally reported in
Other assets
, net of a valuation allowance for selling costs and subsequent declines in fair value.
Debt
Short-term borrowings
and
Long-term debt
are accounted for at amortized cost, except where the Company has elected to report the debt instruments (including certain structured notes) at fair value, or debt that is in a fair value hedging relationship. Changes in the fair value of debt instruments carried at fair value under a fair value election are recorded in
Principal transactions
, other than adjustments related to changes in the Company’s credit, which are recorded in
Other comprehensive income
. Premiums, discounts and issuance costs on long-term debt accounted for at amortized cost are amortized over the contractual term using the effective interest method.
Instrument-Specific Credit Risk
Citi presents separately in
AOCI
the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk, when management has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. Accordingly, the change in fair value of liabilities for which the fair value option was elected related to changes in Citigroup’s own credit spreads is presented in
AOCI
.
Employee Benefits Expense
Employee benefits expense includes current service costs of pension and other postretirement benefit plans (which are accrued on a current basis), contributions