agreements. The Company monitors the fair value of securities subject to repurchase or resale on a daily basis and obtains or posts additional collateral in order to maintain contractual margin protection.
As described in Note 26, the Company uses a discounted cash flow technique to determine the fair value of repo and reverse repo transactions.
152
Loans
Loans that are held-for-investment (HFI) are classified as
Loans
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and are reported at their outstanding principal balances net of any unearned income and unamortized deferred fees and costs, except for credit card receivable balances, which include accrued interest and fees, and certain loans for which Citi has elected the fair value option (see “Loans at Fair Value” below). Loan origination fees and certain direct origination costs are generally deferred and recognized as adjustments to income over the lives of the related loans.
The related cash flows for HFI loans are included within the cash flows from the investing activities category in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows on the line
Change in loans
. However, when the initial intent for holding a loan has changed from HFI to held-for-sale (HFS), the loan is reclassified to HFS and included in
Other assets
, but the related cash flows continue to be reported in cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows on the line
Proceeds from sales and securitizations of loans
. See “Loans Held-for-Sale” and “Changes in Loan Classification” below.
Consumer Loans
Consumer loans represent loans and leases managed primarily by the
USPB
,
Wealth
and
All Other—
Legacy Franchises businesses (except Mexico SBMM loans).
Delinquency Status
Delinquency status is monitored and considered a key indicator of credit quality of consumer loans. Principally, the U.S. residential first mortgage loans use the Mortgage Bankers Association (MBA) method of reporting delinquencies, which considers a loan delinquent if a monthly payment has not been received by the end of the day immediately preceding the loan’s next due date. All other loans use a method of reporting delinquencies that considers a loan delinquent if a monthly payment has not been received by the close of business on the loan’s next due date.
Consumer Non-accrual Policies
For installment and real estate loans, Citi’s non-accrual policy is that generally, prior to charge-off, interest accrual ceases when payments are
90
days contractually past due (DPD), with the exception of certain loans insured by U.S. government agencies.
Credit cards and other unsecured revolving loans generally are not subject to non-accrual policies and continue to accrue interest until charged off at 180 DPD. Details of Citi’s charge-off policies are provided further below.
Consumer Loan Modification, Re-Aging and Return to Accrual Status
Citi seeks to modify consumer loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty to minimize losses, avoid foreclosure or