performance and a right to receive benefits or the obligation to absorb losses of the entity that could be potentially significant to the VIE (that is, Citi is the primary beneficiary). In addition to variable interests held in consolidated VIEs, the Company has variable interests in other VIEs that are not consolidated because the Company is not the primary beneficiary.
All unconsolidated VIEs are monitored by the Company to assess whether any events have occurred to cause its primary beneficiary status to change.
All entities not deemed to be VIEs with which the Company has involvement are evaluated for consolidation under other subtopics of ASC 810.
See Note 23 for more detailed information.
Transfers of Financial Assets
For a transfer of financial assets to be considered a sale, (i) the assets must be legally isolated from the Company, even in bankruptcy or other receivership, (ii) the purchaser must have the right to pledge or sell the assets transferred (or, if the purchaser is an entity whose sole purpose is to engage in securitization and asset-backed financing activities through the issuance of beneficial interests and that entity is constrained from pledging the assets it receives, each beneficial interest holder must have the right to sell or pledge their beneficial interests), and (iii) the Company may not have an option or obligation to reacquire the assets.
If these sale requirements are met, the assets are removed from the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. If the conditions for sale are not met, the transfer is considered to be a secured borrowing, the assets remain on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the sale proceeds are recognized as the Company’s liability. A legal opinion on a sale generally is obtained for complex transactions or where the Company has continuing involvement with the assets transferred or with the securitization entity. For a transfer to be eligible for sale accounting, that opinion must state that the asset transfer would be considered a sale and that the assets transferred would not be consolidated with the Company’s other assets in the event of the Company’s insolvency. See Note 23 for further discussion.
Securitizations
If the securitization entity is a VIE, the Company consolidates the VIE if it is the primary beneficiary (as discussed in “Variable Interest Entities” above). For all other securitization entities determined not to be VIEs in which Citigroup participates, consolidation is based on which party has voting control of the entity, giving consideration to removal and liquidation rights in certain partnership structures. Only securitization entities controlled by Citigroup are consolidated.
Where the Company is not required to consolidate the securitization entity, the transfer of financial assets to the entity is evaluated for sale accounting, as discussed in “Transfers of Financial Assets” above.
Interests in the securitized and sold assets may be retained in the form of subordinated or