financial reporting as of December 31, 2024.
134
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements in this report, including but not limited to statements included within the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In addition, Citigroup may make forward-looking statements in its other documents filed or furnished with the SEC, and its management may make forward-looking statements orally to analysts, investors, representatives of the media and others.
Generally, forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts but instead represent Citigroup’s and its management’s beliefs regarding future events. Such statements may be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, may increase, may fluctuate, target, outlook, guidance and illustrative, and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as will, should, would and could.
Such statements are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances. Actual results of operations and financial conditions, including capital and liquidity, may differ materially from those included in these statements due to a variety of factors, including without limitation (i) the precautionary statements included within the “Executive Summary,” “Citi’s Multiyear Transformation” and each business’s discussion and analysis of its results of operations and (ii) the factors listed and described under “Risk Factors” above.
Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Citigroup speak only as to the date they are made, and Citi does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date that the forward-looking statements were made.
135
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
Citigroup Inc.:
Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Citigroup Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the