Long-Term Debt Outstanding
The following table presents Citi’s end-of-period total long-term debt outstanding for each of the dates indicated:
Note: Amounts represent the current value of long-term debt on Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet that, for certain debt instruments, includes consideration of fair value, hedging impacts and unamortized discounts and premiums.
(1)
Non-bank includes long-term debt issued to third parties by the parent holding company (Citigroup) and Citi’s non-bank subsidiaries (including broker-dealer subsidiaries) that are consolidated into Citigroup. As of March 31, 2025, non-bank included $92.8 billion of long-term debt issued by Citi’s broker-dealer and other subsidiaries that are consolidated into Citigroup. Certain Citigroup consolidated hedging activities are also included in this line.
(2)
Local country and other includes debt issued by Citi’s affiliates in support of their local operations. Within non-bank, certain secured financing is also included.
(3)
Predominantly credit card securitizations, primarily backed by Branded Cards receivables.
Citi’s total long-term debt outstanding increased 4% year-over-year, driven by higher benchmark debt issuances by both bank and non-bank entities. Sequentially, long-term debt outstanding increased 3%, largely related to issuances in benchmark debt and customer-related debt at non-bank entities.
As part of its liability management, Citi has considered, and may continue to consider, opportunities to redeem or repurchase its long-term debt pursuant to open market purchases, tender offers or other means. Such redemptions and repurchases help reduce Citi’s overall funding costs. During the first quarter of 2025, Citi redeemed or repurchased an aggregate of $14.7 billion of its outstanding long-term debt.
66
Long-Term Debt Issuances and Maturities
The table below details Citi’s long-term debt issuances and maturities (including repurchases and redemptions) during the periods presented:
The table below details Citi’s aggregate long-term debt maturities (including repurchases and redemptions) during the three months of 2025, as well as its aggregate expected remaining long-term debt maturities by year as of March 31, 2025:
67
Secured Funding Transactions and Short-Term Borrowings
Citi supplements its primary sources of funding with short-term financings that generally include (i) secured funding transactions consisting of securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase, i.e., repos, and (ii) to a lesser extent, short-term borrowings consisting of commercial paper issuances and borrowings from the FHLB and other market participants.
Secured Funding Transactions
Secured funding is primarily accessed through Citi’s broker-dealer subsidiaries, with a smaller portion executed through Citi’s bank entities to efficiently fund both (i) secured lending activity and (ii) a portion of the securities inventory held in the context of market making and customer activities. Secured