obligation, and the likelihood of such events occurring is currently not probable, there is
no
liability reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 related to this indemnification. However, if both events become reasonably possible (meaning more than remote but less than probable), Citi will be required to estimate and disclose a reasonably possible loss or range of loss to the extent that such an estimate could be made. In addition, if both events become probable, Citi will be required to accrue for such liability in accordance with applicable accounting principles.
Futures and Over-the-Counter Derivatives Clearing
Citi provides clearing services on central clearing parties (CCP) for clients that need to clear exchange-traded and over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives contracts with CCPs. Based on all relevant facts and circumstances, Citi has concluded that it acts as an agent for accounting purposes in its role as clearing member for these client transactions. As such, Citi does not reflect the underlying exchange-traded or OTC derivatives contracts in its Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 24 for a discussion of Citi’s derivatives activities that are reflected in its Consolidated Financial Statements.
As a clearing member, Citi collects and remits cash and securities collateral (margin) between its clients and the respective CCP. In certain circumstances, Citi collects a higher amount of cash (or securities) from its clients than it needs to remit to the CCPs. This excess cash is then held at depository institutions such as banks or carry brokers.
There are
two
types of margin: initial and variation. Where Citi obtains benefits from or controls cash initial margin (e.g., retains an interest spread), cash initial margin collected from clients and remitted to the CCP or depository institutions is reflected within
Brokerage payables
(payables to customers) and
Brokerage receivables
(receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations) or
Cash and due from banks
, respectively.
However, for exchange-traded and OTC-cleared derivatives contracts where Citi does not obtain benefits from or control the client cash balances, the client cash initial margin collected from clients and remitted to the CCP or depository institutions is not reflected on Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. These conditions are met when Citi has contractually agreed with the client that (i) Citi will pass through to the client all interest paid by the CCP or depository institutions on the cash initial margin, (ii) Citi will not utilize its right as a clearing member to transform cash margin into other assets, (iii) Citi does not guarantee and is not liable to the client for the performance of the CCP or the depository institution and (iv) the client cash balances are legally isolated from Citi’s bankruptcy estate. The total amount of cash initial margin collected and remitted in this manner was approximately $
14.9
billion and $