table reflects activity for loans outstanding as of the end of the reporting period. The balances are not significant as a percentage of the total carrying values of loans by class of receivable as of March 31, 2025 and 2024.
(2)
Commitments to lend to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that were granted modifications totaled $
51
million and $
530
million as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
(3)
The allowance for corporate loans, including modified loans, is based on the borrower’s overall financial performance. Charge-offs for amounts deemed uncollectible may be recorded at the time of the modification or may have already been recorded in prior periods such that no charge-off is required at the time of modification.
(4)
Payment delays either for principal or interest payments had an immaterial financial impact.
(5)
Other includes installment and other, lease financing and loans to government and official institutions.
133
Performance of Modified Corporate Loans
The following tables present the delinquencies of modified corporate loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. It includes loans that were modified during the 12 months ended March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:
(1)
Corporate loans are generally not modified as a result of their delinquency status; rather, they are modified because of events that have impacted the overall financial performance of the borrower. Corporate loans, if past due, are re-aged to current status upon modification.
(2)
Other includes installment and other, lease financing and loans to government and official institutions.
Defaults of Modified Corporate Loans
No modified corporate loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty defaulted during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024. Default is defined as 60 days past due, except for classifiably managed commercial banking loans, where default is defined as 90 days past due. For a modified corporate loan that is not collateral dependent, expected default rates are considered in the loan’s individually assessed ACL.
CONSUMER LOANS
Consumer loans represent loans and leases managed primarily by
USPB
,
Wealth
and
All Other
—Legacy Franchises (except Mexico SBMM).
Citigroup has established a risk management process to monitor, evaluate and manage the principal risks associated with its consumer loan portfolio. Credit quality indicators that are actively monitored include delinquency status, consumer credit scores under Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) and loan-to-value (LTV) ratios, each as discussed in more detail below.
For Citi’s policies related to consumer loans, including non-accrual and charge-off policies, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
134
The following tables provide Citi’s consumer loans by type:
Consumer Loans, Delinquencies and Non-Accrual Status at March 31, 2025
Consumer Loans, Delinquencies and Non-Accrual Status at December 31, 2024
(1)
Loans less than