downs and the impact of Mexican peso depreciation. Corporate/Other revenues of $(176) million decreased from $557 million in the prior-year period, largely driven by lower net interest income and the impact of valuation adjustments on certain investments and positions. Legacy Franchises (managed basis) revenues of $1.6 billion decreased 11%, driven by lower revenue related to closed exits and wind-downs and the impact of Mexican peso depreciation.
All Other
(managed basis) expenses of $2.2 billion decreased 17%, primarily driven by a smaller FDIC special assessment and the absence of a restructuring charge versus the prior-year period, as well as the reduction from closed exits and wind-downs and the impact of Mexican peso depreciation. Cost of credit was $359 million compared to $186 million in the prior-year period, driven by a net ACL build related to uncertainty and deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook in the current quarter and higher net credit losses in the consumer loan portfolio in Mexico.
For additional information on the results of operations of
All Other
(managed basis) in the first quarter of 2025, see “
All Other
—Divestiture-Related Impacts (Reconciling Items)” and “
All Other
(Managed Basis)” below.
Macroeconomic and Other Risks and Uncertainties
Various macroeconomic, geopolitical and regulatory factors have contributed to economic uncertainty in the U.S. and globally, including, but not limited to, those related to policies and actions of the U.S. administration. In April 2025, the U.S. administration announced a 10% baseline tariff on imports from nearly all U.S. trading partners, as well as additional individualized “reciprocal” tariffs, which after retaliatory measures have resulted in tariffs as high as 145% on Chinese imports. The U.S. administration subsequently delayed most tariffs above the 10% baseline (excluding China) for 90 days to allow for negotiations. The U.S. administration has also implemented separate tariffs on Mexico and Canada, as well as on automobile, steel and aluminum imports, among others. Certain U.S. trading partners have announced retaliatory tariffs in response. Uncertainty regarding the final imposition of tariffs and impacts on global trade flows has resulted in heightened market volatility and raised concerns about the near-term impact on inflation, unemployment and economic
9
growth, including increasing concerns over the potential for a recession.
The above risks could adversely affect Citi’s clients, customers, businesses, funding costs, cost of credit and overall results of operations and financial condition during the remainder of 2025 and future years. For a discussion of other trends, uncertainties and risks that will or could impact Citi’s businesses, results of operations, capital and other financial condition during the remainder of 2025, see “First Quarter of 2025 Results Summary” above, “Citi’s Multiyear Transformation,” each respective business’s results of operations,