Commission (CFTC). Citibank, CGMI, Citigroup Energy Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG (CGME) and CGML are also registered as swap dealers with the CFTC (see below). CGMI is also subject to SEC and CFTC rules that specify uniform minimum net capital requirements. Compliance with these rules could limit those operations of CGMI that require the intensive use of capital and also limits the ability of broker-dealers to transfer large amounts of capital to parent companies and other affiliates. See “Capital Resources” above and Note 20 for a further discussion of capital considerations of Citi’s non-banking subsidiaries.
Transactions with Affiliates
Transactions between Citi’s U.S. subsidiary depository institutions and their non-bank affiliates are regulated by the FRB, and are generally required to be on arm’s-length terms. See “Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk” above.
COMPETITION
The financial services industry is highly competitive. Citi’s competitors include a variety of financial services and advisory companies, as well as certain non-financial services firms. Citi competes for clients and capital (including deposits and funding in the short- and long-term debt markets) with some of these competitors globally and with others on a regional or product basis. Citi’s competitive position depends on many factors, including, among others, the value of Citi’s brand name and reputation, and the types of clients and geographies served; the quality, range, performance, innovation and pricing of products and services; the effectiveness of and access to distribution channels, maintenance of partner relationships, emerging technologies and technology advances, customer service and convenience; the effectiveness of transaction execution, interest rates, lending limits and risk appetite; regulatory constraints and compliance; and changes in the macroeconomic business environment or societal norms. Citi’s ability to compete effectively also depends upon its ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing employees, while managing compensation and other costs. For additional information on competitive factors and uncertainties impacting Citi’s businesses, see “Risk Factors—Strategic Risks” above.
312
DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO SECTION 219 OF THE IRAN THREAT REDUCTION AND SYRIA HUMAN RIGHTS ACT
Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (Section 219), which added Section 13(r) to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Citi is required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with certain individuals or entities that are the subject of sanctions under U.S. law. Disclosure may be required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. To the extent that transactions or dealings for its