data, including (i) statistically calculated estimates to cover the historical fluctuation of the default rates over the credit cycle, the historical variability of loss severity among defaulted loans and the degree to which there are large obligor concentrations in the global portfolio, and (ii) adjustments made for specifically known items, such as current environmental factors and credit trends.
Any adjustments needed to the modeled expected losses in the quantitative calculations are addressed through a qualitative adjustment. The qualitative adjustment considers, among other things: certain portfolio characteristics and concentrations; collateral coverage; model limitations; idiosyncratic events; and other relevant criteria under banking supervisory guidance for the ACL. The qualitative adjustment also reflects the estimated impact of the pandemic on the economic forecasts and the impact on credit loss estimates. The total ACL is composed of the quantitative and qualitative components. Citi’s qualitative component declined year-over-year, primarily driven by (i) the full release of COVID-19–
155
related uncertainty reserves, as the portfolio delinquencies and losses have increased and these risks are now captured in the quantitative component of the ACL, and (ii) releases related to reserves for specific risks and uncertainties impacting vulnerable industries and regions, partially offset by increases in transfer risk associated with exposures outside of the U.S., driven by safety and soundness considerations under U.S. banking law. See “Accounting Changes” below for information about how the calculation of the quantitative component of the ACL changed in 2024.
Consumer Loans
For consumer loans, most portfolios including North America cards, mortgages and personal installment loans (PILs) are covered by the PD, LGD and EAD loss forecasting models. Some smaller international portfolios are covered by econometric models where the gross credit loss (GCL) rate is forecast. The modeling of all retail products is performed by examining risk drivers for a given portfolio; these drivers relate to exposures with similar credit risk characteristics and consider past events, current conditions and R&S forecasts. Under the PD x LGD x EAD approach, GCLs and recoveries are captured on an undiscounted basis. Citi incorporates expected recoveries on loans into its reserve estimate, including expected recoveries on assets previously written off.
CECL defines the exposure’s expected life as the remaining contractual maturity including any expected prepayments. Subsequent changes to the contractual terms that are the result of a re-underwriting are not included in the loan’s expected CECL life.
Citi does not establish reserves for the uncollectible accrued interest on non-revolving consumer products, such as mortgages and installment loans, which are subject to a non-accrual and timely write-off policy at 90 days past due. As such, only the principal balance