regulatory capital.
The new U.S. administration has discussed potential reductions to the U.S. federal corporate tax rate and changes to the U.S. approach to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Pillar 2 framework. It is unclear whether any corporate tax rate reduction would apply to services companies like Citi. If the U.S. federal corporate tax rate applicable to Citi is reduced, Citi may benefit on a prospective net income basis, but the reduction could result in a material decrease in the value of Citi’s DTAs, which would also result in a material reduction to Citi’s net income during the period in which the change is enacted. Citi’s regulatory capital could also be reduced if the decrease in the value of Citi’s DTAs exceeds certain levels.
For additional information on Citi’s DTAs, including FTCs, see “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates—Income Taxes” below and Notes 1 and 10.
Citi’s Interpretation or Application of the Complex Tax Laws to Which It Is Subject Could Differ from Those of Governmental Authorities, Which Could Result in Litigation or Examinations and the Payment of Additional Taxes, Penalties or Interest.
Citi is subject to various income-based tax laws of the U.S. and its states and municipalities, as well as the numerous non-U.S. jurisdictions in which it operates. These tax laws are inherently complex, and Citi must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these laws to its entities, operations and businesses.
For example, the OECD Pillar 2 framework contemplates a 15% global minimum tax with respect to earnings in each country. The majority of EU member states have adopted the OECD Pillar 2 rules, and other non-U.S. countries have similarly adopted or are expected to adopt the rules. Under these rules, Citi will be required to pay a “top-up” tax to the extent that Citi’s effective tax rate in any given country is below 15%. Beginning in 2024, countries that adopted the OECD Pillar 2 rules can collect the top-up tax only with respect to earnings of entities in their jurisdiction or subsidiaries of such entities. Beginning in 2025, all countries that have adopted the OECD Pillar 2 rules can collect a share of the top-up tax owed with respect to any member of the Pillar 2 multinational group. While Citi does not currently expect the rules to have a material impact on its earnings, many aspects of the application of the rules and their implementation remain uncertain. Separately, the new U.S. administration has stated its opposition to the application of the global minimum tax to U.S. companies’ U.S. operations, and has indicated it may take retaliatory measures against other countries that seek to collect the minimum tax with respect to the U.S. operations of U.S. companies. Citi is
53
closely monitoring developments relating to the Pillar 2 negotiations to determine their potential impact.
Additionally, Citi is subject to litigation or examinations with U.S.