managed or classifiably managed. The delinquency-managed portfolio consists primarily of mortgages, margin lending and credit cards.
As of March 31, 2025, approximately $45 billion, or 30%, of the portfolios were classifiably managed and primarily consisted of mortgage loans, margin loans, personal and small business loans and other lending programs. These classifiably managed loans are primarily evaluated for credit risk based on their internal risk rating, of which 69% were rated investment grade. While the 90+ days past due delinquency rates shown in the chart above were calculated only for the delinquency-managed portfolio, the net credit loss rates presented were calculated using net credit losses for both the delinquency and classifiably managed portfolios.
As presented in the chart above, the first quarter of 2025 net credit loss rate in
Wealth
was broadly stable quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. The 90+ days past due delinquency rate was broadly stable quarter-over-quarter and increased year-over-year, primarily driven by consumer mortgages. The low net credit loss and the 90+ days past due delinquency rates continued to reflect the strong credit profiles of the portfolios.
52
Mexico Consumer operates in Mexico through Banamex and provides credit cards, consumer mortgages and small business and personal loans. Mexico Consumer serves a mass-market segment in Mexico and focuses on developing multiproduct relationships with customers.
As of March 31, 2025, approximately 40% of Mexico Consumer EOP loans consisted of credit card loans, which largely drives the overall credit performance of Mexico Consumer, as the cards net credit losses represented approximately 65% of total Mexico Consumer net credit losses for the first quarter of 2025.
As presented in the chart above, the first quarter of 2025 net credit loss rate in Mexico Consumer increased quarter-over-quarter, driven by a $13 million charge-off for uncollectible value added tax on accrued interest and an increase in settlements. The net credit loss rate increased year-over-year, primarily driven by the ongoing normalization of loss and delinquency rates from post-pandemic lows.
The 90+ days past due delinquency rate was broadly stable quarter-over-quarter and increased year-over-year. The year-over-year increase was driven by the ongoing normalization of loss and delinquency rates from post-pandemic lows.
For additional details on cost of credit, loan delinquency and other information for Citi’s consumer loan portfolios, see each respective business’s results of operations above and Note 14.
U.S. Cards FICO Distribution
The following tables present the current FICO score distributions for Citi’s Branded Cards and Retail Services portfolios based on end-of-period receivables. FICO scores are updated as they become available.
Branded Cards
Retail Services
(1)    Excludes immaterial balances for Canada and for customers for which no FICO scores are available.
The FICO distribution