positions that fail to meet the intent and ability to trade requirements and are therefore classified as non-trading book and categories of exposures that are specifically excluded as covered positions. Regulatory VaR excludes CVA on derivative instruments and DVA on Citi’s own fair value option liabilities. CVA hedges are excluded from Regulatory VaR and included in credit risk-weighted assets as computed under the Advanced Approaches for determining risk-weighted assets.
Regulatory VaR Back-Testing
In accordance with Basel III, Citi is required to perform back-testing to evaluate the effectiveness of its Regulatory VaR model. Regulatory VaR back-testing is the process in which the daily one-day VaR, at a 99% confidence interval, is compared to the buy-and-hold profit and loss (i.e., the profit and loss impact if the portfolio is held constant at the end of the day and re-priced the following day). Buy-and-hold profit and loss represents the daily mark-to-market profit and loss attributable to price movements in covered positions from the close of the previous business day. Buy-and-hold profit and loss excludes realized trading revenue, net interest, fees and commissions, intra-day trading profit and loss and changes in reserves.
Based on a 99% confidence level, Citi would expect two to three days in any one year where buy-and-hold losses exceed the Regulatory VaR. Given the conservative calibration of Citi’s VaR model (as a result of taking the greater of short- and long-term volatilities and fat-tail scaling of volatilities), Citi would expect fewer exceptions under normal and stable market conditions. Periods of unstable market conditions could increase the number of back-testing exceptions.
114
The following graph presents the daily buy-and-hold profit and loss associated with Citi’s covered positions compared to Citi’s one-day Regulatory VaR during 2024. During 2024, no back-testing exceptions were observed at the Citigroup level.
The difference between the 58.8% of days with buy-and-hold gains for Regulatory VaR back-testing and the 98.5% of days with trading, net interest and other revenue associated with Citi’s trading businesses, presented in the histogram of daily trading-related revenue below, reflects, among other things, that a significant portion of Citi’s trading-related revenue is not generated from daily price movements on these positions and exposures, as well as differences in the portfolio composition of Regulatory VaR and Risk Management VaR.
(1)     Buy-and-hold profit and loss, as defined by the banking regulators under Basel III, represents the daily mark-to-market revenue movement attributable to the trading position from the close of the previous business day. Buy-and-hold profit and loss excludes realized trading revenue and net interest intra-day trading profit and loss on new and terminated trades, as well as changes in reserves. Therefore, it is not comparable to the trading-related revenue presented in the chart of