decreased 5% from the prior-year period. The decrease included divestiture-related impacts of $34 million and an FDIC special assessment of $20 million in the current quarter. This compares to divestiture-related impacts of $110 million and an FDIC special assessment of $251 million in the prior-year period. Excluding divestiture-related impacts and the FDIC special assessments in both periods, expenses decreased 3%, largely driven by the absence of a restructuring charge and lower compensation expenses, which benefited from a favorable foreign exchange (FX) translation impact. These drivers were partially offset by increases in technology/communications and professional services expenses related to Citi’s transformation, as well as advertising and marketing expense.
Cost of Credit
Citi’s total provisions for credit losses and for benefits and claims was $2.7 billion, compared to $2.4 billion in the prior-year period. The increase was largely driven by a higher net build in the allowance for credit losses (ACL) related to uncertainty and deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook in the current quarter relative to the prior-year period and higher net credit losses in the card portfolios in
USPB
. For additional information on Citi’s ACL, see “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates—Citi’s Allowance for Credit Losses (ACL)” below.
Net credit losses of $2.5 billion increased 7% from the prior-year period. Consumer net credit losses of $2.3 billion increased 6%, primarily driven by the card portfolios in
USPB
. Corporate net credit losses were $182 million versus $164 million in the prior-year period.
Subject to continued evolving macroeconomic conditions, Citi expects to continue to experience an elevated net credit loss rate for full-year 2025 in line with 2024, with higher loss rates in the first half of the year in Branded Cards and Retail
7
Services consistent with seasonal patterns. Citi also expects that its future ACL builds during the remainder of 2025 will be a function of both the macroeconomic environment and business volumes, among other factors.
For additional information on Citi’s consumer and corporate credit costs, see each respective business’s results of operations and “Credit Risk” below.
Capital
Citigroup’s CET1 Capital ratio decreased to 13.4% as of March 31, 2025, compared to 13.5% as of March 31, 2024, based on the Basel III Standardized Approach for determining risk-weighted assets (RWA). The decrease was primarily driven by the payment of common and preferred dividends, common share repurchases, an increase in RWA and net adverse movements in
Accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI)
, largely offset by net income.
In the first quarter of 2025, Citi repurchased $1.75 billion of common shares and paid $1.1 billion of common dividends (see “Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Repurchases of Equity Securities and Dividends” below). For the second quarter of 2025, Citi is targeting a similar level of