substantial majority through the Master Trust. These trusts are consolidated entities because, as servicer, Citigroup has the
power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the trusts. Citigroup holds a seller’s interest and certain securities issued by the trusts, which could result in exposure to potentially significant losses or benefits from the trusts. Accordingly, the transferred credit card receivables remain on Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet with
no
gain or loss recognized. The debt issued by the trusts to third parties is included on Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Citi utilizes securitizations as one of the sources of funding for its business in North America.
The following table reflects amounts related to the Company’s securitized credit card receivables:
The following table summarizes selected cash flow information related to Citigroup’s credit card securitizations:
Managed Loans
After securitization of credit card receivables, the Company continues to maintain credit card customer account relationships and provides servicing for receivables transferred to the trusts. As a result, the Company considers the securitized credit card receivables to be part of the business it manages. As Citigroup consolidates the credit card trusts, all managed securitized card receivables are on-balance sheet.
Funding, Liquidity Facilities and Subordinated Interests
As noted above, Citigroup securitizes credit card receivables through
two
securitization trusts—Master Trust and Omni Trust. The liabilities of the trusts are included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, excluding those retained by Citigroup.
Master Trust Liabilities (at Par Value)
The Master Trust issues fixed- and floating-rate term notes. Some of the term notes may be issued to multi-seller commercial paper conduits. The weighted-average maturity of the third-party term notes issued by the Master Trust was
3.6
years as of December 31, 2024 and
3.8
years as of December 31, 2023.
Omni Trust Liabilities (at Par Value)
The Omni Trust issues fixed- and floating-rate term notes, some of which are purchased by multi-seller commercial paper conduits. The weighted-average maturity of the third-party term notes issued by the Omni Trust was
1.4
years as of December 31, 2024 and
1.3
years as of December 31, 2023.
247
Mortgage Securitizations
Citigroup provides a wide range of mortgage loan products to a diverse customer base that are securitized through the use of VIEs, which are funded through the issuance of trust certificates backed solely by the transferred assets. These certificates have the same life as the transferred assets. In addition to providing a source of liquidity and less expensive funding, securitizing these assets also reduces Citi’s credit exposure to the borrowers. These mortgage loan securitizations are primarily non-recourse, thereby effectively transferring the risk of future credit losses to the purchasers of the securities