mortgages in this portfolio have historically been extended to
high credit quality customers, generally with loan-to-value
ratios that are less than or equal to 80% on first and second
mortgages. For additional information, see “Loan-to-Value
(LTV) Ratios” in Note 15.
As presented in the chart above, the fourth quarter of 2024 net credit loss rate in Retail Banking increased quarter-over-
quarter and year-over-year, primarily driven by consumer overdraft loans.
The 90+ days past due delinquency rate was largely unchanged quarter-over-quarter and decreased year-over-year. The decrease was primarily driven by lower delinquencies in consumer mortgages.
Wealth
provides consumer mortgages, margin lending, credit cards and other lending products to customer segments that range from affluent to ultra-high net worth through the Private Bank, Wealth at Work and Citigold businesses. These customer segments represent a target market that is characterized by historically low default rates and delinquencies and includes loans that are delinquency managed or classifiably managed. The delinquency-managed portfolio consists primarily of mortgages, margin lending and credit cards.
81
As of December 31, 2024, approximately $43 billion, or 29%, of the portfolios were classifiably managed and primarily consisted of mortgage loans, margin loans, personal and small business loans and other lending programs. These classifiably managed loans are primarily evaluated for credit risk based on their internal risk rating, of which 72% were rated investment grade. While the 90+ days past due delinquency rates shown in the chart above were calculated only for the delinquency-managed portfolio, the net credit loss rates presented were calculated using net credit losses for both the delinquency and classifiably managed portfolios.
As presented in the chart above, the fourth quarter of 2024 net credit loss rate in
Wealth
was broadly stable quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. The 90+ days past due delinquency rate increased quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year, primarily driven by consumer mortgages. The low net credit loss and the 90+ days past due delinquency rates continued to reflect the strong credit profiles of the portfolios.
Mexico Consumer operates in Mexico through Banamex and provides credit cards, consumer mortgages and small business and personal loans. Mexico Consumer serves a mass-market segment in Mexico and focuses on developing multiproduct relationships with customers.
As of December 31, 2024, approximately 40% of Mexico Consumer EOP loans consisted of credit card loans, which generally drives the overall credit performance of Mexico Consumer, as the cards net credit losses represented approximately 60% of total Mexico Consumer net credit losses for the fourth quarter of 2024.
As presented in the chart above, the fourth quarter of 2024 net credit loss rate and the 90+ days past due delinquency rate in Mexico Consumer increased quarter-over-quarter and