Market risk RWA is calculated on a generally consistent basis between Basel III Standardized Approach and Basel III Advanced Approaches.
S&P:
Standard and Poor’s Global Ratings
SCB:
Stress Capital Buffer
SEC:
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
SLR:
Supplementary Leverage ratio. Represents Tier 1 Capital divided by Total Leverage Exposure.
SOFR:
Secured Overnight Financing Rate
SPEs:
Special purpose entities
Standardized Approach:
Established through Basel III, the Standardized Approach aligns regulatory capital requirements more closely with the key elements of banking risk by introducing a wider differentiation of risk weights and a wider recognition of credit risk mitigation techniques, while avoiding excessive complexity. Accordingly, the Standardized Approach produces capital ratios more in line with the actual economic risks that banks face.
Tangible book value per share (TBVPS)*:
Represents tangible common equity divided by EOP common shares outstanding.
Tangible common equity (TCE):
Represents common stockholders’ equity less goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, other than MSRs.
Taxable-equivalent basis:
Represents the total revenue, net of interest expense for the business, adjusted for revenue from investments that receive tax credits and the impact of tax-exempt securities. This metric presents results on a level comparable to taxable investments and securities. GAAP measures on a taxable equivalent basis, including the metrics derived from these measures, are non-GAAP financial measures.
TDR:
Troubled debt restructuring. Prior to January 1, 2023, a TDR was deemed to occur when the Company modified the original terms of a loan agreement by granting a concession to a borrower that was experiencing financial difficulty. Loans with short-term and other insignificant modifications that are not considered concessions were not TDRs. The accounting
guidance for TDRs was eliminated with the adoption of ASU 2022-02. See “Accounting Changes” in Note 1.
TEGU:
taxable equivalent gross-up adjustments
TLAC:
Total loss-absorbing capacity
Total ACL:
Allowance for credit losses, which comprises the allowance for credit losses on loans (ACLL), allowance for credit losses on unfunded lending commitments (ACLUC), allowance for credit losses on HTM securities and allowance for credit losses on other assets.
Total payout ratio*:
Represents total common dividends declared plus common share repurchases as a percentage of net income available to common shareholders.
Transactional and tax charges:
Largely comprises costs that are driven by revenues and transaction volumes, and is primarily composed of brokerage exchange and clearance costs, exchange fees, regulatory memberships and certain indirect, non-income tax payments that are not recorded in
Provision for income taxes
in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
Transformation:
Citi has embarked on a multiyear transformation, with the target outcome to change Citi’s business and operating