($252 billion); and unused borrowing capacity from available assets not already accounted for within Citi’s HQLA to support additional advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) and the Federal Reserve Bank discount window ($154 billion).
Short-Term Liquidity Measurement: Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)
In addition to internal 30-day liquidity stress testing performed for Citi’s major entities, operating subsidiaries and countries, Citi also monitors its liquidity by reference to the LCR. The table below details the components of Citi’s LCR calculation and HQLA in excess of net outflows for the periods indicated:
Note: The amounts are presented on an average basis.
As of March 31, 2025, Citigroup’s average LCR increased slightly from the quarter ended December 31, 2024.
In addition, considering Citi’s total available liquidity resources at quarter end of $960 billion, Citi maintained approximately $486 billion of excess liquidity resources above the stressed net outflows of approximately $474 billion, presented in the LCR table above.
64
Long-Term Liquidity Measurement: Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)
The NSFR measures the availability of an institution’s stable funding against the required stable funding in accordance with a calculation required by the rule. The ratio of available stable funding to required stable funding must be greater than 100%.
In general, an institution’s available stable funding includes portions of equity, deposits and long-term debt, while its required stable funding is based on the liquidity characteristics of its assets, derivatives and commitments. Standardized weightings are required to be applied to the various asset and liability classes.
For the quarter ended March 31, 2025, Citigroup’s consolidated NSFR was compliant with the 100% minimum requirement of the rule. (For additional information, see the Consolidated Citigroup NSFR Disclosure for the quarterly periods ended December 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024, on Citi’s Investor Relations website. The Consolidated Citigroup NSFR Disclosure on Citi’s Investor Relations website is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form any part of, this Form 10-Q).
Select Balance Sheet Items
This section provides details of select liquidity-related assets and liabilities reported on Citigroup’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Cash and Investments
The table below details average and end-of-period
Cash and due from banks
,
Deposits with banks
(collectively cash) and
Investment securities
. Citi’s investment securities portfolio consists largely of highly liquid U.S. Treasury, U.S. agency and other sovereign bonds, with an aggregate duration of less than three years. EOP cash, deposits and investments increased 1% quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by an increase in deposits late in the current quarter.
At March 31, 2025, Citi’s EOP cash and
Investment securities
comprised approximately 30% of total assets.
Deposits
The table below details the average deposits, by