which resulted in the exclusion of certain countries that Citi previously classified as emerging markets).
Emerging market risks include, among others, limitations or unavailability of hedges on foreign investments; foreign currency volatility, including devaluations and strength in the U.S. dollar; central bank interest rate and other monetary policies, including the impact of sustained high interest rates in the U.S.; unemployment, recessions or weak or slowing economic growth; elevated inflation and hyperinflation; foreign exchange controls, including an inability to access indirect foreign exchange mechanisms; macroeconomic,
63
geopolitical and domestic political challenges, uncertainties and volatility, including with respect to China, the Russia–Ukraine war and conflicts in the Middle East; cyberattacks; restrictions arising from retaliatory laws and regulations; sanctions or asset freezes; sovereign debt volatility; fluctuations in commodity prices; the effects of potential policy and other changes resulting from the new U.S. administration, including those related to Mexico; the effects of potential policy and other changes resulting from the new Mexican administration and Congress, including judicial reforms; regulatory changes, including potential conflicts among regulations with other jurisdictions where Citi does business; limitations on foreign investment; sociopolitical instability; civil unrest; crime, corruption and fraud; nationalization or loss of licenses; potential criminal charges; closure of branches or subsidiaries; and confiscation of assets; and these risks can be exacerbated in the event of a deterioration in the relationship between the U.S. and an emerging market country.
For example, Citi operates in several countries that have, or have had in the past, strict capital controls, currency controls and/or sanctions, such as Argentina and Russia, that limit its ability to convert local currency into U.S. dollars and/or transfer funds outside of those countries. For instance, Citi may need to record additional translation losses due to currency controls in Argentina (see “Managing Global Risk—Other Risks—Country Risk—Argentina” below). Moreover, Citi may need to record additional reserves for expected losses for its credit exposures based on the transfer risk associated with exposures outside the U.S., driven by safety and soundness considerations under U.S. banking law (see “Managing Global Risk—Other Risks—Country Risk—Argentina” and “—Russia” and “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates” below).
In the event of a loss of control of AO Citibank in Russia, Citi would be required to (i) write off its remaining nominal net investment, (ii) recognize a CTA loss of approximately $1.6 billion through earnings and (iii) recognize a loss of $0.9 billion on intercompany liabilities owed by AO Citibank to other Citi entities outside of Russia. In the sole event of a substantial liquidation, as opposed to a loss