open-end loans secured by one- to four-family residential properties are essentially home equity lines of credit. A home equity line of credit is a loan secured by a primary residence or second home to the extent of the excess of fair market value over the debt outstanding for the first mortgage.
Commercial Real Estate, Construction and Land Development
Commercial real estate, construction and land development include unused portions of commitments to extend credit for the purpose of financing commercial and multifamily residential properties as well as land development projects.
Both secured-by-real-estate and unsecured commitments are included in this line, as well as undistributed loan proceeds, where there is an obligation to advance for construction progress payments. However, this line only includes those extensions of credit that, once funded, will be classified as
Total loans, net
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Credit Card Lines
Citigroup provides credit to customers by issuing credit cards. The credit card lines are cancelable by providing notice to the cardholder or without such notice as permitted by local law.
Commercial and Other Consumer Loan Commitments
Commercial and other consumer loan commitments include overdraft and liquidity facilities as well as commercial commitments to make or purchase loans, purchase third-party receivables, provide note issuance or revolving underwriting facilities and invest in the form of equity.
Other Commitments
As a Federal Reserve member bank, Citi is required to subscribe to half of a certain amount of shares issued by its Federal Reserve District Bank. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, Citi holds shares with a carrying value of $
4.5
billion, with the remaining half subject to call by the Federal Reserve District Bank Board.
In the normal course of business, Citi enters into reverse repurchase and securities borrowing agreements, as well as repurchase and securities lending agreements, which settle at a future date. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, Citi had approximately $
117.7
billion and $
120.9
billion of unsettled reverse repurchase and securities borrowing agreements, and approximately $
126.8
billion and $
96.4
billion of unsettled repurchase and securities lending agreements, respectively. See Note 12 for a further discussion of securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities borrowed, and securities sold under agreements to repurchase and securities loaned, including the Company’s policy for offsetting repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements.
These amounts are not included in the table above.
297
29.
LEASES
The Company’s operating leases, where Citi is a lessee, include real estate, such as office space and branches, and various types of equipment. These leases may contain renewal and extension options and early termination features; however, these options do not impact the lease term unless the Company is reasonably certain that it will exercise options. These