property is imminent. The assumed recovery of a security may differ from its actual recovery that will be observable in the future. Generally, an increase in the recovery rate assumption increases the fair value of the security. An increase in loss severity, the inverse of the recovery rate, reduces the amount of principal available for distribution and, as a result, decreases the fair value of the security.
283
Credit Spread
Credit spread is a component of the security representing its credit quality. Credit spread reflects the market perception of changes in prepayment, delinquency and recovery rates, therefore capturing the impact of other variables on the fair value. Changes in credit spread affect the fair value of securities differently depending on the characteristics and maturity profile of the security. For example, credit spread is a more significant driver of the fair value measurement of a high-yield bond as compared to an investment-grade bond. Generally, the credit spread for an investment-grade bond is also more observable and less volatile than its high-yield counterpart.
Items Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and, therefore, are not included in the tables above. These include assets measured at cost that have been written down to fair value during the periods as a result of an impairment. These also include non-marketable equity securities that have been measured using the measurement alternative and are either (i) written down to fair value during the periods as a result of an impairment or (ii) adjusted upward or downward to fair value as a result of a transaction observed during the periods for an identical or similar investment in the same issuer. In addition, these assets include loans held-for-sale and other real estate owned that are measured at the lower of cost or market value.
The following tables present the carrying amounts of all assets that were still held for which a nonrecurring fair value measurement was recorded:
(1)
Net of mark-to-market amounts on the unfunded portion of loans HFS recognized as
Other liabilities
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(2)
Represents collateral-dependent loans held for investment for which the fair value of collateral is used to estimate expected credit losses, and whose carrying amount is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral less costs to sell, as applicable (primarily real estate).
The fair value of loans HFS is determined where possible using quoted secondary-market prices. If no such quoted price exists, the fair value of a loan is determined using quoted prices for a similar asset or assets, adjusted for the specific attributes of that loan. Fair value for the other real estate owned is based on appraisals. For loans whose carrying amount is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, the fair values depend on the type of collateral. Fair value of the