The benefit reflects the fact that the risks within individual and across risk types are not perfectly correlated and, consequently, the total VaR on a given day will be lower than the sum of the VaRs relating to each risk type. The determination of the primary drivers of changes to the covariance adjustment is made by an examination of the impact of both model parameter and position changes.
(2)    The total trading VaR includes mark-to-market and certain fair value option trading positions with the exception of hedges of the loan portfolio, fair value option loans and all CVA exposures. Available-for-sale and accrual exposures are not included.
(3)    The specific risk-only component represents the level of equity and fixed income issuer-specific risk embedded in VaR.
(4)    The credit portfolio is composed of mark-to-market positions associated with non-trading business units, with the CVA relating to derivative counterparties, all associated CVA hedges and market sensitivity FVA hedges. FVA and DVA are not included. The credit portfolio also includes hedges of the loan portfolio, fair value option loans and hedges of the leveraged finance pipeline within capital markets origination.
The table below provides the range of market factor VaRs associated with Citi’s total trading VaR, inclusive of specific risk:
Note: No covariance adjustment can be inferred from the above table as the high and low for each market factor will be from different close-of-business dates.
79
The following table provides the VaR for
Markets
, excluding the CVA relating to derivative counterparties, hedges of CVA, fair value option loans and hedges of the loan portfolio:
Regulatory VaR Back-Testing
In accordance with Basel III, Citi is required to perform back-testing to evaluate the effectiveness of its Regulatory VaR model. Regulatory VaR back-testing is the process in which the daily one-day VaR, at a 99% confidence interval, is compared to the buy-and-hold profit and loss (i.e., the profit and loss impact if the portfolio is held constant at the end of the day and re-priced the following day). Buy-and-hold profit and loss represents the daily mark-to-market profit and loss attributable to price movements in covered positions from the close of the previous business day. Buy-and-hold profit and loss excludes realized trading revenue, net interest, fees and commissions, intra-day trading profit and loss and changes in reserves.
Based on a 99% confidence level, Citi would expect two to three days in any one year where buy-and-hold losses exceed the Regulatory VaR. Given the conservative calibration of Citi’s VaR model (as a result of taking the greater of short- and long-term volatilities and fat-tail scaling of volatilities), Citi would expect fewer exceptions under normal and stable market conditions. Periods of unstable market conditions could increase the number of back-testing exceptions.
As of March 31, 2025, there were no back-testing exceptions observed for