Represents total common dividends declared plus common share repurchases as a percentage of net income available to common shareholders.
Transactional and tax charges:
Largely comprises costs that are driven by revenues and transaction volumes, and is primarily composed of brokerage exchange and clearance costs, exchange fees, regulatory memberships and certain indirect, non-income tax payments that are not recorded in
Provision for income taxes
in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
Transformation:
Citi has embarked on a multiyear transformation, with the target outcome to change Citi’s business and operating models such that they simultaneously strengthen risk and controls and improve Citi’s value to customers, clients and shareholders.
Unaudited:
Financial statements and information that have not been subjected to auditing procedures sufficient to permit an independent certified public accountant to express an opinion.
U.S. dollar clearing volume:
Represents the number of U.S. dollar clearing payment instructions processed by Citi on behalf of U.S. and foreign-domiciled entities (primarily financial institutions).
U.S. Treasury:
U.S. Department of the Treasury
VaR:
Value at risk. A measure of the dollar amount of potential loss from adverse market moves in an ordinary market environment.
VIEs:
Variable interest entities
Wallet:
Proportion of fee revenue based on estimates of investment banking fees generated across the industry (i.e., the revenue wallet) from investment banking transactions in M&A, equity and debt underwriting, and loan syndications.
324
EXHIBIT INDEX
325
326
327
328
The total amount of securities authorized pursuant to any instrument defining rights of holders of long-term debt of Citigroup Inc. does not exceed 10% of the total assets of Citigroup Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Citigroup Inc. will furnish copies of any such instrument to the SEC upon request.
Copies of any of the exhibits referred to above will be furnished at a cost of $0.25 per page (although no charge will be made for the 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K) to security holders who make a written request to Citigroup Inc., Corporate Governance, 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013.
* Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
+ Filed herewith.
329
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 21st day of February, 2025.
Citigroup Inc.
(Registrant)
/s/ Mark A. L. Mason
Mark A. L. Mason
Chief Financial Officer
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 21st day of February, 2025.
Citigroup’s Principal Executive Officer and a Director:
/s/ Jane Fraser
Jane Fraser
Citigroup’s Principal Financial