banking business, which was part of
All Other
—Legacy Franchises. The business had approximately $
11.6
billion in assets, including $
7.2
billion of loans (net of allowance of $
92
million) and excluding goodwill. The total amount of liabilities was $
9.2
billion, including $
9.0
billion in deposits. The sale resulted in a pretax gain on sale of approximately $
408
million ($
288
million after-tax), subject to closing adjustments, recorded in
Other revenue
. The income before taxes in the above table for Taiwan reflects Citi’s ownership through August 12, 2023.
(6)    Income before taxes for the period in which the individually significant component was classified as HFS for all prior periods presented. For Australia, excludes the pretax loss on sale. For the Philippines, Thailand, India and Taiwan, excludes the pretax gain on sale.
Citi did not have any other significant disposals as of December 31, 2024.
As of February 21, 2025, Citi had not entered into sale agreements for the remaining
All Other
—Legacy Franchises businesses to be sold, specifically the Poland consumer banking business and the Mexico Consumer/SBMM businesses.
For a description of the Company’s significant disposal transactions in prior periods and financial impact, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi’s 2023 Form 10-K.
165
Other Business Exits
Wind-Down of Korea Consumer Banking Business
On October 25, 2021, Citi disclosed its decision to wind down and close its Korea consumer banking business, which is reported in
All Other
—Legacy Franchises. In connection with the announcement, Citibank Korea Inc. (CKI) commenced a voluntary early termination program (Korea VERP). Due to the voluntary nature of this termination program, no liabilities for termination benefits are recorded until CKI makes formal offers to employees that are then irrevocably accepted by those employees, at which time related charges are recorded in
Compensation and benefits
expenses.
The following table summarizes the reserve charges related to the Korea VERP and other initiatives reported in
All Other
:
Note: There were no additional charges after June 30, 2022.
The total cash charges for the wind-down were $
1.1
billion through 2022, most of which were recognized in 2021. Citi does not expect to record any additional charges in connection with the Korea VERP.
See Note 8 for details on the pension impact of the Korea wind-down.
Wind-Down of Russia Consumer and Institutional Banking Businesses
On August 25, 2022, Citi announced its decision to wind down its consumer banking and local commercial banking operations in Russia, including actively pursuing sales of certain Russian consumer banking portfolios.
On October 14, 2022, Citi disclosed that it would end nearly all of the institutional banking services it offered in Russia by the end of the first quarter of 2023. Since the first quarter of 2023, Citi’s only operations in Russia were those necessary to fulfill its remaining legal