CITIGROUP’S FIRST QUARTER 2025—FORM 10-Q
OVERVIEW
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with Citigroup’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (referred to herein as Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K).
Throughout this report, “Citigroup,” “Citi” and “the Company” refer to Citigroup Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. All “Note” references correspond to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements herein, unless otherwise indicated.
For a list of certain terms and acronyms used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and other Citigroup presentations, see “Glossary of Terms and Acronyms” at the end of this report.
Additional Information
Additional information about Citigroup is available on Citi’s website at www.citigroup.com. Citigroup’s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and proxy statements, as well as other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) are available free of charge through Citi’s website by clicking on “SEC Filings” under the “Investors” tab. The SEC’s website also contains these filings and other information regarding Citi at www.sec.gov.
Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior periods’ financial statements and disclosures to conform to the current period’s presentation, including, effective January 1, 2025, certain transaction processing fees paid by Citi, primarily to credit card networks, reported within
U.S. Personal Banking (USPB)
,
Services
,
Wealth
and
All Other
—Legacy Franchises (Mexico Consumer/SBMM (Banamex) and Asia Consumer), which were previously presented within
Other operating
expenses and are now presented as contra-revenue within
Commissions and fees
reported in
Non-interest revenue
. Prior periods were conformed to reflect this change in presentation. Also effective January 1, 2025,
USPB
changed its reporting for certain installment lending products that were transferred from Retail Banking to Branded Cards to reflect where these products are managed. Prior periods were conformed to reflect this change.
Please see “Risk Factors” in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K for a discussion of material risks and uncertainties that could impact Citigroup’s businesses, results of operations and financial condition.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Citi prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and also presents certain non-GAAP financial measures (non-GAAP measures) that exclude certain items or otherwise include components that differ from the most directly comparable measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to be a substitute for GAAP financial measures and may not be defined or calculated the same way as non-GAAP measures with similar names used by other companies.
Citi’s non-GAAP measures in this Form 10-Q include:
•
Expenses excluding the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)