meaningful
2024 vs. 2023
Net income
was $1.4 billion, compared to $1.8 billion in the prior year, reflecting higher cost of credit, partially offset by higher revenues and lower expenses.
Revenues
increased 6%, due to higher net interest income (up 5%), driven by strong loan growth, primarily in cards, as well as higher non-interest revenue (up 24%). The increase in non-interest revenue was largely driven by lower partner payments in Retail Services, due to higher net credit losses, and an increase in interchange fees (see Note 5), driven by higher card spend volume in Branded Cards. The increase in non-interest revenue was partially offset by an increase in rewards costs in Branded Cards, driven by the higher card spend volume.
Cards revenues increased 7%. Branded Cards revenues increased 7%, primarily driven by interest-earning balance growth (up 9%), as payment rates continued to moderate, and card spend volume growth. Branded Cards average loans increased 9%, also reflecting the lower card payment rates and higher card spend volume. Branded Cards spend volume increased 4%, driven by higher FICO band customers.
Retail Services revenues increased 8%, primarily driven by higher non-interest revenue due to the lower partner payments, driven by the higher net credit losses (see “Provisions” below and Note 5), as well as higher net interest income on growth in interest-earning balances. Retail Services average loans increased 3%, largely reflecting lower card payment rates, partially offset by lower card spend volume. Retail Services card spend volume decreased 5%, primarily due to lower in-store foot traffic.
Retail Banking revenues decreased 1%, driven by the impact of the transfers of certain relationships and the associated deposit balances to
Wealth
, partially offset by higher deposit spreads, as well as mortgage and installment loan growth. Average mortgage loans increased 15%, primarily driven by lower refinancings due to higher interest rates and higher mortgage originations. Average deposits decreased 17%, largely reflecting the transfer of certain relationships and the associated deposit balances to
Wealth
($17 billion at the time of transfer over the last 12 months).
Expenses
decreased 1%, driven by continued productivity savings and lower technology costs, partially offset by higher volume-related expenses.
Provisions
were $8.6 billion, compared to $6.7 billion in the prior year, largely driven by higher net credit losses, partially offset by a lower ACL build for loans.
Net credit losses of $7.6 billion increased 45%, primarily reflecting the continued maturation of multiple cards loan vintages originated in recent years. The maturation was delayed by unprecedented levels of government stimulus during the pandemic. In addition, the increase was driven by macroeconomic pressures related to the elevated inflationary and interest rate environment impacting both cards portfolios, with lower FICO band customers primarily driving the