Restricted cash may include minimum reserve requirements at certain central banks and cash segregated to satisfy rules regarding the protection of customer assets as required by Citigroup broker-dealers’ primary regulators, including the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the United Kingdom’s Prudential Regulation Authority.
Restricted cash is included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet within the following balance sheet lines:
In addition to the restricted cash amounts presented above, at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, approximately $
9.0
billion and $
7.2
billion, respectively, was held at the Russian Deposit Insurance Agency (DIA) and was subject to restrictions imposed by the Russian government. These restricted amounts are reported within
Other assets
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
197
26.
LEASES
The Company’s operating leases, where Citi is a lessee, include real estate, such as office space and branches, and various types of equipment. These leases may contain renewal and extension options and early termination features; however, these options do not impact the lease term unless the Company is reasonably certain that it will exercise options. These leases have a weighted-average remaining lease term of approximately
six years
as of March 31, 2025.
For additional information regarding Citi’s leases, see Notes 1 and 29 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
The following table presents information on the right-of-use (ROU) asset and lease liabilities included in
Premises and equipment
and
Other liabilities
, respectively:
The Company recognizes fixed lease costs on a straight-line basis throughout the lease term in the Consolidated Statement of Income. In addition, variable lease costs are recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred.
At March 31, 2025, the Company had a future lease commitment scheduled to commence in April 2025 with fixed lease payments (undiscounted) totaling approximately $
255
million over a
15-year
lease term.
198
27.
CONTINGENCIES
The following information supplements and amends, as applicable, the disclosure in Note 30 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K. For purposes of this Note, Citigroup, its affiliates and subsidiaries and current and former officers, directors, and employees, are sometimes collectively referred to as Citigroup and Related Parties.
In accordance with ASC 450, Citigroup establishes accruals for contingencies, including any litigation, regulatory, or tax matters disclosed herein, when Citigroup believes it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Once established, accruals are adjusted from time to time, as appropriate, in light of additional information. The amount of loss ultimately incurred in relation to those matters may be substantially higher or lower than the amounts accrued for those matters. With respect to