revenues increased 3%.
Non-interest revenue increased 28%, largely due to the smaller impact from the Argentina currency devaluation. Excluding the impact of the Argentina currency devaluation, non-interest revenue increased 5%, driven by continued strength across underlying fee drivers in TTS and Securities Services. Net interest income increased 1%, as the benefit of higher deposit and loan volumes was largely offset by a decline in interest rates in Argentina. Average deposits increased 1%, primarily driven by growth in Securities Services. Citi continued to increase operating deposits in both TTS and Securities Services.
TTS revenues increased 6%, primarily driven by a 37% increase in non-interest revenue, partially offset by a 1%
decrease in net interest income. The increase in non-interest revenue was largely driven by the smaller impact from the Argentina currency devaluation (approximately $(164) million, compared to approximately $(1.0) billion in the prior year). Excluding the Argentina currency devaluation, non-interest revenue grew 3%, reflecting growth in underlying fee drivers, including cross-border transaction value (up 6%), U.S. dollar clearing volume (up 7%) and commercial card spend volume (up 5%). The decrease in net interest income was primarily driven by the decline in interest rates in Argentina. Average deposits were largely unchanged, as growth in International was offset by a decrease in North America. For additional information about Citi’s exposure in Argentina, see “Managing Global Risk—Other Risk—Country Risk—Argentina” below.
Securities Services revenues increased 17%, driven by a 15% increase in net interest income, primarily due to higher spreads and volumes, and an 18% increase in non-interest revenue. The increase in spreads was driven by higher interest rates and deposit mix across currencies. Average deposits increased 6%, driven by growth in both North America and International. The growth in non-interest revenue was primarily driven by increased fees from higher AUC/AUA
19
balances and continued elevated levels of corporate activity in Issuer Services, as well as the smaller impact from the Argentina currency devaluation. AUC/AUA balances increased 8%, benefiting from higher market valuations, new client onboarding and deepening share of existing client wallet.
Expenses
increased 6%, primarily driven by continued investments in technology and platform modernization, other risk and controls and product innovation, as well as an Argentina-related transaction tax expense and higher legal expenses, partially offset by the impact of productivity savings.
Provisions
were $276 million, compared to $950 million in the prior year, primarily driven by a lower ACL build on other assets.
The net ACL build was $228 million, compared to $910 million in the prior year. The lower net ACL build was primarily due to a smaller build for transfer risk associated with exposures outside the U.S., driven by safety and soundness