notional amount.
(6)
Both trading and non-trading account derivatives—assets and liabilities—are presented on a gross absolute value basis.
(7)
Includes hybrid products.
282
Uncertainty of Fair Value Measurements Relating to Unobservable Inputs
Valuation uncertainty arises when there is insufficient or dispersed market data to allow a precise determination of the exit value of a fair-valued position or portfolio in today’s market. This is especially prevalent in Level 3 fair value instruments, where uncertainty exists in valuation inputs that may be both unobservable and significant to the instrument’s (or portfolio’s) overall fair value measurement. The uncertainties associated with key unobservable inputs on the Level 3 fair value measurements may not be independent of one another. In addition, the amount and direction of the uncertainty on a fair value measurement for a given change in an unobservable input depends on the nature of the instrument as well as whether the Company holds the instrument as an asset or a liability. For certain instruments, the pricing, hedging and risk management are sensitive to the correlation between various inputs rather than on the analysis and aggregation of the individual inputs.
The following section describes some of the most significant unobservable inputs used by the Company in Level 3 fair value measurements.
Correlation
Correlation is a measure of the extent to which two or more variables change in relation to each other. A variety of correlation-related assumptions are required for a wide range of instruments, including equity and credit baskets, foreign exchange options, Credit Index Tranches and many other instruments. For almost all of these instruments, correlations are not directly observable in the market and must be calculated using alternative sources, including historical information. Estimating correlation can be especially difficult where it may vary over time, and calculating correlation information from market data requires significant assumptions regarding the informational efficiency of the market (e.g., swaption markets). Uncertainty therefore exists when an estimate of the appropriate level of correlation as an input into some fair value measurements is required.
Changes in correlation levels can have a substantial impact, favorable or unfavorable, on the value of an instrument, depending on its nature. A change in the default correlation of the fair value of the underlying bonds comprising a CDO structure would affect the fair value of the senior tranche. For example, an increase in the default correlation of the underlying bonds would reduce the fair value of the senior tranche, because highly correlated instruments produce greater losses in the event of default and a portion of these losses would become attributable to the senior tranche. That same change in default correlation would have a different impact on junior tranches of the same structure.
Volatility
Volatility represents