supports its clients in financing their transition to low-carbon business models, while also working with clients to prioritize global energy security, including for emerging markets where access to affordable energy is a top concern.
Sustainable Operations
In addition to the 2030 net zero GHG emissions commitment for its own operations, Citi measures progress against operational footprint goals, which include efforts to reduce the environmental impact of its facilities through reductions in emissions, energy usage, water consumption and waste generation. In 2024, Citi made progress toward these goals by increasing on-site solar generation, promoting initiatives on waste diversion and recycling, and employing more carbon-efficient techniques for building renovations.
Sustainable Finance
Citi’s $1 Trillion Sustainable Finance Goal, as previously disclosed, is an integrated effort across the organization to finance and facilitate $1 trillion in environmental and social finance activities with product and service offerings across multiple lines of business.
Additional Information
The “Citi Climate Report,” formerly the “Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) Report,” provides additional information on Citi’s continued progress to manage climate risk and its Net Zero Plan, including information on financed and facilitated emissions and 2030 interim emissions reduction targets. For additional information on Citi’s environmental and social policies and priorities, click on “Our Impact” on Citi’s website at www.citigroup.com. For information on Citi’s environmental and social governance, see Citi’s 2025 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in March 2025.
Citi’s climate reporting and any other environmental and social governance-related reports and information included elsewhere on Citi’s website are not incorporated by reference into, and do not form any part of, this Form 10-K.
65
HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES AND MANAGEMENT
Citi strives to deliver to its full potential by focusing on its strategic priority of attracting and retaining highly qualified and motivated employees. Citi’s vision remains—to be the preeminent banking partner for institutions with cross-border needs, a global leader in wealth management and a valued personal bank in the U.S. Citi is structured around five core interconnected businesses—
Services
,
Markets
,
Banking
,
Wealth
and
USPB
,
a centralized client organization to strengthen how Citi delivers for clients across the Company and an international unit to oversee the local delivery of the Company’s services and products to clients in each of the markets where Citi has an on-the-ground presence to serve and support large and mid-sized companies. Citi seeks to enhance the competitive strength of its workforce through the following efforts:
•    Continuously innovating its efforts to recruit, train, develop, compensate, promote and engage employees
•    Actively seeking and listening to diverse