immaterial at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(3)    For major consumer portfolios, the ACLL is based on macroeconomic-sensitive models that rely on historical performance and macroeconomic scenarios to forecast expected credit losses. Modifications of consumer loans impact expected credit losses by affecting the likelihood of default.
(4)    North America includes the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico. Mexico is included in offices outside North America.
(5)    Excludes residential first mortgages discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy in the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
225
Performance of Modified Consumer Loans
The following tables present the delinquencies and gross credit losses of permanently modified consumer loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty, including loans that were modified during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:
(1)    North America includes the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico. Mexico is included in offices outside North America.
(2)    Typically, upon modification a loan re-ages to current. However, FFIEC guidelines for re-aging certain loans require that at least three consecutive minimum monthly payments, or the equivalent amount, be received. In these cases, the loan will remain delinquent until the payment criteria for re-aging have been satisfied.
(3)    Loans modified under Citi’s COVID-19 consumer relief programs continue to be reported in the same delinquency bucket they were in at the time of modification.
226
Defaults of Modified Consumer Loans
The following tables present default activity for permanently modified consumer loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty by type of modification granted, including loans that were modified and subsequently defaulted during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Default is defined as 60 days past due:
(1)    The above tables reflect activity for loans outstanding as of the end of the reporting period.
(2)    Modified residential first mortgages that default are typically liquidated through foreclosure or a similar type of liquidation.
(3)    North America includes the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico. Mexico is included in offices outside North America.
(4)    Modified credit card loans that default continue to be charged off in accordance with Citi’s consumer charge-off policy.
227
16.
ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES
(1)
See “Accounting Changes” in Note 1.
(2)
Upon acquisition, the par value of the purchased credit-deteriorated assets was approximately $
52
million and $
26
million during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
(3)
Represents additional credit loss reserves for unfunded lending commitments and letters of credit recorded in
Other liabilities
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(4)
See Note 2.
228
Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and End-of-Period Loans at December 31, 2024
(1)
Upon acquisition, the par value of the purchased credit-deteriorated assets was approximately $
52
million and $
26
million during the