adjusted for prepayments, and expected cash flows at the date of recognition.
Reserve Estimates and Policies
Management provides reserves for an estimate of lifetime ECLs in the funded loan portfolio on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in the form of an ACL. These reserves are established in accordance with Citigroup’s credit reserve policies, as approved by the Audit Committee of the Citigroup Board of Directors. Citi’s Chief Risk Officer and Chief Financial Officer review the adequacy of the credit loss reserves each quarter with risk management and finance representatives for each applicable business area. Applicable business areas include those having classifiably managed portfolios, where internal credit risk ratings are assigned (primarily
Services
,
Markets
,
Banking
and
Wealth
) and delinquency-managed portfolios (primarily
USPB
) or modified consumer loans, where concessions were granted due to the borrowers’ financial difficulties. The aforementioned representatives for these business areas present recommended reserve balances for their funded and unfunded lending portfolios along with supporting quantitative and qualitative data discussed below.
Estimated Credit Losses for Portfolios of Performing Exposures
Risk management and finance representatives who cover business areas with delinquency-managed portfolios containing smaller-balance homogeneous loans present their recommended reserve balances based on leading credit indicators, including loan delinquencies and changes in portfolio size as well as economic trends, including current and future housing prices, unemployment, length of time in foreclosure, costs to sell and GDP. This methodology is applied separately for each product within each geographic region in which these portfolios exist. This evaluation process is subject to numerous estimates and judgments.
157
Risk management and finance representatives who cover business areas with classifiably managed portfolios present their recommended reserve balances based on the frequency of default, risk ratings, loss recovery rates, size and diversity of individual large credits, and ability of borrowers with foreign currency obligations to obtain the foreign currency necessary for orderly debt servicing for countries with currency restrictions. Changes in these estimates could have a direct impact on the credit costs in any period and could result in a change in the allowance.
Allowance for Unfunded Lending Commitments
Credit loss reserves are recognized on all off-balance sheet commitments that are not unconditionally cancelable. Corporate loan EAD models include an incremental usage factor (or credit conversion factor) to estimate ECLs on amounts undrawn at the reporting date. Off-balance sheet commitments include unfunded exposures, revolving facilities, securities underwriting commitments, letters of credit, HELOCs and financial guarantees (excluding performance guarantees). This reserve is classified on the Consolidated Balance