share (EPS) computations:
(1)
Other relevant items in 2024 include issuance costs of $
11
million, $
5
million, $
8
million and $
12
million related to the redemption of preferred stock series M, U, D and the remaining redemption of preferred stock series J, respectively, and a benefit of $
14
million related to the reversal in 2024 of the 1% excise tax on preferred stock redemptions during 2023 due to the IRS final regulations issued in June 2024. The issuance costs were reclassified from
Additional paid-in capital
to
Retained earnings
upon redemption of the preferred stock. See Note 22. The total for this line also includes dividends and undistributed earnings ($
148
million combined for 2024) allocated to employee restricted and deferred shares with rights to dividends.
(2)
Due to rounding, earnings per share on continuing operations and discontinued operations may not sum to earnings per share on net income.
(3)
During 2024, 2023 and 2022, there were
no
weighted-average options outstanding.
196
12.
SECURITIES BORROWED, LOANED AND SUBJECT TO REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS
Securities borrowed and purchased under agreements to resell
, at their respective carrying values, consisted of the following:
Securities loaned and sold under agreements to repurchase
, at their respective carrying values, consisted of the following:
(1)     The above tables do not include securities-for-securities lending transactions of $
5.2
billion and $
4.3
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, where the Company acts as lender and receives securities that can be sold or pledged as collateral. In these transactions, the Company recognizes the securities received at fair value within
Other assets
and the obligation to return those securities as a liability within
Brokerage payables
.
(2)    See Note 16.
The resale and repurchase agreements represent collateralized financing transactions. Citi executes these transactions primarily through its broker-dealer subsidiaries to facilitate customer matched-book activity and to efficiently fund a portion of Citi’s trading inventory. Transactions executed by Citi’s bank subsidiaries primarily facilitate customer financing activity.
To maintain reliable funding under a wide range of market conditions, including under periods of stress, Citi manages these activities by taking into consideration the quality of the underlying collateral and stipulating financing tenor. Citi manages the risks in its collateralized financing transactions by conducting daily stress tests to account for changes in capacity, tenors, haircut, collateral profile and client actions. In addition, Citi maintains counterparty diversification by establishing concentration triggers and assessing counterparty reliability and stability under stress.
The Company’s policy is to take possession of the underlying collateral, monitor its market value relative to the amounts due under the agreements and, when necessary, require prompt transfer of additional