separate note to the financial statements, a qualitative description of the amounts remaining in relevant expense captions that are not separately disaggregated quantitatively, and the total amount of selling expenses and, in an annual reporting period, an entity’s definition of selling expenses.
The transition method is prospective with the retrospective method permitted, and the ASU will be effective for Citi for its annual period ending December 31, 2027 and interim periods for the interim period beginning January 1, 2028. Citi is currently evaluating the impact on its disclosures.
Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-08,
Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Crypto Assets (Subtopic 350-60): Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets
, intended to improve the accounting for certain crypto assets by requiring an entity to measure those assets at fair value each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in net income. The amendments also improve the information provided to investors about an entity’s crypto asset holdings by requiring disclosure about significant holdings, contractual sale restrictions and changes during the reporting period. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, and interim periods within those fiscal years with
162
early adoption permitted. Citi does not hold any crypto assets within the scope of the guidance.
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
, intended to enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures. This guidance requires that public business entities disclose on an annual basis a tabular rate reconciliation in eight specific categories disaggregated by nature and for foreign tax effects by each jurisdiction that meets a 5% of pretax income multiplied by the applicable statutory tax rate or greater threshold annually. The eight categories include state and local income taxes, net of federal income tax effect; foreign tax effects; enactment of new tax laws; enactment of new tax credits; effect of cross-border tax laws; valuation allowances; nontaxable items and nondeductible items; and changes in unrecognized tax benefits. Additional disclosures include qualitative description of the state and local jurisdictions that contribute to the majority (greater than 50%) of the effect of the state and local income tax category and explanation of the nature and effect of changes in individual reconciling items. The guidance also requires entities annually to disclose income taxes paid (net of refunds received) disaggregated by federal, state and foreign taxes and by jurisdiction identified based on the same 5% quantitative threshold.
The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The transition method is prospective with