delivered when purchased and amounts are refunded when items are returned
293
to merchants. Citi assesses the probability and amount of its contingent liability related to merchant processing based on the financial strength of the primary guarantor, the extent and nature of unresolved charge-backs and its historical loss experience. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the losses incurred and the carrying amounts of Citi’s contingent obligations related to merchant processing activities were immaterial.
Credit Card Arrangements with Partners
Citi, in one of its credit card partner arrangements, provides guarantees to the partner regarding the volume of certain customer originations and a minimum revenue target to be achieved by the program during the term of the agreement. To the extent that such origination and revenue targets are not met, the guarantees serve to compensate the partner for certain payments that otherwise would have been generated in connection with such originations and revenues generated by the program.
Other Guarantees and Indemnifications
Credit Card Protection Programs
Citi, through its credit card businesses, provides various cardholder protection programs on several of its card products, including programs that provide coverage for certain losses associated with purchased products, and protection for certain travel-related purchases. These guarantees are not included in the table, since the total outstanding amount of the guarantees and Citi’s maximum exposure to loss cannot be quantified. The protection is limited to certain types of purchases and losses, and it is not possible to quantify the purchases that would qualify for these benefits at any given time. Citi assesses the probability and amount of its potential liability related to these programs based on the extent and nature of its historical loss experience. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the actual and estimated losses incurred and the carrying value of Citi’s obligations related to these programs were immaterial.
Guarantees of Subsidiaries
The Company, on a contract-by-contract basis, may enter into agreements that contain indemnifications between legal entities within the consolidated group, whereupon payment may become due if certain external events occur. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company entered into an agreement that indemnifies certain subsidiaries of the Company against certain matters related to the business operated by the Company through other subsidiaries, including certain existing and future legal actions and other matters, such as tax matters. Certain of such indemnification obligations have no stated expiration date and are not subject to specific limitations on the maximum potential amount of future payments that the Company could be required to make. The Company is not able to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments to be made under this agreement because the triggering events are not predictable.
Other Representation and