basket comprised approximately $0.7 billion of Citi’s DTAs as of December 31, 2024, compared to approximately $1.2 billion as of December 31, 2023. The decrease in FTCs year-over-year was primarily due to current-year usage. The FTC carry-forward period represents the most time-sensitive component of Citi’s DTAs.
Citi had an ODL of approximately $9 billion at December 31, 2024, which allows Citi to elect a percentage between 50% and 100% of future years’ domestic source income to be reclassified as foreign source income. (See Note 10 for a description of the ODL.)
The majority of Citi’s U.S. federal net operating loss carry-forward and all of its New York State and City net operating loss carry-forwards are subject to a carry-forward period of 20 years. This provides enough time to fully utilize the net DTAs pertaining to these existing net operating loss carry-forwards. This is due to Citi’s forecast of sufficient U.S. taxable income and the continued taxation of Citi’s non-U.S. income by New York State and City.
Although realization is not assured, Citi believes that the realization of its recognized net DTAs of $29.8 billion at December 31, 2024 is more-likely-than-not, based on management’s expectations as to future taxable income in the jurisdictions in which the DTAs arise, as well as available tax planning strategies (as defined in ASC Topic 740,
Income Taxes
). Citi has concluded that it has the necessary positive evidence to support the realization of its net DTAs after taking its VAs into consideration.
See Note 10 for additional information on Citi’s income taxes, including its income tax provision, tax assets and liabilities and a tabular summary of Citi’s net DTAs balance as of December 31, 2024 (including the FTCs and applicable expiration dates of the FTCs). For information on Citi’s ability to use its DTAs, see “Risk Factors—Strategic Risks” above and Note 10.
Accounting Changes
See Note 1 for a discussion of changes in accounting standards.
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Citi’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, including without limitation that information required to be disclosed by Citi in its SEC filings is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Citi’s Disclosure Committee assists the CEO and CFO in their responsibilities to design, establish, maintain and evaluate the effectiveness of Citi’s disclosure controls and procedures. The Disclosure Committee is responsible for, among other things, the oversight, maintenance and implementation of the disclosure controls and procedures, subject to the supervision and oversight of the CEO and