unallocated precious metals investments and executes forward purchase and forward sale derivative contracts with trading counterparties. When Citi sells an unallocated precious metals investment, Citi’s receivable from its depository bank is repaid and Citi derecognizes its investment in the unallocated precious metal. The forward purchase or sale contract with the trading counterparty indexed to unallocated precious metals is accounted for as a derivative, at fair value through earnings.
Certain Mortgage Loans Held-for-Sale (HFS)
Citigroup has elected the fair value option for certain purchased and originated prime fixed-rate and conforming adjustable-rate first mortgage loans HFS. These loans are intended for sale or securitization and are economically hedged with derivative instruments. The Company has elected the fair value option to mitigate accounting mismatches in cases where hedge accounting is complex and to achieve operational simplifications.
The following table provides information about certain mortgage loans HFS carried at fair value:
The changes in the fair values of these mortgage loans are reported in
Other revenue
in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income. There was no net change in fair value during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 due to instrument-specific credit risk. Changes in fair value due to instrument-specific credit risk are estimated based on changes in the borrower default, prepayment and recovery forecasts in addition to instrument-specific credit spread. Related interest income continues to be measured based on the contractual interest rates and reported as
Interest income
in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
289
Certain Debt Liabilities
The Company has elected the fair value option for certain debt liabilities, because these exposures are considered to be trading-related positions and, therefore, are managed on a fair value basis. These positions are classified as
Long-term debt
or
Short-term borrowings
on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.
The following table provides information about the carrying value of notes carried at fair value, disaggregated by type of risk:
The portion of the changes in fair value attributable to changes in Citigroup’s own credit spreads (DVA) is reflected as a component of
AOCI
while all other changes in fair value are reported in
Principal transactions
. Changes in the fair value of these liabilities include accrued interest, which is also included in the change in fair value reported in
Principal transactions
.
Certain Non-Structured Liabilities
The Company has elected the fair value option for certain non-structured liabilities with fixed and floating interest rates. The Company has elected the fair value option where the interest rate risk of such liabilities may be economically hedged with derivative contracts or the proceeds are used to purchase
financial assets that will also be accounted for at fair value through earnings. The elections have been