unprecedented levels of government stimulus during the pandemic. In addition, the year-over-year increase was driven by macroeconomic pressures related to the elevated inflationary and interest rate environment.
The 90+ days past due delinquency rate was broadly stable quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year.
USPB
’s
Retail Services partners directly with more than 20 retailers and dealers to offer private label and co-branded cards. Retail Services’ target market focuses on select industry segments such as home improvement, specialty retail,
51
consumer electronics and fuel. Retail Services continually evaluates opportunities to add partners within target industries that have strong loyalty, lending or payment programs and growth potential.
As presented in the chart above, the first quarter of 2025 net credit loss rate for Retail Services increased quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by seasonality, and increased year-over-year, primarily reflecting the continued maturation of multiple cards loan vintages originated in recent years. The maturation was delayed by unprecedented levels of government stimulus during the pandemic. In addition, the year-over-year increase was driven by macroeconomic pressures related to the elevated inflationary and interest rate environment.
The 90+ days past due delinquency rate decreased quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year, reflecting continued stabilization in delinquencies.
For additional details on cost of credit, loan delinquency and other information for Citi’s cards portfolios, see each respective business’s results of operations above and Note 14.
USPB
’s Retail Banking portfolio consists primarily of consumer mortgages (including home equity) and unsecured lending products, such as small business loans and revolving products. The portfolio is generally delinquency managed, where Citi evaluates credit risk based on FICO scores, delinquencies and the value of underlying collateral. The consumer mortgages in this portfolio have historically been extended to high credit quality customers, generally with loan-to-value ratios that are less than or equal to 80% on first and second mortgages. For additional information, see “Loan-to-Value (LTV) Ratios” in Note 14.
As presented in the chart above, the first quarter of 2025 net credit loss rate for Retail Banking was broadly stable year-over-year and decreased quarter-over-quarter. The quarter-over-quarter decrease was driven by a reduction in the consumer overdraft loss rate.
The 90+ days past due delinquency rate was broadly stable quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year.
Wealth
provides consumer mortgages, margin lending, credit cards and other lending products to customer segments that range from affluent to ultra-high net worth through the Private Bank, Citigold and Wealth at Work businesses. These customer segments represent a target market that is characterized by historically low default rates and delinquencies and includes loans that are delinquency