from both physical risks (those risks related to the physical effects of climate change) and transition risks (risks related to regulatory, market, technological, stakeholder and legal changes from a transition to a low-carbon economy). Physical and transition risks can manifest themselves differently across Citi’s risk categories in the short, medium and long terms.
Physical risks from climate change include acute risks, such as wildfires, hurricanes, floods and droughts, as well as consequences of chronic changes in climate, such as rising sea levels, prolonged droughts and systemic changes to geographies and any resulting population migration. For example, physical risks could have adverse financial, operational and other impacts on Citi, both directly on its business and operations, and indirectly as a result of impacts to Citi’s clients, customers, vendors and other counterparties. These impacts can include destruction, damage or impairment of owned or leased properties and other assets, destruction or deterioration of the value of collateral, such as real estate, disruptions to business operations and supply chains, and reduced availability or increase in the cost of insurance. Physical risks can also impact Citi’s credit risk exposures, for example, in its mortgage and commercial real estate lending businesses.
Transition risks may arise from changes in regulations or market preferences toward low-carbon industries or sectors, which in turn could have negative impacts on asset values, results of operations or the reputations of Citi and its customers and clients. For example, Citi’s corporate credit exposures include oil and gas, power and other industries that may experience reduced demand for carbon-intensive products due to the transition to a low-carbon economy. Failure to adequately consider transition risk in developing and executing on its business strategy could lead to a loss of market share, lower revenues and higher credit costs. Transition risks also include potential increased operational, compliance and energy costs driven by government policies to promote decarbonization.
52
Moreover, increasing legislative and regulatory changes and uncertainties regarding climate-related risk management and disclosures may result in increased regulatory, compliance, credit, reputational and other risks and costs for Citi. In addition, Citi could face increased regulatory scrutiny and reputation and litigation risks as a result of its climate risk, sustainability and other environmental and social commitments, disclosures, marketing and positioning. For example, any actual or perceived overstatement of the environmental benefits of Citi’s actions may result in legal or regulatory actions and/or reputational harm.
Even as some regulators seek to mandate additional disclosure of climate-related information, Citi’s ability to comply with such requirements and conduct more robust climate-related risk analyses may be hampered by lack of