4.6
billion from Level 2 to Level 3. The Level 3 to Level 2 transfers were primarily the result of enhanced significance testing of unobservable inputs for certain structured debt instruments. The Level 2 to Level 3 transfers were primarily the result of certain unobservable inputs becoming more significant to the overall valuation of these instruments. The Level 3 to Level 2 transfers of $
1.0
billion related to
Equity contracts
were primarily the result of certain unobservable inputs related to equity options becoming less significant to the overall valuation of these instruments.
The following were the significant Level 3 transfers for the period December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2023:
During the 12 months ended December 31, 2023, transfers of
Long-term debt
were $
4.9
billion from Level 2 to Level 3. Of the $
4.9
billion transfer, approximately $
4.2
billion related to interest rate option volatility inputs becoming unobservable and/or significant relative to their overall valuation, and $
0.6
billion related to equity and credit derivative inputs (in addition to
other
volatility inputs, e.g., interest rate volatility inputs) becoming unobservable and/or significant to their overall valuation. In other instances, market changes have resulted in some inputs becoming more observable, and some unobservable inputs becoming less significant to the overall valuation of the instruments (e.g., when an option becomes deep-in or deep-out of the money)
.
This has primarily resulted in $
10.2
billion of certain structured long-term debt products being transferred from Level 3 to Level 2 during the 12 months ended December 31, 2023.
279
Valuation Techniques and Inputs for Level 3 Fair
Value Measurements
The Company’s Level 3 inventory consists of both cash instruments and derivatives of varying complexity.
The following tables present the valuation techniques covering the majority of Level 3 inventory and the most significant unobservable inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements. Methodologies are applied consistently.
Changes in listed inputs period versus period represent variables that become more, or less, significant, hence their addition or removal from the tables below. Differences between these tables and amounts presented in the Level 3 Fair Value Rollforward tables represent individually immaterial items that have been measured using a variety of valuation techniques other than those listed.
280
281
(1)
The tables above include the fair values for the items listed and may not represent the total population for each category.
(2)
Some inputs are shown as zero due to rounding.
(3)
When the low and high inputs are the same, there is either a constant input applied to all positions, or the methodology involving the input applies to only one large position.
(4)
Weighted averages are calculated based on the fair values of the instruments.
(5)
For equity securities, the price inputs are expressed on an absolute basis, not as a percentage of the