which may categorize exposures as special mention, substandard, doubtful or loss.
Risk ratings and classifications are reviewed regularly and adjusted as appropriate. The credit review process incorporates quantitative and qualitative factors, including financial and non-financial disclosures or metrics, idiosyncratic events or changes to the competitive, regulatory or macroeconomic environment.
Citi believes the corporate credit portfolio to be appropriately rated and classified as of December 31, 2024. Citi has applied management judgment to adjust internal ratings and classifications of exposures as both the macroeconomic environment and obligor-specific factors have changed, particularly where additional stress has been observed.
As obligor risk ratings are downgraded, the probability of default increases. Downgrades of obligor risk ratings tend to result in a higher provision for credit losses. In addition, appetite per obligor is reduced consistent with the ratings, and downgrades may result in the purchase of additional credit derivatives or other risk/structural mitigants to hedge the incremental credit risk, or may result in Citi seeking to reduce exposure to an obligor or an industry sector. Citi will continue to review exposures to ensure that the appropriate probability of default is incorporated into all risk assessments.
See Note 15 for additional information on Citi’s corporate credit portfolio.
Portfolio Mix—Industry
Citi’s corporate credit portfolio is diversified by industry. The following table details the allocation of Citi’s total corporate credit portfolio by industry:
(1)    As of the periods in the table, Citi had less than 1% exposure to securities firms. See corporate credit portfolio by industry, below.
74
The following table details Citi’s corporate credit portfolio by industry as of December 31, 2024:
(1)    Funded excludes loans carried at fair value of $7.8 billion at December 31, 2024.
(2)    Includes non-accrual loan exposures and related criticized unfunded exposures.
(3)    Represents the amount of purchased credit protection in the form of derivatives to economically hedge funded and unfunded exposures. Of the $37.8 billion of purchased credit protection, $34.8 billion represents the total notional amount of purchased credit derivatives on individual reference entities. The remaining $3 billion represents the first loss tranche of portfolios of purchased credit derivatives with a total notional amount of $22.9 billion, where the protection seller absorbs the first loss on the referenced loan portfolios.
(4)    Autos total credit exposure includes securitization financing facilities secured by auto loans and leases, extended mainly to the finance company subsidiaries of global auto manufacturers, bank subsidiaries and independent auto finance companies, of approximately $17.5 billion ($10.5 billion of which was funded exposure with 100% rated investment grade) as of December 31, 2024.
(5)    In addition to this