lending volumes.
Private Bank revenues increased 16%, primarily driven by higher deposit spreads and higher investment fee revenues, partially offset by lower deposit balances.
Citigold revenues increased 24%, driven by higher deposit spreads, higher investment fee revenues and higher lending revenues, partially offset by lower deposit balances.
Wealth at Work revenues increased 48%, driven by higher deposit spreads, higher lending revenues and higher investment fee revenues.
Expenses
were unchanged from the prior-year period, as the benefits from prior repositioning as well as lower technology expenses were offset by higher revenue-related expenses and higher severance.
Provisions
were $98 million, compared to a benefit of $170 million in the prior-year period, driven by a net ACL build related to uncertainty and deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook in the current quarter, compared to an ACL release in the prior-year period. For additional information on Citi’s ACL, see “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates” below.
For additional information on
Wealth
’s
loan portfolios, see “Managing Global Risk—Credit Risk—Consumer Credit” below.
For additional information about trends, uncertainties and risks related to
Wealth
’s future results, see “Executive Summary” above, “Forward-Looking Statements” below and “Risk Factors—Strategic Risks” in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
24
U.S. PERSONAL BANKING
U.S. Personal Banking (USPB)
includes Branded Cards and Retail Services, with proprietary credit card portfolios (Value, Rewards and Cash), co-branded card portfolios (including Costco and American Airlines) and personal installment loans within Branded Cards, and co-brand and private label relationships (including, among others, The Home Depot, Best Buy, Macy’s and Sears) within Retail Services.
USPB
also includes Retail Banking, which provides traditional banking services, including deposits, mortgages and other lending products, to retail and small business customers.
At March 31, 2025,
USPB
had 644 retail bank branches concentrated in the six key metropolitan areas of New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, Miami and Washington, D.C.
USPB
had $163 billion in outstanding credit card balances, $92 billion in deposits, $47 billion in mortgages, $4 billion in personal installment loans and $1 billion in small business and personal loans. For additional information on
USPB
’s end-of-period consumer loan portfolios and metrics, see “Managing Global Risk—Credit Risk—Consumer Credit” below.
25
(1)    See footnote 1 in “Results of Operations—Summary of Selected Financial Data” above for the description of a change in presentation.
(2)    Primarily related to credit cards and retail banking related fees.
(3)    Primarily related to revenue incentives from card networks and partners.
(4)    Effective January 1, 2025,
USPB
changed its reporting for certain installment lending products that were transferred from Retail Banking to Branded Cards