access capital markets and other sources of funds, the cost of these funds and its ability to maintain certain deposits are partially dependent on its credit ratings.
The table below presents the ratings for Citigroup and Citibank as of December 31, 2024. While not included in the table below, the long-term and short-term ratings of Citigroup Global Markets Holding Inc. (CGMHI) were A+/F1 at Fitch Ratings, A2/P-1 at Moody’s Ratings and A/A-1 at S&P Global Ratings as of December 31, 2024.
Ratings as of December 31, 2024
Potential Impacts of Ratings Downgrades
Ratings downgrades by Fitch, Moody’s or S&P could negatively impact Citigroup’s and/or Citibank’s funding and liquidity due to reduced funding capacity, including derivative triggers, which could take the form of cash obligations and collateral requirements.
The following information is provided for the purpose of analyzing the potential funding and liquidity impact to Citigroup and Citibank of a hypothetical simultaneous ratings downgrade across all three major rating agencies. This analysis is subject to certain estimates, estimation methodologies, judgments and uncertainties. Uncertainties include potential ratings limitations that certain entities may have with respect to permissible counterparties, as well as general subjective counterparty behavior. For example, certain corporate customers and markets counterparties could re-evaluate their business relationships with Citi and limit transactions in certain contracts or market instruments with Citi. Changes in counterparty behavior could impact Citi’s funding and liquidity, as well as the results of operations of certain of its businesses. The actual impact to Citigroup or Citibank is unpredictable and may differ materially from the potential funding and liquidity impacts described below. For additional information on the impact of credit rating changes on Citi and its applicable subsidiaries, see “Risk Factors—Liquidity Risks” above.
Citigroup Inc. and Citibank—Potential Derivative Triggers
As of December 31, 2024, Citi estimates that a hypothetical one-notch downgrade of the senior debt/long-term rating across all three major rating agencies could impact funding and liquidity due to derivative triggers by approximately $0.1 billion, unchanged from September 30, 2024, for Citigroup Inc., and $0.1 billion, unchanged from September 30, 2024, for Citibank. Other funding sources, such as secured financing transactions and other margin requirements, for which there are no explicit triggers, could also be adversely affected.
In total, as of December 31, 2024, Citi estimates that a one-notch downgrade of Citigroup Inc. and Citibank across all three major rating agencies could result in increased aggregate cash obligations and collateral requirements of approximately $0.2 billion, compared to $0.2 billion as of September 30, 2024. As detailed under “High-Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA)” above, Citigroup has various liquidity resources available to