segments’ goodwill balances as of December 31, 2024.
Litigation Accruals
See the discussion in Note 30 for Citi’s policies on establishing accruals for litigation and regulatory contingencies.
Income Taxes
Overview
Citi is subject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its states and local municipalities and the non-U.S. jurisdictions in which Citi operates. These tax laws are complex and are subject to differing interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. Disputes over interpretations of the tax laws may be subject to review and adjudication by the court systems of the various tax jurisdictions or may be settled with the taxing authority upon audit.
In establishing a provision for income tax expense, Citi must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. Citi must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions, both domestic and foreign. Deferred taxes are recorded for the future consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements or tax returns, based on enacted tax laws and rates. Deferred tax assets (DTAs) are recognized subject to management’s judgment that realization is more-likely-than-not. For example, if it is more-likely-than-not that a carry-forward would expire unused, Citi would set up a valuation allowance against that DTA. Citi has established valuation allowances as described below.
As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Reform), beginning in 2018, Citi is taxed on income generated by its U.S. operations at a federal tax rate of 21%. The effect on Citi’s state tax rate is dependent upon how and when the individual states that have not yet addressed the federal tax law changes choose to adopt the various new provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code.
Citi’s non-U.S. branches and subsidiaries are subject to tax at their local tax rates. Non-U.S. branches also continue to be subject to U.S. taxation. The impact of this on Citi’s earnings depends on the level of branch pretax income, the local branch tax rate, and allocations of overall domestic loss (ODL) and expenses for U.S. tax purposes to branch earnings. Citi expects no residual U.S. tax on such earnings. With respect to non-U.S. subsidiaries, dividends from these subsidiaries will be excluded from U.S. taxation. While the majority of Citi’s non-U.S. subsidiary earnings are classified as global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI), Citi expects no material residual U.S. tax on such earnings based on its non-U.S. subsidiaries’ local tax rates, which exceed, on average, the effective 13.125% GILTI tax rate. Finally, Citi does not expect the base erosion anti-abuse tax (BEAT) to affect its tax provision.
On January 4, 2022, final FTC regulations were published in the Federal Register, which eliminate the creditability of foreign taxes paid in certain situations. These include countries that do