“Risk Factors” above.
Each business is required to establish, with approval from Citi’s market risk management, a market risk limit framework for identified risk factors that clearly defines approved risk profiles and is within the parameters of Citi’s overall risk appetite. These limits are monitored by the Risk organization, including various regional, legal entity and business Risk Management committees, Citi’s country and business Asset and Liability Committees and the Citigroup Risk Management and Asset and Liability Committees. In all cases, the businesses are ultimately responsible for the market risks taken and for remaining within their defined limits.
MARKET RISK OF NON-TRADING PORTFOLIOS
Market risk from non-trading portfolios stems predominantly from the potential impact of changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates on Citi’s net interest income and on Citi’s
Accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI)
from its investment securities portfolios. Market risk from non-trading portfolios also includes the potential impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on Citi’s capital invested in foreign currencies.
Banking Book Interest Rate Risk
For interest rate risk purposes, Citi’s non-trading portfolios are referred to as the Banking Book. Management of interest rate risk in the Banking Book is governed by Citi’s Non-Trading Market Risk Policy. Citigroup’s Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO) establishes Citi’s risk appetite and related limits for interest rate risk in the Banking Book, which are subject to approval by Citigroup’s Board of Directors.
Corporate Treasury is responsible for the day-to-day management of Citi’s Banking Book interest rate risk as well as periodically reviewing it with the ALCO. Citi’s Banking Book interest rate risk management is also subject to independent oversight from the second line of defense team reporting to the Chief Risk Officer.
Changes in interest rates impact Citi’s net income,
AOCI
and CET1. These changes primarily affect Citi’s Banking Book through net interest income, due to a variety of risk factors, including:
•
Differences in timing and amounts of the maturity or repricing of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments;
•
Changes in the level and/or shape of interest rate curves;
•
Client behavior in response to changes in interest rates (e.g., mortgage prepayments, deposit betas); and
•
Changes in the maturity of instruments resulting from changes in the interest rate environment.
As part of their ongoing activities, Citi’s businesses generate interest rate-sensitive positions from their client-facing products, such as loans and deposits. Interest rate risk is transferred via Citi’s funds transfer-pricing process to Citi Corporate Treasury. Citi Corporate Treasury uses various tools to manage the total interest rate risk position within the established risk appetite and target Citi’s desired risk profile, including its investment securities portfolio, company-issued