to reflect where these products are managed. Prior periods were conformed to reflect this change.
(5)    Management uses this information in reviewing the segment’s results and believes it is useful to investors concerning underlying segment performance and trends.
(6)    Excludes loans that are carried at fair value for all periods.
(7)    Represents the number of new credit card accounts opened.
NM  Not meaningful
1Q25 vs. 1Q24
Net income
was $745 million, compared to $347 million in the prior-year period, driven by lower cost of credit and higher revenues.
Revenues
increased 2%, driven by higher net interest income (up 6%), due to loan growth in Branded Cards, as well as higher deposit spreads in Retail Banking, partially offset by lower non-interest revenue (down 168%) in Retail Services, primarily driven by higher partner payment accruals.
Branded Cards revenues increased 9%, due to interest-earning balance growth (up 8%) and card spend volume growth (up 3%), driven by higher FICO band customers. Branded Cards average loans increased 5%, reflecting the higher card spend volume and higher revolving balances.
Retail Services revenues decreased 11%, primarily driven by lower non-interest revenue due to the higher partner payment accruals, partially offset by higher net interest revenue on growth in interest-earning balances. Retail Services average loans decreased 1%, largely reflecting lower card spend volume. Card spend volume decreased 5%, primarily due to continued lower in-store foot traffic.
Retail Banking revenues increased 17%, driven by the impact of higher deposit spreads, largely offset by the deposit impact from client transfers to
Wealth
. Average deposits decreased 11%, largely reflecting the transfers of certain relationships and the associated deposits to
Wealth
($14 billion at the time of transfer over the last 12 months).
Expenses
were unchanged, as continued productivity savings were offset by higher advertising and marketing as well as legal expenses.
Provisions
were $1.8 billion, compared to $2.2 billion in the prior-year period, driven by a net ACL release on loans of $171 million, compared to a net build of $337 million in the prior-year period. The decrease in
Provisions
was partially offset by higher net credit losses in the card portfolios.
Net credit losses of $2.0 billion increased 6%, primarily reflecting the continued maturation of multiple cards loan vintages originated in recent years. The maturation was delayed by unprecedented levels of government stimulus during the pandemic. In addition, the year-over-year increase was driven by macroeconomic pressures related to the elevated inflationary and interest rate environment impacting both cards portfolios. Branded Cards net credit losses for credit cards were up 11% to $1.1 billion, and Retail Services net credit losses for credit cards were unchanged at $0.8 billion.
The net ACL release was $172 million in the current quarter, driven by lower cards balances,