value for all periods.
NM  Not meaningful
The discussion of the results of operations for Banking below excludes (where noted) the impact of any gain (loss) on hedges of accrual loans, which are non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of these metrics to the reported results, see the table above.
1Q25 vs. 1Q24
Net income
was $543 million, compared to $524 million in the prior-year period, driven by higher revenues and lower expenses, offset by an increase in cost of credit.
Revenues
increased 12% (including gain (loss) on loan hedges), reflecting higher Investment Banking revenues and the impact of a gain on loan hedges ($14 million versus a loss of $104 million in the prior-year period), partially offset by a decline in Corporate Lending revenues. Excluding the impact of gain (loss) on loan hedges,
Banking
revenues increased 5%.
Investment Banking revenues increased 12%, reflecting a 14% increase in investment banking fees, driven by growth in Advisory, partially offset by declines in ECM and DCM. Advisory fees increased 84%, due to strong previously announced deal volume coming to fruition as those transactions closed, with share gains across several sectors. ECM fees were down 26% amid a decline in the market wallet for follow-ons and convertibles, partially offset by an increase in IPO activity. DCM fees were down 3% compared to a strong prior-year period.
Corporate Lending revenues increased 13%, including the impact of gain (loss) on loan hedges. Excluding the impact of gain (loss) on loan hedges, Corporate Lending revenues decreased 1%, driven by lower average loan balances (down 8%) and higher recoveries in the prior-year period, primarily
offset by higher revenue share from
Services
,
Markets
and Investment Banking.
Expenses
decreased 12%, largely driven by lower compensation, reflecting the benefits of prior repositioning actions.
Provisions
were $214 million, compared to a benefit of $129 million in the prior-year period, driven by a net ACL build of $180 million, compared to a net release of $195 million in the prior-year period. The net ACL build in the current quarter was driven by uncertainty and deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook. For additional information on Citi’s ACL, see “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates” below.
For additional information on
Banking
’s
corporate credit portfolio, see “Managing Global Risk—Credit Risk—Corporate Credit” below.
For additional information on trends in
Banking
’s deposits and loans, see “Managing Global Risk—Credit Risk—Loans” and “Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk—Deposits” below.
For additional information about trends, uncertainties and risks related to
Banking
’s future results, see “Executive Summary” above, “Managing Global Risk—Other Risks—Country Risk—Argentina” and “—Russia” and “Forward-Looking Statements” below and “Risk Factors” in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
22
WEALTH
Wealth
includes the Private Bank, Citigold and Wealth at Work and provides