typically obtains exposure to the underlying security, referenced asset or index through a derivative instrument, such as a total-return swap or a credit-default swap. In turn, the VIE issues notes to investors that pay a return based on the specified underlying security, referenced asset or index. The VIE invests the proceeds in a financial asset or a guaranteed insurance contract that serves as collateral for the derivative contract over the term of the transaction. The Company’s involvement in these transactions includes being the counterparty to the VIE’s derivative instruments and investing in a portion of the notes issued by the VIE. In certain transactions, the investor’s maximum risk of loss is limited and the Company absorbs risk of loss above a specified level. Citi does not have the power to direct the activities of the VIEs that most significantly impact their economic performance and thus it does not consolidate them.
Citi’s maximum risk of loss in these transactions is defined as the amount invested in notes issued by the VIE and the notional amount of any risk of loss absorbed by Citi through a separate instrument issued by the VIE. The derivative instrument held by the Company may generate a receivable from the VIE (e.g., where the Company purchases credit protection from the VIE in connection with the VIE’s issuance of a credit-linked note), which is collateralized by the assets owned by the VIE. These derivative instruments are not considered variable interests and any associated receivables are not included in the calculation of maximum exposure to the VIE.
Investment Funds
The Company is the investment manager for certain investment funds and retirement funds that invest in various asset classes including private equity, hedge funds, real estate, fixed income and infrastructure. Citigroup earns a management fee, which is a percentage of capital under management, and may earn performance fees. In addition, for some of these funds the Company has an ownership interest in the investment funds. Citi has also established a number of investment funds as opportunities for qualified employees to invest in private equity investments. The Company acts as investment manager for these funds and may provide employees with financing on both recourse and non-recourse bases for a portion of the employees’ investment commitments.
253
Asset-Based Financing
The Company provides loans and other forms of financing to VIEs that hold assets. Those loans are subject to the same credit approvals as all other loans originated or purchased by the Company. Financings in the form of debt securities or derivatives are, in most circumstances, reported in
Trading account assets
and accounted for at fair value through earnings. The Company generally does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact these VIEs’ economic performance; thus, it does not consolidate them.
The primary types of Citi’s asset-based financings, total