competitive challenges for Citi.
For example, Citi competes with other financial services companies in the U.S. and globally that have grown rapidly over the last several years or have introduced new products and services. Potential mergers and acquisitions involving traditional financial services companies, such as regional banks or credit card issuers, as well as networks and merchant acquirers, may also increase competition and impact Citi’s ability to offer competitive pricing and rewards. Non-traditional financial services firms, such as private credit, financial technology and digital asset companies, are less regulated and supervised and continue to expand their offerings of services traditionally provided by financial institutions.
In addition, emerging technologies have the potential to intensify competition and accelerate disruption in the financial services industry. Clients and investors have shown increased interest in these technologies, prompting financial services firms and other market participants to develop related products and services. As blockchain and digital assets continue to evolve, customer demand for enhanced offerings may increase. Failure to strategically embrace the potential of emerging technologies may result in a competitive disadvantage to Citi. The new U.S. administration has stated its support for the growth and use of digital assets and
55
blockchain technology, including a more favorable regulatory approach to crypto assets. Citi may not be able to provide the same or similar products and services for legal or regulatory reasons, which may be exacerbated by rapidly evolving and conflicting regulatory requirements, as well as increased compliance and other risks. Further, the introduction of mobile platforms and emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence (AI) and digital assets, and changes in the payments space (e.g., instant and 24/7 payments) are accelerating, and, as a result, certain of Citi’s products and services could become less competitive.
Increased competition and emerging technologies have required and could require Citi to change or adapt its products and services, as well as invest in and develop related infrastructure, to attract and retain customers or clients or to compete more effectively with competitors, including new market entrants.
Simultaneously, as Citi develops new products and services leveraging emerging technologies, new risks may emerge that, if not designed and governed adequately, may result in control gaps and in Citi operating outside of its risk appetite. For example, the use or development of emerging technologies, such as AI or digital assets, without sufficient controls, governance and risk management may result in increased risks across various risk categories (for additional information, see the operational processes and systems risk factor below).
As another example, instant and 24/7 payments products could be accompanied by challenges to forecasting and