maintained approximately $452 billion of excess liquidity resources above the stressed average net outflow of approximately $481 billion, presented in the LCR table above.
95
Long-Term Liquidity Measurement: Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)
The NSFR measures the availability of an institution’s stable funding against the required stable funding in accordance with a calculation required by the rule. The ratio of available stable funding to required stable funding must be greater than 100%.
In general, an institution’s available stable funding includes portions of equity, deposits and long-term debt, while its required stable funding is based on the liquidity characteristics of its assets, derivatives and commitments. Standardized weightings are required to be applied to the various asset and liability classes.
For the quarter ended December 31, 2024, Citigroup’s consolidated NSFR was compliant with the 100% minimum requirement of the rule. (For additional information, see the Consolidated Citigroup NSFR Disclosure for the quarterly periods ended December 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024, on Citi’s Investor Relations website. The Consolidated Citigroup NSFR Disclosure on Citi’s Investor Relations website is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form any part of, this Form 10-K).
Select Balance Sheet Items
This section provides details of select liquidity-related assets and liabilities reported on Citigroup’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Cash and Investments
The table below details average and end-of-period
Cash and due from banks
,
Deposits with banks
(collectively cash) and
Investment securities
. Citi’s investment securities portfolio consists largely of highly liquid U.S. Treasury, U.S. agency and other sovereign bonds, with an aggregate duration of less than three years. EOP cash and investments decreased 5% quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by reductions in deposits and total long-term debt. At December 31, 2024, Citi’s EOP cash and
Investment securities
comprised approximately 32% of total assets:
Deposits
The table below details the average deposits, by segment and/or business, and the total Citigroup end-of-period deposits for each of the periods indicated:
(1)    During the third quarter of 2024, approximately $9 billion of institutional deposits were moved from
Markets
to
All Other
—Corporate/Other. Prior periods were not reclassified. For additional information about the reallocated deposits, see Note 3.
Citi’s deposit base is spread across a diversified set of countries, industries, clients and currencies and is subject to Citi’s Liquidity Risk Management Policy and Procedures.
End-of-period deposits decreased 2% year-over-year, primarily driven by declines in Legacy Franchises, reflecting the continued wind-downs, the impact of FX translation and reductions of corporate certificates of deposit in Corporate/Other. End-of-period deposits decreased 2% sequentially, primarily driven by temporary reductions at year end in