securities lending agreements by remaining contractual maturity:
The following tables present the gross amounts of liabilities associated with repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements by class of underlying collateral:
199
13.
BROKERAGE RECEIVABLES AND BROKERAGE PAYABLES
The Company has receivables and payables for financial instruments sold to and purchased from brokers, dealers and customers, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Citi is exposed to risk of loss from the inability of brokers, dealers or customers to pay for purchases or to deliver the financial instruments sold, in which case Citi would have to sell or purchase the financial instruments at prevailing market prices. Credit risk is reduced to the extent that an exchange or clearing organization acts as a counterparty to the transaction and replaces the broker, dealer or customer in question.
Citi seeks to protect itself from the risks associated with customer activities by requiring customers to maintain margin collateral in compliance with regulatory and internal guidelines. Margin levels are monitored daily, and customers deposit additional collateral as required. Where customers cannot meet collateral requirements, Citi may liquidate sufficient underlying financial instruments to bring the customer into compliance with the required margin level.
Exposure to credit risk is impacted by market volatility, which may impair the ability of clients to satisfy their obligations to Citi. Credit limits are established and closely monitored for customers and for brokers and dealers engaged in forwards, futures and other transactions deemed to be credit sensitive.
Brokerage receivables
and
Brokerage payables
consisted of the following:
(1)     Includes brokerage receivables and payables recorded by Citi broker-dealer entities that are accounted for in accordance with the AICPA Accounting Guide for Brokers and Dealers in Securities as codified in ASC 940-320.
200
14.
INVESTMENTS
The following table presents Citi’s investments by category:
(1)
Carried at adjusted amortized cost basis, net of any ACL.
(2)
Unrealized gains and losses are recognized in earnings.
(3)
Includes $
23
million and $
25
million of investments in funds for which the fair values are estimated using the net asset value of the Company’s ownership interest in the funds at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
(4)
Impairment losses and adjustments to the carrying value as a result of observable price changes are recognized in earnings. See “Non-Marketable Equity Securities Not Carried at Fair Value” below.
(5)
Represents shares issued by the Federal Reserve Bank, Federal Home Loan Banks and certain exchanges of which Citigroup is a member.
(6)
Not included in the balances above is approximately $
2
billion of accrued interest receivable at December 31, 2024 and 2023, which is included in
Other assets
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company does not recognize an allowance for credit losses