accounted for as a sale by the Company, and for which the Company has retained substantially all of the economic exposure to the transferred asset through a total return swap executed with the same counterparty in contemplation of the initial sale (and still outstanding), the asset amounts derecognized and the gross cash proceeds received as of the date of derecognition were $
6.0
billion and $
6.2
billion as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
At March 31, 2025, the fair value of these previously derecognized assets was $
5.5
billion. The fair value of the total return swaps as of March 31, 2025 was $
106.1
million recorded as gross derivative assets and $
182.3
million recorded as gross derivative liabilities. At December 31, 2024, the fair value of these previously derecognized assets was $
5.8
billion, and the fair value of the total return swaps was $
179
million recorded as gross derivative assets and $
29
million recorded as gross derivative liabilities.
The balances for the total return swaps are on a gross basis, before the application of counterparty and cash collateral netting, and are included primarily as equity derivatives in the tabular disclosures in this Note.
173
This page intentionally left blank.
174
23.
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
For additional information regarding fair value measurement at Citi, see Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
Fair Value Hierarchy Principles
ASC 820-10 specifies a hierarchy of inputs based on whether the inputs are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs are developed using market data and reflect market participant assumptions, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s market assumptions. These two types of inputs have created the following fair value hierarchy:
•
Level 1: Quoted prices for
identical
instruments in active markets.
•
Level 2: Quoted prices for
similar
instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and value drivers are
observable
in the market.
•
Level 3: Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are
unobservable
.
As required under the fair value hierarchy, the Company considers relevant and observable market inputs in its valuations where possible.
The fair value hierarchy classification approach typically utilizes rules-based and data-driven criteria to determine whether an instrument is classified as Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3:
•
The determination of whether an instrument is quoted in an active market and therefore considered a Level 1 instrument is based on the frequency of observed transactions and the quality of independent market data available on the measurement date.
•
A Level 2 classification is assigned where there is observability of prices/market inputs to models, or where any unobservable inputs are not