Committee (or its predecessor), which is composed entirely of independent non-employee directors.
On December 31, 2024, approximately
42.3
million shares of Citigroup common stock were authorized and available for grant under Citigroup’s 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, the only plan from which equity awards are currently granted.
The 2019 Stock Incentive Plan and predecessor plans permit the use of treasury stock or newly issued shares in connection with awards granted under the plans. Except where local laws favor newly issued shares, treasury shares were used to settle stock vestings. The use of treasury stock or newly issued shares to settle stock awards does not affect the compensation expense recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Income for equity awards.
178
Incentive Compensation Cost
The following table presents components of compensation expense, relating to the incentive compensation programs described above:
(1)    Represents expense for immediately vested stock awards that generally were stock payments in lieu of cash compensation. The expense is generally accrued as cash incentive compensation in the year prior to grant.
(2)    All periods include amortization expense for all unvested awards to non-retirement-eligible employees.
Citigroup did not capitalize any stock-based compensation costs in 2024, 2023 or 2022. The related income tax benefits for stock-based compensation costs were $
428
million, $
392
million and $
350
million for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
179
8.
RETIREMENT BENEFITS
Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans
The Company has several non-contributory defined benefit pension plans covering certain U.S. employees and has various defined benefit pension and termination indemnity plans covering employees outside the U.S.
The U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan was frozen effective January 1, 2008 for most employees. Accordingly, no additional compensation-based contributions have been credited to the cash balance portion of the plan for existing plan participants after 2007. However, certain employees covered under the prior final pay plan formula continue to accrue benefits. The Company also offers postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to certain eligible U.S. retired employees, as well as to certain eligible employees outside the U.S.
The Company also sponsors a number of non-contributory, nonqualified pension plans. These plans, which are unfunded, provide supplemental defined pension benefits to certain U.S. employees. With the exception of certain
employees covered under the prior final pay plan formula, the benefits under these plans were frozen in prior years.
The plan obligations, plan assets and periodic plan expense for the Company’s most significant pension and postretirement benefit plans (Significant Plans) are measured and disclosed quarterly, instead of annually. The Significant Plans captured approximately
90
% of the Company’s global pension and postretirement benefit