million and $
88.7
million, respectively, and $
1.3
million and $
154.8
million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022.
248
(1)    Disclosure of non-agency-sponsored mortgages as senior and subordinated interests is indicative of the interests’ position in the capital structure of the securitization.
(2)    Retained interests consist of Level 2 and Level 3 assets depending on the observability of significant inputs. See Note 26 for more information about fair value measurements.
Key assumptions used in measuring the fair value of retained interests at the date of sale or securitization of mortgage receivables were as follows:
(1)    Disclosure of non-agency-sponsored mortgages as senior and subordinated interests is indicative of the interests’ position in the capital structure of the securitization.
(2)    Anticipated net credit losses represent estimated loss severity associated with defaulted mortgage loans underlying the mortgage securitizations disclosed above. Anticipated net credit losses, in this instance, do not represent total credit losses incurred to date, nor do they represent credit losses expected on retained interests in mortgage securitizations.
NM  Anticipated net credit losses are not meaningful due to U.S. agency guarantees.
The interests retained by the Company range from highly rated and/or senior in the capital structure to unrated and/or residual interests.
Key assumptions used in measuring the fair value of retained interests in securitizations of mortgage receivables at period end were as follows:
(1)    Disclosure of non-agency-sponsored mortgages as senior and subordinated interests is indicative of the interests’ position in the capital structure of the securitization.
249
(2)    Anticipated net credit losses represent estimated loss severity associated with defaulted mortgage loans underlying the mortgage securitizations disclosed above. Anticipated net credit losses, in this instance, do not represent total credit losses incurred to date, nor do they represent credit losses expected on retained interests in mortgage securitizations.
NM    Anticipated net credit losses are not meaningful due to U.S. agency guarantees.
The sensitivity of the fair value to adverse changes of 10% and 20% in each of the key assumptions is presented in the tables below. The negative effect of each change is calculated independently, holding all other assumptions constant. Because the key assumptions may not be independent, the net effect of simultaneous adverse changes in the key assumptions may be less than the sum of the individual effects presented below.
NM    Anticipated net credit losses are not meaningful due to U.S. agency guarantees.
The following table includes information about loan delinquencies and liquidation losses for assets held in non-consolidated, non-agency-sponsored securitization entities at December 31:
(1)     Securitized assets include $
91
million of personal loan securitizations as of December 31,