as Level 3.
Determination of Fair Value and Hierarchy Levels
For assets and liabilities carried at fair value, the Company measures fair value using the procedures set out below, irrespective of whether the assets and liabilities are measured at fair value as a result of an election, a non-recurring lower-of-cost-or-market (LOCOM) adjustment, or because they are required to be measured at fair value.
When available, the Company uses quoted market prices from active markets to determine fair value and classifies such items as Level 1. In some specific cases where a market price is available, the Company will apply practical expedients (such as matrix pricing) to calculate fair value, in which case the items may be classified as Level 2.
The Company may also apply a price-based methodology that utilizes, where available, quoted prices or other market information obtained from recent trading activity in positions with the same or similar characteristics to the position being valued. If relevant and observable prices are available, those valuations may be classified as Level 2. However, when there are one or more significant unobservable “price” inputs, those valuations will be classified as Level 3. Furthermore, when a quoted price is considered stale, a significant adjustment to the price of a similar security is necessary to reflect differences in the terms of the actual security being valued, or alternatively, when prices from independent sources are insufficient to corroborate a valuation, the “price” inputs are considered unobservable and the fair value measurements are classified as Level 3.
If quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon internally developed valuation techniques that use, where possible, current market-based parameters, such as interest rates, currency rates and option volatilities. Items valued using such internally generated valuation techniques are classified according to the lowest level input or value driver that is significant to the valuation. Thus, an item may be classified as Level 3 even though there may be some significant inputs that are readily observable.
Where internal valuation techniques are used to determine fair value estimates, independent vendor or broker data is utilized when possible. Vendor and broker valuations may be based on a variety of inputs ranging from observed prices to proprietary valuation models, and the Company assesses the quality and relevance of this information in determining the estimate of fair value. The following section describes the valuation methodologies used by the Company to measure various financial instruments at fair value. Where appropriate, the description includes details of the valuation models, the key inputs to those models and any significant assumptions.
Market Valuation Adjustments
Generally, the unit of account for a financial instrument is the individual financial instrument. The Company applies market valuation adjustments that are