with Citi’s strategy, Mission and Value Proposition, Leadership Principles and risk appetite.
Front line units are responsible and held accountable for managing the risks associated with their activities within the boundaries set by independent risk management. They are also responsible for designing and implementing effective internal controls and maintaining processes for managing their risk profile, including through risk mitigation, so that it remains consistent with Citi’s established risk appetite.
Front line unit activities are considered part of the first line of defense and are subject to the oversight and challenge of independent risk management.
The first line of defense is composed of Citi’s operating segments (i.e.,
Services
,
Markets
,
Banking
,
Wealth
,
U.S. Personal Banking
), as well as International, North America and
All Other
(including certain corporate functions (i.e., Chief Operating Office, Enterprise Services and Public
Affairs, Finance, Technology and Business Enablement). In addition, the first line of defense includes the front line unit activities of other organizational units. Front line units may also include lower-level enterprise support functions and/or conduct enterprise support activities—see “Enterprise Support Functions” below.
Second Line of Defense: Independent Risk Management
Independent risk management units are independent of the first line of defense. They are responsible for overseeing the risk-taking activities of the first line of defense and challenging the first line of defense in the execution of its risk management responsibilities. They are also responsible for independently identifying, measuring, monitoring, controlling and reporting aggregate risks and for setting standards for the management and oversight of risk. Independent risk management is composed of Independent Risk Management (IRM) and Independent Compliance Risk Management (ICRM), which are led by the Group Chief Risk Officer (CRO) and Group Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) who have unrestricted access to the Board and its Risk Management Committee to facilitate the ability to execute their specific responsibilities pertaining to escalation to the Board.
Independent Risk Management
The IRM organization sets risk and control standards for the first line of defense and actively manages and oversees aggregate credit, market (trading and non-trading), liquidity, strategic, operational and reputation risks across Citi, including risks that span categories, such as concentration risk, country risk and climate risk.
IRM is organized to align to businesses, risk categories, legal entities/clusters and Company-wide, cross-risk functions or processes. Each of these units reports to a member of the Risk Management Executive Council, who all report to the Citigroup CRO.
Independent Compliance Risk Management
The ICRM organization actively oversees compliance risk across Citi, sets compliance standards for the first line of defense to manage