functions to drive a strong and embedded operational risk management culture and framework across Citi. The Operational Risk Management group actively challenges business and functions implementation of the
116
Operational Risk Management Framework requirements and the quality of operational risk management practices and outcomes.
Information about businesses’ key operational risks, historical operational risk losses and the control environment is reported by each major business segment and functional area. Citi’s operational risk profile and related information is summarized and reported to senior management, as well as to the Audit and Risk Committees of Citigroup’s Board of Directors by the Head of Operational Risk Management.
Operational risk is measured through Operational Risk Capital and Operational Risk Regulatory Capital for the Advanced Approaches under Basel III. Projected operational risk losses under stress scenarios are estimated as a required part of the FRB’s CCAR process.
For additional information on Citi’s operational risks, see “Risk Factors—Operational Risks” above.
Cybersecurity Risk
Overview
Cybersecurity risk is the business risk associated with the threat posed by a cyberattack, cyber breach or the failure to protect Citi’s most vital business information assets or operations, resulting in a financial or reputational loss (see the operational processes and systems and cybersecurity risk factors in “Risk Factors—Operational Risks” above). With an evolving threat landscape, ever-increasing sophistication of threat actor tactics, techniques and procedures, ongoing and emerging geopolitical conflicts, and the use of new technologies, including those enabled by artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities, to conduct financial transactions, Citi and its clients, customers and third parties (and fourth parties, etc.) continue to be at risk from cyberattacks and information security incidents. Citi leverages a threat-focused, defense-in-depth strategy that ensures that multiple controls work in tandem against various threats to increase the likelihood that malicious activity will be prevented, detected and mitigated.
Citi has a mature cybersecurity threat identification and management program that relies on an industry-aligned, risk-based, defense-in-depth approach, including an internal cybersecurity intelligence center, participation in industry and government information-sharing programs, vulnerability assessment and scanning tools, intrusion detection and prevention systems, security incident and event management systems, firewalls, penetration testing, adversary emulation exercises, data management (including classification, encryption at rest and in transit, and access management), multi-factor authentication requirements and other logical, physical and technical controls designed to prevent, deter, mitigate and respond to cybersecurity threats.
Citi’s cyber and information security program is supported by