1,317 retail branches, $42 billion in deposits, $16 billion in retail banking loans and $8 billion in outstanding credit card balances, while Mexico SBMM had $6 billion in outstanding corporate loans. For additional information on the loans and deposits of Mexico Consumer/SBMM and Asia Consumer, see “Mexico Consumer/SBMM—” and “Asia Consumer—key indicators” in the table below.
Corporate/Other
Corporate/Other
includes certain unallocated costs of global staff functions (including finance, risk, human resources, legal and compliance-related costs), other corporate expenses and unallocated global operations and technology expenses and income taxes, as well as results of Corporate Treasury investment activities and discontinued operations.
30
Note: Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior periods’ financial statements to conform to the current period’s presentation effective as of the second quarter of 2024, for all periods presented. During the second quarter of 2024, Citi made certain reclassifications to align with its organizational simplification and strategy. In connection therewith, Citi transferred the retail banking business in the U.K., which is being wound down, from
Wealth
to Legacy Franchises (managed basis) within
All Other
(managed basis).
(1)    The key indicators for Asia Consumer also reflect the reclassification of loans and deposits to
Other assets
and
Other liabilities
under HFS accounting on Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.
NM  Not meaningful
31
2024 vs. 2023
Net loss
was $2.4 billion, compared to a net loss of $2.1 billion in the prior year, driven by lower revenues and lower income tax benefits due to the absence of discrete tax benefits recognized in the prior year, partially offset by lower expenses and lower cost of credit.
All Other
(managed basis) revenues of $7.5 billion decreased 20%, driven by lower revenues in Corporate/Other and Legacy Franchises (managed basis).
Legacy Franchises (managed basis) revenues of $6.9 billion decreased 6%, due to lower revenues in Asia Consumer (managed basis) and Legacy Holdings Assets, partially offset by higher revenues in Mexico Consumer/SBMM (managed basis).
Mexico Consumer/SBMM (managed basis) revenues of $6.2 billion increased 8%, primarily due to higher loan balances in retail banking, cards and SBMM, and higher deposits in SBMM.
Asia Consumer (managed basis) revenues of $819 million decreased 46%, primarily driven by the reduction from the closed exits and wind-downs.
Legacy Holdings Assets revenues decreased to $(118) million, compared to $110 million in the prior year, primarily due to higher funding costs related to the transfer of the retail banking business in the U.K.
Corporate/Other revenues decreased to $668 million, compared to $2.1 billion in the prior year, largely driven by the net investment securities losses due to the repositioning of the investment securities portfolio and higher funding costs.
Expenses
decreased 19%, primarily driven by lower FDIC