and institutional banking businesses, including actively pursuing portfolio sales. In connection with this wind-down, Citi has incurred approximately $82 million to date in charges, largely from restructuring, vendor termination fees and other related charges. Citi expects to incur an additional approximate $21 million in estimated charges (in
All Other
,
excluding the impact from any portfolio sales). For additional information about Citi’s continued efforts to reduce its operations and exposure in Russia, see “Risk Factors” and “Managing Global Risk—Other Risks—Country Risk—Russia” in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
Deconsolidation Risk
Citi’s remaining operations in Russia subject it to various risks, including, among others, foreign currency volatility, including appreciation or devaluation; restrictions arising from retaliatory Russian laws and regulations on the conduct of its business; sanctions or asset freezes; or other deconsolidation events (see “Risk Factors—Other Risks” in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K).
As of March 31, 2025, Citi continued to consolidate AO Citibank because none of the deconsolidation factors were triggered. Examples of factors that may result in deconsolidation of AO Citibank include voluntary or forced sale of ownership or loss of control due to actions of relevant governmental authorities, including expropriation (i.e., the entity becomes subject to the complete control of a government, court, administrator, trustee or regulator); revocation of banking license; and loss of ability to elect a board of directors or appoint members of senior management.
In the event Citi deems there is a loss of control, for example, through expropriation of AO Citibank, Citi would be required to (i) write off the net investment of less than $0.1 billion (unchanged from December 31, 2024), (ii) recognize a CTA loss of approximately $1.6 billion (unchanged from December 31, 2024) through earnings and (iii) recognize a loss of $1.1 billion (an increase of $0.2 billion from December 31, 2024) on intercompany liabilities owed by AO Citibank to other Citi entities outside Russia. In the sole event of a substantial liquidation, as opposed to a loss of control, Citi would be required to recognize the CTA loss of approximately $1.6 billion through earnings and would evaluate its remaining net investment as circumstances evolve. The $1.6 billion CTA write-off through earnings under either event is expected to be largely equity neutral, since the reversal of the CTA loss out of
AOCI
would improve Citi’s total
AOCI
.
For additional information, see “Managing Global Risk—Other Risks—Country Risk—Russia—Citi as Paying Agent for Russia-related Clients,” “—Reputational Risks” and “—Board of Directors’ Role in Overseeing Related Risks” in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
Ukraine
Citi has continued to operate in Ukraine throughout the war through its
Services
,
Markets
and
Banking
businesses, serving the local subsidiaries of multinationals, along with local financial