both current and expected regulatory capital requirements, including capital for specifically identified goodwill and intangible assets. The capital allocated to the reporting units is incorporated into the annual budget process, which is approved by Citigroup’s Board of Directors.
131
Goodwill impairment testing involves management judgment, requiring an assessment of whether the carrying value of a reporting unit can be supported by its fair value using widely accepted valuation techniques, such as the market approach (earnings multiples and/or transaction multiples) and/or the income approach (discounted cash flow (DCF) method). In applying these methodologies, Citi utilizes a number of factors, including actual operating results, future business plans, economic projections and market data.
Citi engaged an independent valuation specialist to assist in Citi’s valuation of all the reporting units, primarily employing both the income and market approach to determine the fair value of the reporting units. The income approach utilized discount rates that Citi believes adequately reflected the risk and uncertainty in the financial markets in the internally generated cash flow projections. The market approach utilizes observable market data from comparable publicly traded companies, such as price-to-earnings or price-to-tangible book value ratios, to estimate a reporting unit’s fair value. Management uses judgment in the selection of comparable companies and includes those with the most similar business activities.
The income approach employs a capital asset pricing model in estimating the discount rate. Since none of the Company’s reporting units are publicly traded, individual reporting unit fair value determinations cannot be directly correlated to Citigroup’s common stock price. The sum of the fair values of the reporting units exceeded the overall market capitalization of Citi as of October 1, 2024. However, Citi believes that it is not meaningful to reconcile the sum of the fair values of the Company’s reporting units to its market capitalization due to several factors. The market capitalization of Citigroup reflects the execution risk in a transaction involving Citigroup due to its size. However, the individual reporting units’ fair values are not subject to the same level of execution risk or a business model that is as global. In addition, the market capitalization of Citigroup does not include consideration of the individual reporting unit’s control premium.
Unanticipated declines in business performance, increases in credit losses, increases in capital requirements and adverse regulatory or legislative changes, as well as deterioration in economic or market conditions, are factors that could result in a material impairment loss to earnings in a future period related to some portion of the associated goodwill. See Notes 1 and 17 for additional information on goodwill, including the changes in the goodwill balance year-over-year and the