primarily reflecting the continued maturation of multiple cards loan vintages originated in recent years. The maturation was delayed by unprecedented levels of government stimulus during the pandemic. In addition, the increase was driven by macroeconomic pressures related to the elevated inflationary and interest rate environment, with lower FICO band customers primarily driving the increase.
The 90+ days past due delinquency rate increased quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by seasonality, and increased year-over-year, primarily reflecting the continued maturation of multiple cards loan vintages originated in recent years. The maturation was delayed by unprecedented levels of government stimulus during the pandemic. In addition, the increase was driven by macroeconomic pressures related to the elevated inflationary and interest rate environment, with lower FICO band customers primarily driving the increase.
80
USPB
’s Retail Services partners directly with more than
20 retailers and dealers to offer private label and co-branded
cards. Retail Services’ target market focuses on select industry
segments such as home improvement, specialty retail,
consumer electronics and fuel. Retail Services continually
evaluates opportunities to add partners within target industries
that have strong loyalty, lending or payment programs and
growth potential.
As presented in the chart above, the fourth quarter of 2024
net credit loss rate in Retail Services increased quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by seasonality, and increased year-over-year, primarily reflecting the continued maturation of multiple cards loan vintages originated in recent years. The maturation was delayed by unprecedented levels of government stimulus during the pandemic. In addition, the increase was driven by macroeconomic pressures related to the elevated inflationary and interest rate environment, with lower FICO band customers primarily driving the increase.
The 90+ days past due delinquency rate was broadly stable quarter-over-quarter and increased year-over-year, primarily reflecting the continued maturation of multiple cards loan vintages originated in recent years. The maturation was delayed by unprecedented levels of government stimulus during the pandemic. In addition, the increase was driven by macroeconomic pressures related to the elevated inflationary and interest rate environment, with lower FICO band customers primarily driving the increase.
For additional information on cost of credit, loan delinquency and other information for Citi’s cards portfolios, see each respective business’s results of operations above and Note 15.
USPB
’s Retail Banking portfolio consists primarily of
consumer mortgages (including home equity) and unsecured
lending products, such as small business loans and personal
loans. The portfolio is generally delinquency managed, where
Citi evaluates credit risk based on FICO scores, delinquencies
and the value of underlying collateral. The consumer