which the associated value of the award will fluctuate with the attainment of the performance conditions for each tranche and changes to Citigroup’s stock price for the third tranche. Payment for each period will be in cash, in a lump sum, with the third payment indexed to changes in the value of Citi’s common stock from the service inception date through the payment date. Earnings generally will be based on collective performance with respect to Citi’s transformation goals and will be evaluated and approved by the CPC Committee on an annual basis.
Payments in the event of any category of employment termination or change in job title or employment status are subject to Citi’s discretion. Cancellation and clawback are provided for in the event of misconduct and certain other
circumstances. The program applies to senior leaders, other than the CEO, critical to helping deliver a successful transformation with the value of the awards varying based on individual compensation levels.
Other Variable Incentive Compensation
Citigroup has various incentive plans globally that are used to motivate and reward performance primarily in the areas of sales, operational excellence and customer satisfaction. Participation in these plans is generally limited to employees who are not eligible for discretionary annual incentive awards. Other forms of variable compensation include commissions paid to financial advisors and mortgage loan officers.
Additional Information
Except for awards subject to variable accounting, the total expense recognized for stock awards represents the grant date fair value of such awards, which is generally recognized as a charge to income ratably over the vesting period, other than for awards to retirement-eligible employees and immediately vested awards. Whenever awards are granted or are expected to be granted to employees who are, or are expected to be while the awards are outstanding, retirement eligible, the charge to income is accelerated based on when the applicable conditions for retirement eligibility were or will be met. If the employee is retirement eligible on the grant date, or the award is vested at the grant date, Citi recognizes the expense each year equal to the grant date fair value of the awards that it estimates will be granted in the following year.
Recipients of Citigroup stock awards generally do not have any stockholder rights until shares are delivered upon vesting. Recipients of stock-settled awards and other vested stock awards subject to a sale-restriction period are generally entitled to vote the shares in their award and receive dividends on such shares during the sale-restriction period. Once a stock award vests, the shares delivered to the participant are freely transferable, unless they are subject to a restriction on sale or transfer for a specified period.
All equity awards granted since April 19, 2005 have been made pursuant to stockholder-approved stock incentive plans that are administered by the CPC