additional information, see “Risk Factors—Liquidity Risks” above.
Citi’s funding and liquidity management objectives are aimed at (i) funding its existing asset base, (ii) growing its core businesses, (iii) maintaining sufficient liquidity, structured appropriately, so that Citi can operate under a variety of adverse circumstances, including potential Company-specific and/or market liquidity events in varying durations and severity, and (iv) satisfying regulatory requirements, including, but not limited to, those related to resolution planning (see “Resolution Plan” and “Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)” below). Citigroup’s primary liquidity objectives are established by entity, and in aggregate, across two major categories:
•
Citibank (including Citibank Europe plc, Citibank Singapore Ltd. and Citibank (Hong Kong) Ltd.); and
•
Citi’s non-bank and other entities, including the parent holding company (Citigroup Inc.), Citi’s primary intermediate holding company (Citicorp LLC), Citi’s broker-dealer subsidiaries (including Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited and Citigroup Global Markets Japan Inc.) and other bank and non-bank subsidiaries that are consolidated into Citigroup (including Banamex).
At an aggregate Citigroup level, Citi’s goal is to maintain sufficient funding in amount and tenor to fully fund customer assets and to provide an appropriate amount of cash and high-quality liquid assets (as discussed below), even in times of stress, in order to meet its payment obligations as they come due. The liquidity risk management framework provides that, in addition to the aggregate requirements, certain entities be self-sufficient or net providers of liquidity, including in conditions established under their designated stress tests.
Citi’s primary funding sources include (i) corporate and consumer deposits via Citi’s bank subsidiaries, including Citibank, N.A. (Citibank), (ii) long-term debt (primarily senior and subordinated debt) mainly issued by Citigroup Inc., as the parent, and Citibank, and (iii) stockholders’ equity. These sources may be supplemented by short-term borrowings, primarily in the form of secured funding transactions.
Citi’s funding and liquidity framework, working in concert with overall asset/liability management, helps ensure that there is sufficient liquidity and tenor in the overall liability structure (including funding products) of the Company relative to the liquidity requirements of Citi’s assets. This reduces the risk that liabilities will become due before assets mature or are
monetized. The Company holds excess liquidity, primarily in the form of high-quality liquid assets (HQLA), as presented in the table below.
Citi’s liquidity is managed centrally by Corporate Treasury, reported within Corporate/Other in
All Other
,
in conjunction with regional and in-country treasurers with oversight provided by Independent Risk Management and various Asset and Liability Committees (ALCOs) at the