plan obligations as of December 31, 2024. All other plans (All Other Plans) are measured annually with a December 31 measurement date.
Net Expense (Benefit)
The following table summarizes the components of net expense (benefit) recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income for the Company’s pension and postretirement benefit plans for Significant Plans and All Other Plans. Service cost is reported in
Compensation and benefits
expenses and all other components of the net annual benefit cost are reported in
Other operating
expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Income:
(1)
Curtailment and settlement relate to divestiture activities. Total 2024 net expense for non-U.S. plans includes $
7
million of settlement losses related to the termination of Citibank Canada Pension Plan. Total 2023 net expense for non-U.S. plans includes curtailment gains and settlement loss related to divestiture of Citi’s consumer businesses in India, Indonesia and Taiwan. Total 2022 net expense for non-U.S. plans includes a $
36
million net benefit related to the wind-down of Citi’s consumer banking business in Korea.
Contributions
The Company’s funding practice for U.S. and non-U.S. pension and postretirement benefit plans is generally to fund to minimum funding requirements in accordance with applicable local laws and regulations. The Company may increase its contributions above the minimum required contribution, if appropriate. In addition, management has the ability to change its funding practices. For the U.S. pension
plans, there were no required minimum cash contributions for 2024 or 2023.
The following table summarizes the Company’s actual contributions for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, as well as expected Company contributions for 2025. Expected contributions are subject to change, since contribution decisions are affected by various factors, such as market performance, tax considerations and regulatory requirements.
(1)    Amounts reported for 2025 are expected amounts.
(2)     The U.S. plans include benefits paid directly by the Company for the nonqualified pension plans.
(3)    The Company made a discretionary contribution of approximately $
600
million to a pension plan in Mexico during the fourth quarter of 2024.
180
Funded Status and
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI)
The following table summarizes the funded status and amounts recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet for the Company’s pension and postretirement benefit plans:
(1)
The framework for the Company’s pension oversight process includes monitoring of potential settlement charges for all plans. Settlement accounting is triggered when either the sum of all settlements (including lump sum payments) for the year is greater than service plus interest costs or if more than
10
% of the plan’s projected benefit obligation will be settled. Because some of Citi’s Significant Plans are frozen and have no material service cost, settlement accounting may apply in the future.