The U.S. administration has also announced plans for reciprocal tariffs on all U.S. trading partners. While the resulting impacts are difficult to predict at this time, these and other tariffs, whether imposed by the U.S. or by any other country, may result in disruption of supply chains, increased inflationary pressures and higher interest rates.
These and other risks could negatively impact economic growth rates and unemployment levels in the U.S. and other countries and result in volatility and disruptions in financial markets. Such risks could also adversely affect Citi’s customers, clients, businesses, funding costs, cost of credit and overall results of operations and financial condition during 2025. For a further discussion of trends, uncertainties and risks that will or could impact Citi’s businesses, results of operations, capital and other financial condition during 2025, see “Executive Summary” above and “Risk Factors,” each respective business’s results of operations and “Managing Global Risk,” including “Managing Global Risk—Other Risks—Country Risk—Russia” and “—Argentina,” below.
10
CITI’S MULTIYEAR TRANSFORMATION
Overview
As previously disclosed, Citi’s transformation, including the remediation of its consent orders with the FRB and OCC, is a multiyear endeavor that is not linear. Citi is modernizing and simplifying the Company in order to lead in a dynamic, competitive and digital world. Citi’s transformation is addressing decades of underinvestment in its infrastructure, going beyond remedying regulatory concerns to intentionally transform how the organization operates, and making investments that not only support current needs, but also benefit the Company over the long term.
Transformation efforts of this scale involve significant complexities and uncertainties, including ongoing regulatory challenges and risks. As discussed in the “Executive Summary” above, on July 10, 2024, the FRB entered into a Civil Money Penalty Consent Order with Citigroup, and the OCC entered into a Civil Money Penalty Consent Order with Citibank (collectively, the 2024 Consent Orders). In addition, the OCC and Citibank entered into an Amendment (the Amendment) to the October 7, 2020 Consent Order. For additional information about the 2024 Consent Orders and the Amendment, see Citi’s July 10, 2024 Form 8-K and “Transformation Focus Areas and Status” and “FRB and OCC Consent Orders Compliance” below.
Citi may continue to experience significant challenges in progressing the transformation and satisfying the regulators’ expectations in both sufficiency and timing, particularly with regard to data quality management related to governance and regulatory reporting. The regulators may also identify additional risk and control issues that could result in further regulatory actions. For additional information about these regulatory risks, see “Risk Factors—Compliance Risks” below.
Notwithstanding the 2024 Consent Orders and the Amendment, Citi’s transformation