estimates that a hypothetical one-notch downgrade of the senior debt/long-term rating across all three major rating agencies could impact funding and liquidity due to derivative triggers by approximately $0.1 billion, unchanged from December 31, 2024, for Citigroup Inc., and $0.1 billion, unchanged from December 31, 2024, for Citibank. Other funding sources, such as secured financing transactions and other margin requirements, for which there are no explicit triggers, could also be adversely affected.
In total, as of March 31, 2025, Citi estimates that a one-notch downgrade of Citigroup Inc. and Citibank across all three major rating agencies could result in increased aggregate cash obligations and collateral requirements of approximately $0.2 billion, unchanged from December 31, 2024. As detailed under “High-Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA)” above, Citigroup has various liquidity resources available to its bank and non-bank entities in part as a contingency for the potential events described above.
Citibank—Additional Potential Impacts
In addition to the above derivative triggers, Citi believes that a potential downgrade of Citibank’s senior debt/long-term rating across any of the three major rating agencies could also have an adverse impact on the commercial paper/short-term rating of Citibank. Citibank has provided liquidity commitments to consolidated asset-backed commercial paper conduits (ABCP), primarily in the form of asset purchase agreements. As of March 31, 2025, Citibank had liquidity commitments of approximately $13.6 billion to consolidated asset-backed commercial paper conduits (compared to $14.9 billion at December 31, 2024) (see Note 21).
In addition to the above-referenced liquidity resources of certain Citibank entities, Citibank could reduce the funding and liquidity risk, if any, of the potential downgrades described above through mitigating actions, including repricing or reducing certain commitments to commercial paper conduits. In the event of the potential downgrades described above, Citi believes that certain corporate customers could re-evaluate borrowing behavior through the conduits. A reduction in client borrowing would result in a reduced amount of ABCP issuance.
69
MARKET RISK
Market risk arises from both Citi’s trading and non-trading portfolios. For additional information on market risk and market risk management at Citi, see “Market Risk—Overview” and “Risk Factors” in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
MARKET RISK OF NON-TRADING PORTFOLIOS
Market risk from non-trading portfolios stems predominantly from the potential impact of changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates on Citi’s net interest income and on Citi’s
Accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI)
from its investment securities portfolios. Market risk from non-trading portfolios also includes the potential impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on Citi’s capital invested in foreign currencies.
For interest rate risk purposes, Citi’s non-trading