but are not limited to (i) potential changes to various aspects of the U.S. regulatory capital framework and requirements applicable to Citi, including, among others, significant revisions to the U.S. Basel III rules (see the capital return risk factor and “Capital Resources—Regulatory Capital Standards and Developments” above) and (ii) potential fiscal, monetary, tax, sanctions, human capital and other changes promulgated by the U.S. federal government and other governments (see the macroeconomic and geopolitical risk factor above and the ability to utilize DTAs risk factor below). References to “regulatory” refer to both formal regulation and the views and expectations of Citi’s regulators in their supervisory and enforcement roles, which, as they change over time, can have a major impact. In particular, U.S. regulators have indicated that the level of their expectations is increasing and prompt negative examination findings/ratings and enforcements actions are more likely.
Additionally, U.S. and international regulatory and legislative initiatives have not always been undertaken or implemented on a coordinated basis, and areas of divergence have developed and continue to develop with respect to their scope, interpretation, timing, structure or approach, leading to inconsistent or even conflicting requirements, including within a single jurisdiction.
Further, ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes make Citi’s long-term business, balance sheet and strategic budget planning difficult, subject to change and
51
potentially more costly and may impact its results of operations. U.S. and other regulators globally have implemented and continue to discuss various changes to certain regulatory requirements, which would require ongoing assessment by management as to the impact to Citi, its businesses and business planning. Business planning must necessarily be based on possible or proposed rules or outcomes, which can change significantly upon finalization, or upon implementation or interpretive guidance from numerous regulatory bodies worldwide, and such guidance can change. Regulatory and legislative changes have also significantly increased Citi’s compliance risks and costs (see the implementation and interpretation of regulatory changes risk factor below) and can adversely affect Citi’s competitive position, as well as its businesses, revenues, results of operations and financial condition.
Citi’s Ability to Achieve Its Objectives from Its Transformation, Simplification and Other Priorities May Not Be as Successful as It Projects or Expects.
As part of its multiyear transformation, Citi continues to make significant investments and undertake substantial actions across the Company to improve its risk and controls environment, modernize its data and technology infrastructure and further enhance safety and soundness (see “Executive Summary” and “Citi’s Multiyear Transformation” above and the legal and regulatory proceedings risk