finance high-carbon industries and operational risk from physical risks to Citi’s facilities. Citi continues to make progress toward embedding climate-related considerations into its overarching risk management approach, driven by the materiality of the financial and strategic risk considerations. For additional information on climate risk, see “Risk Factors—Strategic Risks” above.
Citi continues to develop globally consistent principles and approaches for managing climate risk across the Company through its Climate Risk Management Framework (Climate RMF). The Climate RMF provides information on the governance, roles and responsibilities, and principles to
120
support the identification, measurement, monitoring, controlling and reporting of climate risks.
Citi continues to enhance its methodologies for quantifying how climate risks could impact the individual credit profiles of its clients across various sectors. Citi has developed and embedded sector-specific climate risk assessments in its credit underwriting process for certain sectors that have been identified as higher climate risk. Such climate risk assessments are designed to incorporate publicly available client disclosures and data from third-party providers and facilitate conversations with clients on their most material climate risks and management plans for adaptation and mitigation. These assessments help Citi to better understand its clients’ businesses and climate-related risks, and support their financial needs.
Citi also reviews factors related to climate risk associated with financed projects and clients in certain sectors under its Environmental and Social Risk Management (ESRM) Policy. Citi’s ESRM Policy describes sector approaches to certain high-carbon sectors, including thermal coal mining and power.
Furthermore, Citi participates in financial industry and regulatory initiatives that inform the measurement and assessment of potential financial risks of climate change, including scenario analysis. Citi also continues to monitor and actively engage with regulators on climate risk and sustainable finance developments.
For additional information about sustainability at Citi, see “Net Zero and Sustainability” above.
121
OTHER RISKS
Country Risk
Top 25 Country Exposures
The following table presents Citi’s top 25 exposures by country (excluding the U.S.) as of December 31, 2024. (Including the U.S., Citi’s top 25 exposures by country would represent approximately 98% of Citi’s exposure to all countries as of December 31, 2024.)
For purposes of the table, loan amounts are reflected in the country where the loan is booked, which is generally based on the domicile of the borrower. For example, a loan to a Chinese subsidiary of a Switzerland-based corporation will generally be categorized as a loan in China. In addition, Citi has developed regional booking centers in certain countries, most significantly in the United Kingdom (U.K.) and Ireland,
in order to more efficiently serve its