U.S. plans include benefits paid directly by the Company for the nonqualified pension plans.
(2)
The Company made a discretionary contribution of approximately $
600
million to a pension plan in Mexico during the fourth quarter of 2024.
(3)
Company contributions are composed of cash contributions made to the plans and benefits paid directly by the Company.
114
9.
RESTRUCTURING
As previously disclosed, Citi is pursuing various initiatives to simplify the Company and further align its organizational structure with its business strategy. As part of its overall simplification initiatives, in the fourth quarter of 2023, Citi eliminated the previous
Institutional Clients Group
and
Personal Banking and Wealth Management
layers, exited certain institutional business lines, and consolidated its regional structure, creating
one
international group, while centralizing client capabilities and streamlining its global staff functions.
Citi has recorded net restructuring charges of approximately $
1.037
billion program to date.
Restructuring charges are recorded as a separate line item within
Operating expenses
in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income. These charges were included within
All Other
—Corporate/Other.
The following costs associated with these initiatives are included in restructuring charges:
•
Personnel costs: severance costs associated with actual headcount reductions (as well as those that were probable and could be reasonably estimated)
•
Other: costs associated with contract terminations and other direct costs associated with the restructuring, including asset write-downs (non-cash write-downs of capitalized software, which are included in
Premises and equipment
related to exited businesses)
The following table is a rollforward of the liability related to the restructuring charges:
(1)    Revisions primarily relate to higher-than-anticipated redeployments of displaced employees to other positions within the Company, job function releveling and employee attrition.
(2)    Revisions primarily relate to lower-than-anticipated costs associated with contract terminations.
115
10.
EARNINGS PER SHARE
The following table reconciles the income and share data used in the basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) computations:
(1)
Other relevant items in 2025 include issuance costs of $
4
million related to the redemption of preferred stock Series V. The issuance costs were reclassified from
Additional paid-in capital
to
Retained earnings
upon redemption of the preferred stock. See Note 20. The total for this line also includes dividends and undistributed earnings ($
40
million combined for 1Q25) allocated to employee restricted and deferred shares with rights to dividends.
(2)
Due to rounding, earnings per share on continuing operations and discontinued operations may not sum to earnings per share on net income.
(3)    During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, there were no weighted-average options outstanding.
116
11.
SECURITIES