information on transfer risk reserves, see “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates—Citi’s Allowance for Credit Losses (ACL)” below.
In addition, Citi significantly reduced its
All Other
—Legacy Franchises consumer loan portfolio in Russia (reported
as part of Asia Consumer), largely due to loan portfolio sales and its entry into a credit card referral agreement with a Russian bank. For additional information, see “Citi’s Wind-Down of Its Russia Operations” below.
Citi’s remaining operations are conducted through
Services
,
Markets
,
Banking
and
All Other
—Legacy Franchises
.
Citi continues to monitor the war in Ukraine, related sanctions and economic conditions and continues to mitigate its Russia exposures and risks as appropriate.
For additional information about Citi’s risks related to its Russia exposures, see “Risk Factors—Market-Related Risks,” “—Operational Risks” and “—Other Risks” above.
Impact of the Russia–Ukraine War on Citi’s Businesses
Russia-related Balance Sheet Exposures
Citi’s remaining domestic operations in Russia are conducted through a subsidiary of Citibank, AO Citibank, which uses the Russian ruble as its functional currency.
The following table summarizes Citi’s and its clients’ Russia-related exposures:
(1)    Investment securities include debt securities AFS, recorded at fair market value, primarily local government debt securities.
(2)    Cash on deposit and placements are primarily with the Central Bank of Russia. Due to sanctions restrictions, as well as Citi being unable to enter into reverse repos beginning in the third quarter of 2024, any excess liquidity is placed with the Central Bank of Russia.
(3)    Represents dividends relating to Russian securities held by Citi in its role as custodian for clients in Russia, which Citi is required by local regulation to hold at the DIA. Citi is unable to remit these funds, which are held at clients’ risk, to these clients due to restrictions imposed by the Russian government.
(4)    Clients’ exposure of $7.4 billion as of December 31, 2024, primarily consists of corporate dividends that Citi cannot remit to its clients due to restrictions imposed by the Russian government and are held with the DIA.
(5)    Citigroup’s CTA loss of $1.6 billion as of December 31, 2024 included in its
AOCI
related to its indirect subsidiary, AO Citibank, and $0.9 billion of intercompany liabilities owed by AO Citibank to other Citi entities outside Russia are excluded from the above table. Citi has separately described these amounts in “Deconsolidation Risk” below.
123
During the fourth quarter of 2024, Citi’s Russia-related exposures remained unchanged at $1.6 billion at December 31, 2024. Total clients’ exposures decreased $0.1 billion to $7.4 billion, primarily driven by depreciation of the Russian ruble, partially offset by inflows from dividends received from Russian corporations on behalf of Citi’s clients. As discussed in the table above, clients’ exposures primarily