and its planned capital distributions, such as dividend payments and common share repurchases. The FRB assesses whether Citi has sufficient capital to continue operations throughout times of economic and financial market stress and whether Citi has robust, forward-looking capital planning processes that account for its unique risks.
All CCAR firms, including Citi, are subject to a rigorous evaluation of their capital planning process. Firms with weak practices may be subject to a deficient supervisory rating, and potentially an enforcement action, for failing to meet supervisory expectations. For additional information regarding CCAR, see “Risk Factors—Strategic Risks” below.
DFAST is a forward-looking quantitative evaluation of the impact of stressful economic and financial market conditions on Citi’s regulatory capital. This program serves to inform the FRB and the general public as to how Citi’s regulatory capital ratios might change using a hypothetical set of adverse economic conditions as designed by the FRB. In addition to the annual supervisory stress test conducted by the FRB, Citi is required to conduct annual company-run stress tests under the same adverse economic conditions designed by the FRB.
Both CCAR and DFAST include an estimate of projected revenues, losses, reserves, pro forma regulatory capital ratios and any other additional capital measures deemed relevant by Citi. Projections are required over a nine-quarter planning horizon under two supervisory scenarios (baseline and severely adverse conditions). All risk-based capital ratios reflect application of the Standardized Approach framework under the U.S. Basel III rules.
In addition, Citibank is required to conduct the annual Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test. The annual stress test consists of a forward-looking quantitative evaluation of the impact of stressful economic and financial market conditions under several scenarios on Citibank’s regulatory capital. This program serves to inform the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency as to how Citibank’s regulatory capital ratios might change during a hypothetical set of adverse economic conditions and to ultimately evaluate the reliability of Citibank’s capital planning process.
Citigroup and Citibank are required to disclose the results of their company-run stress tests.
36
Citigroup’s Capital Resources
The following table presents Citi’s required risk-based capital ratios as of December 31, 2024, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023:
(1)
For all periods presented, Citi’s required risk-based capital ratios under the Advanced Approaches included the 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer and 3.5% GSIB surcharge (all of which must be composed of CET1 Capital).
(2)
Beginning October 1, 2024, Citi’s required risk-based capital ratios under the Standardized Approach included the 4.1% SCB through September 30, 2025 and 3.5% GSIB surcharge (all of which must be composed of CET1 Capital). For prior periods presented, Citi’s required risk-