“Managing Global Risk,” including “Managing Global Risk—Other Risks—Country Risk—Russia” and “—Argentina,” and “Forward-Looking Statements” below and “Risk Factors” in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
10
CITI’S MULTIYEAR TRANSFORMATION
Overview
As previously disclosed, Citi’s transformation, including the remediation of its 2020 Consent Orders with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB) and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), is a multiyear endeavor that is not linear. Citi is modernizing and simplifying the Company in order to lead in a dynamic, competitive and digital world. Through its transformation, Citi is addressing decades of underinvestment in its infrastructure, going beyond remedying regulatory concerns to intentionally transform how the organization operates, and making investments that not only support current needs, but also benefit the Company over the long term. For additional information on Citi’s transformation, including focus areas and status, consent order compliance, governance and the Transformation Bonus Program, see “Citi’s Multiyear Transformation” in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K and Citi’s 2025 Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Transformation efforts of this scale involve significant complexities and uncertainties, including ongoing regulatory challenges and risks. Citi’s transformation initiatives will take several years to complete, and, as previously disclosed, Citi may continue to experience significant challenges in progressing the transformation and satisfying the regulators’ expectations in both sufficiency and timing, particularly with regard to data quality management related to governance and regulatory reporting. The regulators may also identify additional risk and control issues that could result in further regulatory actions. For additional information about regulatory risks related to Citi’s transformation initiatives, see “Forward-Looking Statements” below and “Risk Factors—Compliance Risks” in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
Citi’s transformation target outcomes remain focused on changing its business and operating models such that they simultaneously (i) strengthen controls, enhance data quality, reduce risk and improve Citi’s regulatory compliance and its culture, and (ii) enhance Citi’s value to customers, clients and shareholders.
Transformation Focus Areas and Status
Over the last several years, Citi has made key investments to, among other things, consolidate and modernize its
infrastructure, simplify and automate manual processes, and enhance technology, data and analytics. In particular, Citi’s transformation-related expenses include costs related to risk and controls, data and finance programs and other 2020 Consent Order programs, as well as spending on certain other regulatory initiatives unrelated to the 2020 Consent Orders, and spending on enterprise-wide technology infrastructure and the Transformation Bonus Program.
Progress
Examples of Citi’s transformation