drivers was partially offset by 9% growth in AUC/AUA, which benefited from higher market valuations, new client onboarding and deepening of relationships with existing clients.
Expenses
decreased 3%, largely driven by lower deposit insurance costs, severance and legal expenses.
Provisions
were $51 million, compared to $64 million in the prior-year period, driven by a lower net ACL build on loans and unfunded lending commitments of $18 million, compared to $46 million in the prior-year period.
The current-quarter net ACL build of $45 million was driven by uncertainty and deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook and an increase in transfer risk associated with unremittable corporate dividends outside the U.S. being held on behalf of clients, driven by safety and soundness considerations under U.S. banking law.
For additional information on Citi’s ACL, s
ee “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates” below.
For additional information on
Services
’ corporate credit portfolio, see “Managing Global Risk—Credit Risk—Corporate Credit” below.
For additional information on trends in
Services
’ deposits and loans, see “Managing Global Risk—Credit Risk—Loans” and “Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk—Deposits” below.
For additional information about trends, uncertainties and risks related to
Services
’ future results, see “Executive Summary” above, “Managing Global Risk—Other Risks—Country Risk—Argentina” and “—Russia” and “Forward-Looking Statements” below and “Risk Factors” in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
18
MARKETS
Markets
provides corporate, institutional and public sector clients around the world with a full range of sales and trading services across equities, foreign exchange, rates, spread products and commodities. The range of services includes market-making across asset classes, risk management solutions, financing and prime brokerage.
As a market maker,
Markets
facilitates transactions, including holding product inventory to meet client demand, and earns the differential between the price at which it buys and sells the products. These price differentials and the unrealized gains and losses on the inventory are recorded in
Principal transactions
.
Fee revenue
is earned through providing clients with a range of services including but not limited to trading, financing, brokerage, securitization and underwriting.
Other
primarily includes realized gains and losses on available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities, gains and losses on equity securities not held in trading accounts and other non-recurring gains and losses. Interest income earned on assets held, less interest paid on long- and short-term debt, secured funding transactions and customer deposits, is recorded as
Net interest income.
The amount and types of
Markets
revenues are impacted by a variety of interrelated factors, including market liquidity; changes in market variables such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices and credit spreads, as well as