reorganized and thus the risk categories). Not included in the table below is the impact of net interest income related to trading activities, which is an integral part of the profitability of trading
activities (see Note 4 for information about net interest income related to trading activities). Principal transactions include CVA (credit valuation adjustments) and FVA (funding valuation adjustments) on over-the-counter derivatives, and gains (losses) on certain economic hedges on loans in
Services
,
Markets
and
Banking
. These adjustments are discussed further in Note 23.
In certain transactions, Citi incurs fees and presents these fees paid to third parties in operating expenses.
The following table presents
Principal transactions
revenue:
(1)    Includes revenues from government securities, municipal securities, mortgage securities and other debt instruments. Also includes spot and forward trading of currencies and exchange-traded and over-the-counter (OTC) currency options, options on fixed income securities, interest rate swaps, currency swaps, swap options, caps and floors, financial futures, OTC options and forward contracts on fixed income securities.
(2)    Includes revenues from foreign exchange spot, forward, option and swap contracts, as well as foreign currency translation (FX translation) gains and losses.
(3)    Includes revenues from common, preferred and convertible preferred stock, convertible corporate debt, equity-linked notes and exchange-traded and OTC equity options and warrants.
(4)    Primarily includes revenues from crude oil, refined oil products, natural gas, metals and other commodities trades.
(5)    Includes revenues from corporate debt, secondary trading loans, mortgage securities, single name and index credit default swaps, and structured credit products.
113
7.
INCENTIVE PLANS
For information on Citi’s incentive plans, see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
8.
RETIREMENT BENEFITS
For additional information on Citi’s retirement benefits, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
Citigroup remeasures its significant pension and postretirement benefits plans’ obligations and assets by updating plan actuarial assumptions quarterly, when certain conditions are met to trigger interim remeasurement. No interim remeasurement occurred for the first quarter of 2025.
Net Expense (Benefit)
The following table summarizes the components of net expense (benefit) recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income for the Company’s pension and postretirement benefit plans for Significant Plans and All Other Plans. Service cost is reported in
Compensation and benefits
expenses and all other components of the net periodic benefit cost are reported in
Other operating
expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
Contributions
The following table summarizes the Company’s expected contributions for 2025 and the actual contributions made in 2024:
(1)
The