17.8
billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Variation margin due from clients to the respective CCP, or from the CCP to clients, reflects changes in the value of the client’s derivative contracts for each trading day. As a clearing member, Citi is exposed to the risk of non-performance by clients (e.g., failure of a client to post variation margin to the CCP for negative changes in the value of the client’s derivative contracts). In the event of non-performance by a client, Citi would move to close out the client’s positions. The CCP would typically utilize initial margin posted by the client and held by the CCP, with any remaining shortfalls required to be paid by Citi as clearing member. Citi generally holds incremental cash or securities margin posted by the client, which would typically be expected to be sufficient to mitigate Citi’s credit risk in the event that the client fails to perform.
As required by ASC 860-30-25-5, securities collateral posted by clients is not recognized on Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.
295
FICC Sponsored Member Repo Program
Citi acts as a sponsoring member of the Government Securities Division of the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (FICC) to clear eligible resale and repurchase agreements on behalf of its clients that become sponsored members of the FICC. Citi, as sponsoring member, is required to provide a guarantee to the FICC with respect to the prompt payment and performance of its sponsored members. Because Citi obtains a security interest in the cash or high-quality securities collateral that the clients place with the clearing house, Citi expects the risk of loss from this guarantee to be remote. See Note 12 for additional information on Citi’s resale and repurchase agreements, including risk mitigation practices for these transactions.
Carrying Value—Guarantees and Indemnifications
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the total carrying amounts of the liabilities related to the guarantees and indemnifications included in the tables above amounted to approximately $
1.0
billion and $
1.2
billion, respectively. The carrying value of financial and performance guarantees is included in
Other liabilities.
For loans sold with recourse, the carrying value of the liability is included in
Other liabilities
.
Collateral
Cash collateral available to Citi to reimburse losses realized under these guarantees and indemnifications amounted to $
49.0
billion and $
52.5
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Securities and other marketable assets held as collateral amounted to $
62.5
billion and $
67.7
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The majority of
collateral is held to reimburse losses realized under securities lending indemnifications. In addition, letters of credit in favor of Citi held as collateral amounted to $
3.1
billion and $
3.1
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Other property may also be available to Citi to cover losses under certain