value hierarchy as Level 3 even though there may be some significant inputs that are readily observable.
Citi is required to exercise subjective judgments relating to the applicability and functionality of internal valuation models, the significance of inputs or drivers to the valuation of an instrument and the degree of illiquidity and subsequent lack of observability in certain markets. The fair value of these instruments is reported on Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet with the changes in fair value recognized in either the Consolidated Statement of Income or in
AOCI
.
Losses on available-for-sale securities whose fair values are less than the amortized cost, where Citi intends to sell the security or could more-likely-than-not be required to sell the security prior to recovery, are recognized in earnings. Where Citi does not intend to sell the security nor could more-likely-than-not be required to sell the security, any portion of the loss that is attributable to credit is recognized as an allowance for credit losses with a corresponding provision for credit losses, and the remainder of the loss is recognized in
AOCI
. Such losses are capped at the difference between the fair value and amortized cost of the security.
For equity securities carried at cost or under the measurement alternative, decreases in fair value below the carrying value are recognized as impairment in the Consolidated Statement of Income. Moreover, for certain equity method investments, decreases in fair value are only recognized in earnings in the Consolidated Statement of Income if such decreases are judged to be an other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI). Assessing if the fair value impairment is temporary is also inherently judgmental.
The fair value of financial instruments incorporates the effects of Citi’s own credit risk and the market view of counterparty credit risk, the quantification of which is also complex and judgmental. For additional information on Citi’s fair value analysis, see Notes 6, 23 and 24 in this Form 10-Q and Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
85
Citi’s Allowance for Credit Losses (ACL)
The table below presents Citi’s allowance for credit losses on loans (ACLL) and total ACL as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, as well as builds and releases during 2025. For information on the drivers of Citi’s ACL net build in the first quarter of 2025, see below. For additional information on Citi’s accounting policy on accounting for credit losses under ASC Topic 326,
Financial Instruments—Credit Losses; Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL)
, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
(1)    Includes Legacy Franchises corporate loans activity related to Mexico SBMM and the Assets Finance Group (AFG) (AFG was previously reported in
Markets
; all periods have been reclassified to reflect this move into Legacy Franchises), as well as other Legacy Holdings Assets corporate loans.