therefore, are not included in the tables above. These include assets measured at cost that have been written down to fair value during the periods as a result of an impairment. These also include non-marketable equity securities that have been measured using the measurement alternative and are either (i) written down to fair value during the periods as a result of an impairment or (ii) adjusted upward or downward to fair value as a result of a transaction observed during the periods for an identical or similar investment in the same issuer. In addition, these assets include loans held-for-sale and other real estate owned that are measured at the lower of cost or market value.
The following tables present the carrying amounts of all assets that were still held for which a nonrecurring fair value measurement was recorded:
(1)
Net of mark-to-market amounts on the unfunded portion of loans HFS recognized as
Other liabilities
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(2)
Represents collateral-dependent loans held for investment for which the fair value of collateral is used to estimate expected credit losses, and whose carrying amount is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral less costs to sell, as applicable (primarily real estate).
188
Valuation Techniques and Inputs for Level 3 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements
The following tables present the valuation techniques covering the majority of Level 3 nonrecurring fair value measurements and the most significant unobservable inputs used in those measurements:
(1)
The tables above include the fair values for the items listed and may not represent the total population for each category.
(2)
Some inputs are shown as zero due to rounding.
(3)
Weighted averages are calculated based on the fair values of the instruments.
(4)
Appraised values are disclosed in whole dollars.
(5)
Represents collateral-dependent loans held for investment for which the fair value of collateral is used to estimate expected credit losses, and whose carrying amount is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral less costs to sell, as applicable (primarily real estate).
Nonrecurring Fair Value Changes
The following table presents total nonrecurring fair value measurements for the period, included in earnings, attributable to the change in fair value relating to assets that were still held:
(1)
Represents collateral-dependent loans held for investment for which the fair value of collateral is used to estimate expected credit losses, and whose carrying amount is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral less costs to sell, as applicable (primarily real estate).
189
Estimated Fair Value of Financial Instruments Not Carried at Fair Value
The following tables present the carrying value and fair value of Citigroup’s financial instruments that are not carried at fair value. The tables below therefore exclude items measured at fair value on a recurring basis presented in the tables above.
(1)
Includes $
5.2