daily trading-related revenue above.
115
Stress Testing
Citi performs market risk stress testing on a regular basis to estimate the impact of extreme market movements. It is performed on individual positions and trading portfolios, as well as in aggregate, inclusive of multiple trading portfolios. Citi’s market risk management, after consultations with the businesses, develops both systemic and specific stress scenarios, reviews the output of periodic stress testing exercises and uses the information to assess the ongoing appropriateness of exposure levels and limits. Citi uses two complementary approaches to market risk stress testing across all major risk factors (i.e., equity, foreign exchange, commodity, interest rate and credit spreads): top-down systemic stresses and bottom-up business-specific stresses. Systemic stresses are designed to quantify the potential impact of extreme market movements on an institution-wide basis, and are constructed using both historical periods of market stress and projections of adverse economic scenarios. Business-specific stresses are designed to probe the risks of particular portfolios and market segments, especially those risks that are not fully captured in VaR and systemic stresses.
The systemic stress scenarios and business-specific stress scenarios at Citi are used in several reports reviewed by senior management and also to calculate internal risk capital for trading market risk, as well as enable the monitoring and managing of Citi’s top market risks.
In general, changes in market values are defined over a one-year horizon. For the most liquid positions and market factors, changes in market values are defined over a shorter two-month horizon. The limited set of positions and market factors whose market value changes are defined over a two-month horizon are those that in management’s judgment have historically remained very liquid during financial crises, even as the trading liquidity of most other positions and market factors materially declined.
OPERATIONAL RISK
Overview
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, human error or systems errors, or external events. As discussed further below, operational risk includes cybersecurity risk. It also includes legal risk, which is the risk of loss (including litigation costs, settlements and regulatory fines) resulting from the failure of Citi to comply with laws, regulations, prudent ethical standards and contractual obligations in any aspect of its businesses, but excludes strategic and reputation risks. Citi also recognizes the impact of operational risk on the reputation risk associated with Citi’s business activities.
Operational risk is inherent in Citi’s global business activities, as well as related support functions, and can result in losses. Citi maintains a comprehensive Company-wide risk taxonomy to classify operational risks that it faces using standardized definitions across Citi’s Operational