portfolio is composed of mark-to-market positions associated with non-trading business units, the CVA relating to derivative counterparties, all associated CVA hedges and market sensitivity FVA hedges. FVA and DVA are not included. The credit portfolio also includes hedges of the loan portfolio, fair value option loans and hedges of the leveraged finance pipeline within capital markets origination.
113
The table below provides the range of market factor VaRs associated with Citi’s total trading VaR, inclusive of specific risk:
Note: No covariance adjustment can be inferred from the above table as the high and low for each market factor will be from different close-of-business dates.
The following table provides the VaR for
Markets
, excluding the CVA relating to derivative counterparties, hedges of CVA, fair value option loans and hedges of the loan portfolio:
VaR Model Review and Validation
Generally, Citi’s VaR review and model validation process entails reviewing the model framework, major assumptions and implementation of the mathematical algorithm. In addition, product-specific back-testing on portfolios is periodically completed as part of the ongoing model performance monitoring process and reviewed with Citi’s U.S. banking regulators. Furthermore, Regulatory VaR back-testing (as described below) is performed against buy-and-hold profit and loss on a monthly basis for multiple sub-portfolios across the organization (trading desk level and total Citigroup) and the results are shared with U.S. banking regulators.
Material VaR model and assumption changes must be independently validated within Citi’s Independent Risk Management organization. All model changes, including those for the VaR model, are validated by the model validation group within Citi’s Model Risk Management. In the event of significant model changes, parallel model runs are undertaken prior to implementation. In addition, significant model and assumption changes are subject to the periodic reviews and approval by Citi’s U.S. banking regulators.
Citi uses the same independently validated VaR model for both Regulatory VaR and Risk Management VaR (i.e., total trading and total trading and credit portfolios VaRs) and, as such, the model review and validation process for both purposes is as described above.
Regulatory VaR, which is calculated in accordance with Basel III, differs from Risk Management VaR because certain positions included in Risk Management VaR are not eligible
for market risk treatment in Regulatory VaR. The composition of Risk Management VaR is discussed under “Value at Risk” above. The applicability of the VaR model for positions eligible for market risk treatment under U.S. regulatory capital rules is periodically reviewed and approved by Citi’s U.S. banking regulators.
In accordance with Basel III, Regulatory VaR includes all trading book-covered positions and all foreign exchange and commodity exposures. Pursuant to Basel III, Regulatory VaR excludes