indirect foreign exchange mechanisms, Citi could incur additional translation losses on its net investment in Argentina. Accordingly, Citi seeks to reduce its overall ARS exposure in
125
Argentina while complying with local capital and currency exposure limitations.
Of the $1.5 billion net investment in Argentina as of December 31, 2024, Citi’s net ARS exposure was approximately $1.1 billion (compared to $0.9 billion as of September 30, 2024). Citi’s net ARS exposure is less than its total net investment in Argentina as a result of Citi holding approximately $175 million of USD-denominated loans as well as approximately $200 million of certain local government bonds that are USD denominated. If Citi had not invested in such instruments to reduce its ARS exposure, Citi would have recognized additional translation losses during the fourth quarter of 2024. Given current economic conditions and the local capital, currency and regulatory limitations, Citi cannot guarantee the availability or effectiveness of such mechanisms to reduce its ARS exposure in the future.
In addition to reducing the ARS exposure, Citi also seeks to economically hedge the exposure to the extent possible and prudent using non-deliverable forward (NDF) derivative instruments that are primarily executed outside of Argentina. As of December 31, 2024, Citi hedged approximately $0.4 billion of its ARS exposure through offshore hedges, including NDF derivative instruments. Citi was unable to hedge its remaining ARS exposure, given the illiquidity of the offshore NDF market. To the extent that Citi is unable to execute or renew NDF contracts in the future, Citi would record devaluations on its net ARS-denominated assets in earnings, without any benefit from a change in the fair value of such derivative positions used to economically hedge the exposure. Citi cannot predict the availability of hedging instruments in the future nor can it predict changes in foreign exchange rates and the resulting impact on earnings.
Citi continually evaluates its economic exposure to its Argentine counterparties and reserves for changes in credit risk and records mark-to-market adjustments for relevant market risks associated with its Argentine assets. Citi believes it has established an appropriate ACL on its Argentine loans, and appropriate fair value adjustments on Argentine assets and liabilities measured at fair value, for credit and sovereign risks under U.S. GAAP as of December 31, 2024. For additional information on Citi’s emerging markets risks, including those related to its Argentine exposures, see “Risk Factors—Strategic Risks” above.
FFIEC—Cross-Border Claims on Third Parties and Local Country Assets
Citi’s cross-border disclosures are presented below, based on the country exposure bank regulatory reporting guidelines of the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC). The following summarizes some of the key FFIEC reporting guidelines:
•
Amounts are based on the domicile of