management and internal controls. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket number 1:20-CV-09132 (S.D.N.Y.) (Preska, J.).
Sovereign Securities Matters
Regulatory Action
: On May 24, 2023, the UK Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) announced that it had provisionally found that Citigroup, CGML, and four other banks unlawfully shared information related to the buying and selling of British pound sterling-denominated government bonds issued by the United Kingdom. The CMA noted that Citigroup and CGML applied for leniency and had reached an agreement to settle with the CMA. On February 21, 2025, the CMA announced resolutions with Citigroup and CGML related to conduct that occurred between 2011 and 2013 and imposed a fine of £
17.16
million.
Antitrust and Other Litigation
: In 2018, a putative class action was filed against Citigroup, CGMI, Citigroup Financial Products Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., Banamex, Grupo Banamex, and other banks, captioned IN RE MEXICAN GOVERNMENT BONDS ANTITRUST LITIGATION, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint alleges that defendants colluded in the Mexican sovereign bond market. In September 2019, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss. In December 2019, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint against Banamex and other market makers in the Mexican sovereign bond market. Plaintiffs no longer assert any claims against Citigroup or any other U.S. Citi affiliates. The amended complaint alleges a conspiracy to fix prices in the Mexican sovereign bond market, asserts antitrust and unjust enrichment claims, and seeks treble damages, restitution, and injunctive relief. In November 2020, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss, and the plaintiffs appealed. On February 9, 2024, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit vacated the dismissal. On June 12, 2024, plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint. On July 29, 2024, certain defendants, including Banamex, filed a motion to dismiss the third amended complaint. On January
15, 2025, the court denied the motion to dismiss. Additional information concerning this action is publicly available in court filings under the docket numbers 18-CV-2830 (S.D.N.Y.) (Oetken, J.) and 22-2039 (2d Cir.).
In February 2021, purchasers of Euro-denominated sovereign debt issued by European central governments added CGMI, CGML, and others as defendants to a putative class action, captioned IN RE EUROPEAN GOVERNMENT BONDS ANTITRUST LITIGATION, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Plaintiffs allege that defendants engaged in a conspiracy to inflate prices of European government bonds in primary market auctions and to fix the prices of European government bonds in secondary markets. Plaintiffs assert a claim under the Sherman Act and seek treble damages and attorneys’ fees. In March 2022, the court granted