on Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet that, for certain debt instruments, includes consideration of fair value, hedging impacts and unamortized discounts and premiums.
(1)    Non-bank includes long-term debt issued to third parties by the parent holding company (Citigroup) and Citi’s non-bank subsidiaries (including broker-dealer subsidiaries) that are consolidated into Citigroup. As of December 31, 2024, non-bank included $87.8 billion of long-term debt issued by Citi’s broker-dealer and other subsidiaries that are consolidated into Citigroup. Certain Citigroup consolidated hedging activities are also included in this line.
(2)    Local country and other includes debt issued by Citi’s affiliates in support of their local operations. Within non-bank, certain secured financing is also included.
(3)    Predominantly credit card securitizations, primarily backed by Branded Cards receivables.
Citi’s total long-term debt outstanding was essentially unchanged year-over-year. Sequentially, long-term debt outstanding decreased 4%, largely related to net maturities of senior benchmark debt at the bank and non-bank entities and customer-related debt issuances at the non-bank entities.
As part of its liability management, Citi has considered, and may continue to consider, opportunities to redeem or repurchase its long-term debt pursuant to open market purchases, tender offers or other means. Such redemptions and repurchases help reduce Citi’s overall funding costs. During 2024, Citi redeemed or repurchased an aggregate of $46.8 billion of its outstanding long-term debt.
97
Long-Term Debt Issuances and Maturities
The table below details Citi’s long-term debt issuances and maturities (including repurchases and redemptions) during the periods presented:
The table below details Citi’s aggregate long-term debt maturities (including repurchases and redemptions) in 2024, as well as its aggregate expected remaining long-term debt maturities by year as of December 31, 2024:
98
Resolution Plan
Citigroup is required under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank Act) and the rules promulgated by the FDIC and FRB to periodically submit a plan for Citi’s rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of material financial distress or failure. For additional information on risks related to the application of resolution plan requirements, see “Risk Factors—Strategic Risks” above. Citigroup alternates between submitting a full resolution plan and a targeted resolution plan on a biennial cycle.
Under Citi’s preferred “single point of entry” resolution plan strategy, only Citigroup, the parent holding company, would enter into bankruptcy, while Citigroup’s material legal entities (as defined in the public section of its 2023 resolution plan, which can be found on the FRB’s and FDIC’s websites) would remain operational outside of any resolution or insolvency proceedings. Citigroup’s resolution plan