Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)
U.S. GSIBs, including Citi, are required to maintain minimum levels of TLAC and eligible long-term debt (LTD), each set by reference to the GSIB’s consolidated risk-weighted assets (RWA) and total leverage exposure.
Minimum External TLAC Requirement
The minimum external TLAC requirement is the greater of (i) 18% of the GSIB’s RWA plus the then-applicable RWA-based TLAC buffer (see below) and (ii) 7.5% of the GSIB’s total leverage exposure plus a leverage-based TLAC buffer of 2% (i.e., 9.5%).
The RWA-based TLAC buffer equals the 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer, plus any applicable Countercyclical Capital Buffer (currently 0%), plus the GSIB’s capital surcharge as determined under method 1 of the GSIB surcharge rule (2.0% for Citi for 2024). Accordingly, Citi’s total current minimum TLAC requirement was 22.5% of RWA for 2024.
Minimum Long-Term Debt (LTD) Requirement
The minimum LTD requirement is the greater of (i) 6% of the GSIB’s RWA plus its capital surcharge as determined under method 2 of the GSIB surcharge rule (3.5% for Citi for 2024), for a total current requirement of 9.5% of RWA for Citi, and (ii) 4.5% of the GSIB’s total leverage exposure.
The table below details Citi’s eligible external TLAC and LTD amounts and ratios, and each TLAC and LTD regulatory requirement, as well as the surplus amount in dollars in excess of each requirement:
(1)    External TLAC includes method 1 GSIB surcharge of 2.0%.
(2)    LTD includes method 2 GSIB surcharge of 3.5%.
As of December 31, 2024, Citi exceeded each of the TLAC and LTD regulatory requirements, resulting in a $9 billion surplus above its binding TLAC requirement of LTD as a percentage of Total Leverage Exposure.
For additional information on Citi’s TLAC-related requirements, see “Liquidity Risk—Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)” below.
Capital Resources (Full Adoption of CECL)
The following tables present Citigroup’s and Citibank’s capital components and ratios under a hypothetical scenario where the full impact of CECL is reflected as of December 31, 2024
(1)
:
(1)
The capital effects resulting from adoption of the CECL methodology were fully reflected in Citi’s regulatory capital as of January 1, 2025. See footnote 2 to the “Components of Citigroup Capital” table above.
(2)
Citibank’s required capital ratios were the same under the Standardized Approach and the Advanced Approaches framework.
47
Regulatory Capital Standards and Developments
Basel III Revisions
On July 27, 2023, the U.S. banking agencies issued a notice of proposed rulemaking, known as the Basel III Endgame (capital proposal), that would amend U.S. regulatory capital requirements. Citi continues to monitor developments related to this rulemaking, including as a result of new leadership at the U.S. banking agencies.
The capital proposal would maintain the current capital rule’s dual-requirement structure for RWA, but would eliminate the use of internal models to calculate credit risk and