functions. ICRM is responsible for oversight of Citi’s CRM Policy, while all businesses and global control functions are responsible for managing their compliance risks and operating within the Compliance Risk Appetite.
119
As discussed above, Citi is working to address the FRB and OCC Consent Orders and the OCC’s 2024 Consent Order Amendment, which include improvements to Citi’s CRM Framework and its enterprise-wide application (see “Citi’s Multiyear Transformation
—
FRB and OCC Consent Orders Compliance” above).
REPUTATION RISK
Citi’s reputation is a vital asset in building trust, and Citi is diligent in enhancing and protecting its reputation with its key stakeholders. To support this, Citi has developed a reputation risk framework. Under this framework, Citigroup and Citibank, N.A. have implemented a risk appetite statement and related key indicators to monitor corporate activities and operations relative to Citi’s risk appetite. The framework also requires that business segments escalate potential material reputation risks that require review or mitigation through the applicable business Management Forum or Group Reputation Risk Committee.
The Group Reputation Risk Committee and Management Forums, which are composed of Citi’s senior executives, govern the process by which material reputation risks are identified, measured, monitored, controlled, escalated and reported. The Group Reputation Risk Committee and Management Forums determine the appropriate actions to be taken in line with risk appetite and regulatory expectations, while promoting a culture of risk awareness and high standards of integrity and ethical behavior across the Company, consistent with Citi’s Mission and Value Proposition. The Group Reputation Risk Committee may escalate reputation risks to the Nomination, Governance and Public Affairs Committee or other appropriate committee of the Citigroup Board of Directors.
Every Citi employee is responsible for safeguarding Citi’s reputation, guided by Citi’s Code of Conduct. Employees are expected to exercise sound judgment and common sense in decisions and actions. They are also expected to promptly escalate all issues that present material reputation risk in line with policy.
STRATEGIC RISK
As discussed above, strategic risk is the risk of a sustained impact (not episodic impact) to Citi’s core strategic objectives as measured by impacts on anticipated earnings, market capitalization or capital, arising from external factors affecting the Company’s operating environment, as well as the risks associated with defining and executing the strategy, which are identified, measured and managed as part of the Strategic Risk Framework at the Enterprise Level.
In this context, external factors affecting Citi’s operating environment are the economic environment, geopolitical/political landscape, industry/competitive landscape, environmental, customer/client behavior, regulatory/legislative environment and trends related to