above), have resulted, and could continue to result, in significant changes to Citi’s risk-weighted assets. These changes can negatively impact Citi’s capital ratios and its ability to meet its regulatory capital requirements.
CREDIT RISKS
Credit Risk and Concentrations of Risk Can Increase the Potential for Citi to Incur Significant Losses.
Citi has credit exposures to consumer, corporate and public sector borrowers and other counterparties in the U.S. and various countries and jurisdictions globally, including end-of-period consumer loans of $393 billion and end-of-period corporate loans of $301 billion at December 31, 2024. For additional information on Citi’s corporate and consumer loan portfolios, see “Managing Global Risk—Corporate Credit” and “—Consumer Credit” below. For information on Citi’s credit and country risk, see also each respective business’s results of operations above and “Managing Global Risk—Other Risks—Country Risk” below and Notes 15 and 16.
A default by or a significant downgrade in the credit ratings of a borrower or other counterparty, or a decline in the credit quality or value of any underlying collateral, exposes Citi to credit risk. Additionally, despite Citi’s target client strategy, various macroeconomic, geopolitical, market and other factors, among other things, can increase Citi’s credit risk and credit costs, particularly for vulnerable sectors, industries or countries (see the macroeconomic challenges and uncertainties and co-branding and private label credit card risk factors above and the emerging markets risk factor below). For
example, a weakening of economic conditions can adversely affect borrowers’ ability to repay their obligations, as well as result in Citi being unable to liquidate the collateral it holds or forced to liquidate the collateral at prices that do not cover the full amount owed to Citi.
Citi is also a member of various central clearing counterparties and could incur financial losses as a result of defaults by other clearing members due to the requirements of clearing members to share losses. Additionally, due to the interconnectedness among financial institutions, concerns about the creditworthiness of or defaults by a financial institution could spread to other financial market participants and result in market-wide losses and disruption. For example, the failure of regional banks and other banking stresses in recent years resulted in market volatility across the financial sector.
While Citi provides reserves for expected losses for its credit exposures, as applicable, such reserves are subject to judgments and estimates that could be incorrect or differ from actual future events. For additional information, see the incorrect assumptions or estimates risk factor above.
Concentrations of risk to clients or counterparties engaged in the same or related industries or doing business in a particular geography, or to a particular product or asset class, especially credit and market risks,