associations that claim to represent certain groups of merchants, allege, among other things, that defendants have engaged in conspiracies to set the price of interchange and merchant discount fees on credit and debit card transactions and to restrain trade unreasonably through various Visa and MasterCard rules governing merchant conduct, all in violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act and certain California statutes. Plaintiffs further allege violations of Section 2 of the Sherman Act. Supplemental complaints also were filed against
defendants in the putative class actions alleging that Visa’s and MasterCard’s respective initial public offerings were anticompetitive and violated Section 7 of the Clayton Act, and that MasterCard’s initial public offering constituted a fraudulent conveyance.
In 2014, the district court entered a final judgment approving the terms of a class settlement. Various objectors appealed from the final class settlement approval order to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. In 2016, the Court of Appeals reversed the district court’s approval of the class settlement and remanded for further proceedings. The district court thereafter appointed separate counsel for a putative class seeking damages and a putative class seeking injunctive relief. Amended or new complaints on behalf of the putative classes and various individual merchants were subsequently filed, including a further amended complaint on behalf of a putative damages class and a new complaint on behalf of a putative injunctive class, both of which named Citigroup, Citibank, and Citicorp LLC. In addition, numerous merchants have filed amended or new complaints against Visa, MasterCard, and in some instances one or more issuing banks, including Citigroup, Citibank, and Citicorp Payment Services.
In 2019, the district court granted the damages class plaintiffs’ motion for final approval of a new settlement with the defendants. The settlement involves the damages class only and does not settle the claims of the injunctive relief class or any actions brought on a non-class basis by individual merchants. The settlement provides for a cash payment to the damages class of $
6.24
billion, later reduced by $
700
million based on the transaction volume of class members that opted out from the settlement. Several merchants and merchant groups appealed the final approval order. In September 2021, the court granted the injunctive relief class plaintiffs’ motion to certify a non-opt-out class. On March 15, 2023, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirmed the district court’s final approval of the damages class settlement and remanded the case back to the district court for administration of the settlement claims process. On January 8, 2024, the district court issued decisions on two pending motions for summary judgment. It granted in part and denied in part defendants’ motions for summary judgment. The district court also denied