deposit base at higher rate levels, as well as the prepayment effects on mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities.
The magnitude of the impact to
AOCI
is greater in the short end compared to the long end. This is because Citi’s investment portfolio and pension liabilities are more sensitive to rates at shorter- and intermediate-term maturities.
72
Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates—Impacts on
AOCI
and Capital
As of March 31, 2025, Citi estimates that an unanticipated parallel instantaneous 5% appreciation of the U.S. dollar against all of the other currencies in which Citi has invested capital could reduce Citi’s tangible common equity (TCE) by approximately $1.5 billion, or 1.0%, as a result of changes to Citi’s CTA in
AOCI
, net of hedges. This reduction in the TCE would be primarily driven by depreciation in the value of the euro, Mexican peso and Indian rupee.
This reduction in the TCE does not reflect any mitigating actions Citi may take, including ongoing management of its foreign currency translation exposure. TCE is used as a simplified metric to manage CET1 capital ratio volatility. Specifically, as currency movements change the value of Citi’s net investments in foreign currency-denominated
capital, these movements also change the value of Citi’s RWA denominated in those same currencies. This, coupled with Citi’s foreign currency hedging strategies, such as foreign currency borrowings, foreign currency forwards and other currency hedging instruments, lessens the impact of foreign currency movements on Citi’s CET1 Capital ratio. Changes in these hedging strategies, as well as hedging costs, divestitures and tax impacts, can further affect the actual impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on Citi’s capital compared to an unanticipated parallel shock, as described above.
The effect of Citi’s ongoing management strategies with respect to quarterly changes in foreign exchange rates (versus the U.S. dollar), and the quarterly impact of these changes on Citi’s TCE and CET1 Capital ratio, are presented in the table below. See Note 19 for additional information on the changes in
AOCI
.
(1)     FX spot rate change is a weighted average based on Citi’s quarterly average GAAP capital exposure to foreign countries. A negative change in FX spot rate represents foreign currency depreciation versus the U.S. dollar.
73
Interest Income/Expense and Net Interest Margin (NIM)
(1)
Interest income
and
Net interest income
include the taxable equivalent gross-up adjustments (TEGU) primarily related to the tax-exempt bond portfolio and certain tax-advantaged loan programs of $26 million, $25 million and $23 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively.
(2)
Interest expense associated with certain hybrid financial instruments, which are classified as
Long-term debt
and accounted for at fair value, is reported together with any changes in fair value as part of
Principal transactions
in the