of which was funded exposure with 100% rated investment grade) as of December 31, 2023.
(5)    In addition to this exposure, Citi has energy-related exposure within the public sector (e.g., energy-related state-owned entities) and the transportation and industrials sector (e.g., offshore drilling entities) included in the table above. As of December 31, 2023, Citi’s total exposure to these energy-related entities was approximately $4.9 billion, of which approximately $2.5 billion consisted of direct outstanding funded loans.
(6)    Includes $0.6 billion and $0.1 billion of funded and unfunded exposure at December 31, 2023, respectively, primarily related to commercial credit card delinquency-managed loans.
76
Credit Risk Mitigation
As part of its overall risk management activities, Citigroup uses credit derivatives, both partial and full term, and other risk mitigants to economically hedge portions of the credit risk in its corporate credit portfolio, in addition to outright asset sales. In advance of the expiration of partial-term economic hedges, Citi will determine, among other factors, the economic feasibility of hedging the remaining life of the instrument. The results of the mark-to-market and any realized gains or losses on credit derivatives are reflected primarily in
Principal transactions
in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
At December 31, 2024, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
Banking
had economic hedges on the corporate credit portfolio of $37.8 billion, $39.7 billion and $35.9 billion, respectively. Citi’s expected credit loss model used in the calculation of its ACL does not include the favorable impact of credit derivatives and other mitigants that are marked-to-market. In addition, the reported amounts of direct outstandings and unfunded lending commitments in the tables above do not reflect the impact of these hedging transactions. The credit protection was economically hedging underlying
Banking
corporate credit portfolio exposures with the following risk rating distribution:
Rating of Hedged Exposure
77
Loan Maturities and Fixed/Variable Pricing of Corporate Loans
(1)    North America includes the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico. Mexico is included in offices outside North America. The classification between offices in North America and outside North America is based on the domicile of the booking unit. The differences between the domicile of the booking unit and the domicile of the managing unit are not material.
(2)    Loans secured primarily by real estate.
(3)    Corporate loans are net of unearned income of $(969) million. Unearned income on corporate loans primarily represents loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, that are deferred and recognized as
Interest income
over the lives of the related loans.
(4)    Excludes $(72) million of unallocated portfolio-layer cumulative basis adjustments at December 31, 2024.
(5)    Based on contractual terms. Repricing characteristics may