unsecured long-term debt may not be sufficient to repay the amounts owed to such debt holders in the event of a bankruptcy or other resolution proceeding of Citigroup. For additional information on Citi’s single point of entry resolution plan strategy and the IHC and secured support agreement, see “Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk” below.
On November 22, 2022, the FRB and FDIC issued feedback on the resolution plans filed on July 1, 2021 by the eight U.S. GSIBs, including Citigroup. The FRB and FDIC jointly identified one shortcoming in Citigroup’s 2021 resolution plan. The shortcoming related to data integrity and
54
data quality management issues, specifically, weaknesses in Citi’s processes and practices for producing certain data that could materially impact its resolution capabilities. On June 20, 2024, the FRB and FDIC issued feedback on the resolution plans filed on July 1, 2023 by the eight U.S. GSIBs, including Citigroup. The FRB and FDIC jointly identified one shortcoming in Citigroup’s 2023 resolution plan regarding Citi’s derivatives unwind capabilities. If a shortcoming is not satisfactorily explained or addressed before, or in, the submission of the next resolution plan, the shortcoming may be found to be a deficiency in the next resolution plan (see discussion below). Citi is required to submit a targeted resolution plan by July 1, 2025. More generally, data continues to be a subject of regulatory focus, and Citi continues to work on enhancing its data availability and quality (see “Citi’s Multiyear Transformation” above and the legal and regulatory proceedings risk factor below).
Under Title I, if the FRB and the FDIC jointly determine that Citi’s resolution plan is not “credible” (which, although not defined, is generally understood to mean the regulators do not believe the plan is feasible or would otherwise allow Citi to be resolved in a way that protects systemically important functions without severe systemic disruption), or would not facilitate an orderly resolution of Citi under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, and Citi fails to resubmit a resolution plan that remedies any identified deficiencies, Citi could be subjected to more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements, or restrictions on its growth, activities or operations. If within two years from the imposition of any such requirements or restrictions Citi has still not remediated any identified deficiencies, then Citi could eventually be required to divest certain assets or operations. Any such restrictions or actions would negatively impact Citi’s reputation, market and investor perception, operations and strategy.
Citi’s Performance and Its Ability to Effectively Execute Its Transformation, Simplification and Other Priorities Could Be Negatively Impacted if It Is Not Able to Hire and Retain Qualified Employees.
Citi’s performance and the performance of its individual businesses largely depend on the talents and efforts of its diverse and highly qualified