macroeconomic variables, including housing prices, unemployment rate and real GDP, and cover a wide range of geographic, industry, product and business segments.
In addition, Citi’s models determine expected credit losses based on portfolio characteristics, including loan delinquencies, changes in portfolio size, default frequency, risk ratings and loss recovery rates, as well as other credit trends.
Qualitative Component
The qualitative management adjustment component includes risks that are not fully captured in the quantitative component. These may include but are not limited to portfolio characteristics, idiosyncratic events, factors not within historical loss data or the economic forecast, uncertainty in the credit environment and other factors as required by banking supervisory guidance for the ACL. The primary examples of these are the following:
•
Transfer risk associated with exposures outside the U.S., driven by certain safety and soundness considerations under U.S. banking law
•
Potential impacts on vulnerable industries and regions due to emerging macroeconomic risks and uncertainties, including those related to a potential global recession, inflation, interest rates and commodity prices.
•
Risk associated with consumer payment behavior given the elevated inflationary and interest rate environment
As of the first quarter of 2025, Citi’s qualitative component of the ACL decreased quarter-over-quarter. The decrease was primarily driven by a reduction in qualitative reserves associated with consumer payment behavior related to the elevated inflationary and interest rate environments, which are now captured in the quantitative component, partially offset by a build for specific risks and uncertainties impacting vulnerable industries and regions, as well as an increase in transfer risk associated with exposures outside the U.S. for safety and soundness considerations under U.S. banking law.
Macroeconomic Variables
As further discussed below, Citi considers various global macroeconomic variables for the base, upside and downside probability-weighted macroeconomic scenario forecasts it uses to estimate the quantitative component of the ACL. Citi’s forecasts of the U.S. unemployment rate and U.S. real GDP
growth rate represent the key macroeconomic variables that most significantly affect its estimate of the ACL.
The tables below present Citi’s forecasted quarterly average U.S. unemployment rate and year-over-year U.S. real GDP growth rate used in determining the base macroeconomic forecast for Citi’s ACL at each quarterly reporting period from the first quarter of 2024 to the first quarter of 2025:
(1)    Represents the average unemployment rate for the rolling, forward-looking eight quarters in the forecast horizon.
(1)    The year-over-year growth rate is the percentage change in the real (inflation adjusted) GDP level.
Under the base macroeconomic forecast as of the first quarter of 2025, U.S. real GDP growth is expected to slow during