assets of the Company’s pension plans are diversified to limit the impact of any individual investment. The U.S. qualified pension plan is diversified across multiple asset classes, with publicly traded fixed income, hedge funds, private equity and publicly traded equity representing the most significant asset allocations. Investments in these four asset classes are further diversified across funds, managers, strategies, vintages, sectors and geographies, depending on the specific characteristics of each asset class. The pension assets for the Company’s non-U.S. Significant Plans are primarily invested in publicly traded fixed income and publicly traded equity securities.
Oversight and Risk Management Practices
The framework for the Company’s pension oversight process includes monitoring of retirement plans by plan fiduciaries and/or management at the global, cluster or country level, as appropriate. Independent Risk Management contributes to the risk oversight and monitoring for the Company’s U.S. Qualified Pension Plan and non-U.S. Significant Pension Plans. Although the specific components of the oversight process are tailored to the requirements of each cluster, country and plan, the following elements are common to the Company’s monitoring and risk management process:
•
periodic asset/liability management studies and strategic asset allocation reviews;
•
periodic monitoring of funding levels and funding ratios;
•
periodic monitoring of compliance with asset allocation guidelines;
•
periodic monitoring of asset class and/or investment manager performance against benchmarks; and
•
periodic risk capital analysis and stress testing.
Estimated Future Benefit Payments
The Company expects to pay the following estimated benefit payments in future years:
Post Employment Plans
The Company sponsors U.S. post employment plans that provide income continuation and health and welfare benefits to certain eligible U.S. employees on long-term disability.
The following table summarizes the funded status and amounts recognized on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet:
The following table summarizes the net expense recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income for the Company’s U.S. post employment plans:
Defined Contribution Plans
The Company sponsors defined contribution plans in the U.S. and in certain non-U.S. locations, all of which are administered in accordance with local laws. The most significant defined contribution plan is the Citi Retirement Savings Plan sponsored by the Company in the U.S.
Under the Citi Retirement Savings Plan, eligible U.S. employees received matching contributions of up to
6
% of their eligible compensation for 2024 and 2023, subject to statutory limits. In addition, for eligible employees whose eligible compensation is $
100,000
or less, a fixed contribution of up to
2
% of eligible compensation is provided. All Company contributions are invested according to participants’ individual elections.
The following tables