the retrospective method permitted. Citi plans to adopt the ASU for the annual reporting period beginning on January 1, 2025, and is currently evaluating the impact of the ASU on disclosures.
163
2.
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS, SIGNIFICANT DISPOSALS AND OTHER BUSINESS EXITS
Summary of Discontinued Operations
Citi’s results from
Discontinued operations
consisted of residual activities related to the sales of the Egg Banking plc credit card business in 2011 and the German retail banking business in 2008. All
Discontinued operations
results are recorded within
All Other.
The following table summarizes financial information for all
Discontinued operations
:
During 2022, the Company finalized the settlement of certain liabilities related to its legacy consumer operation in the U.K. (the legacy operation), including an indemnification liability related to its sale of the Egg Banking business in 2011, which led to the substantial liquidation of the legacy operation. As a result, a CTA pretax loss (net of hedges) in
AOCI
of approximately $
400
million ($
345
million after-tax) was released to earnings in 2022 related to the legacy operation. Out of the total CTA release, a $
260
million pretax loss ($
221
million after-tax loss) was attributable to the Egg Banking business noted above, reported in
Discontinued operations
, and therefore the corresponding CTA release was also reported in
Discontinued operations
during 2022. The remaining CTA release of a $
140
million pretax loss ($
124
million after-tax loss) related to Legacy Holdings Assets was reported as part of
Continuing operations
within
All Other
—Legacy Franchises
.
While the legacy operation was divested in multiple sales over the years, each transaction did not result in substantial liquidation given that Citi retained certain liabilities noted above. These liabilities were gradually settled over time until reaching the point of substantial liquidation during 2022, triggering the release of the CTA loss to earnings.
Cash flows from
Discontinued operations
were not material for the periods presented.
164
Significant Disposals
As of December 31, 2024, Citi had closed the sales of
nine
consumer banking businesses within
All Other
—Legacy Franchises: Australia closed in the second quarter of 2022, the Philippines closed in the third quarter of 2022, Bahrain, Malaysia and Thailand closed in the fourth quarter of 2022, India and Vietnam closed in the first quarter of 2023, Taiwan closed in the third quarter of 2023 and Indonesia closed in the fourth quarter of 2023.
Five
of these sales were identified as significant disposals and are included in the table below. The gains and losses from the sales are included in the footnotes to the table below and represent life-to-date amounts, periodically updated due to post-closing purchase price adjustments. As of December 31, 2024, there were no remaining assets or liabilities included on Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet related to the significant disposals: