in Russia, which Citi is required by local regulation to hold at the DIA. Citi is unable to remit these funds, which are held at clients’ risk, to these clients due to restrictions imposed by the Russian government.
(4)    Clients’ exposure of $9.0 billion as of March 31, 2025 primarily consists of corporate dividends that Citi cannot remit to its clients due to restrictions imposed by the Russian government and are held with the DIA.
(5)    Citigroup’s CTA loss of $1.6 billion as of March 31, 2025 included in its
AOCI
related to its indirect subsidiary, AO Citibank, and $1.1 billion of intercompany liabilities owed by AO Citibank to other Citi entities outside Russia are excluded from the above table. Citi has separately described these amounts in “Deconsolidation Risk” below.
82
During the first quarter of 2025, Citi’s Russia-related exposures increased $0.4 billion to $2.0 billion and total clients’ exposures increased $1.6 billion to $9.0 billion, both primarily driven by appreciation of the Russian ruble. As discussed in the table above, clients’ exposures primarily consist of corporate dividends that Citi cannot remit to its clients due to restrictions imposed by the Russian government and are held with the DIA at clients’ risk.
Citi’s net investment in Russia was less than $0.1 billion as of March 31, 2025 (unchanged from December 31, 2024). Citi hedges its Russian ruble/U.S. dollar spot FX exposure in
AOCI
through the purchase of FX derivatives. The ongoing mark-to-market of the hedging derivatives is also reported in
AOCI
. When the Russian ruble depreciates against the U.S. dollar, the U.S. dollar equivalent value of Citigroup’s investment in AO Citibank also declines. This change in value is offset by the change in value of the hedging instrument (FX derivative). Going forward, Citi may record devaluations on its net ruble-denominated assets in earnings, without the benefit from a change in the fair value of derivative positions used to economically hedge the exposures.
Earnings and Other Impacts on Citi’s Businesses
Services
,
Markets
,
Banking
and
All Other
—Legacy Franchises results have been impacted by various macroeconomic factors and volatilities, including the war in Ukraine and its direct and indirect impacts on the European and global economies. For a broader discussion of the impacts of these factors and volatilities on Citi’s businesses, see “Executive Summary” and each business’s results of operations above.
As of March 31, 2025, Citigroup’s ACL included less than $0.1 billion of remaining credit reserves for Citi’s direct Russian counterparties (largely unchanged from December 31, 2024). This ACL balance for Citi’s direct Russian counterparties does not include the additional reserves for transfer risk associated with exposures in Russia, which are included in the ACL on
Other assets
.
Citi’s Wind-Down of Its Russia Operations
In August 2022, Citi disclosed its decision to wind down its Russia consumer, local commercial