expense
based on whether the hedged item is an asset or a liability.
Hedging of Foreign Exchange Risk
Citigroup hedges the change in fair value attributable to foreign exchange rate movements in available-for-sale debt securities and long-term debt that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity holding the securities or issuing the debt. The hedging instrument is generally a forward foreign exchange contract or a cross-currency swap contract. Changes in the fair value of the forward points (i.e., the spot-forward difference) of forward contracts are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are generally reflected directly in earnings over the life of the hedge. Citi also excludes changes in the fair value of cross-currency basis associated with cross-currency swaps from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and records them in
Other comprehensive income.
Hedging of Commodity Price Risk
Citigroup hedges the change in fair value attributable to spot price movements in physical commodities inventories. The hedging instrument is a futures contract to sell the underlying commodity. In this hedge, the change in the carrying value of the hedged inventory is reflected in earnings, which offsets the change in the fair value of the futures contract that is also reflected in earnings. Although the entire change in the fair value of the hedging instrument is recorded in earnings, under certain hedge programs, Citigroup excludes changes in the fair value of the forward points (i.e., spot-forward difference) of the futures contract from the assessment of hedge effectiveness, and they are generally reflected directly in earnings over the life of the hedge. Under other hedge programs, Citi excludes changes in the fair value of forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and records them in
Other comprehensive income
.
Cumulative Basis Adjustment
Upon electing to apply ASC 815 fair value hedge accounting, the carrying value of the hedged item is adjusted to reflect the cumulative changes in the hedged risk. This cumulative basis adjustment becomes part of the carrying amount of the hedged item until the hedged item is derecognized from the balance sheet.
Cash Flow Hedges
Citigroup hedges the variability of forecasted cash flows due to changes in contractually specified interest rates associated with floating-rate assets/liabilities and other forecasted transactions. Variable cash flows from those liabilities are synthetically converted to fixed-rate cash flows by entering into receive-variable, pay-fixed interest rate swaps and receive-variable, pay-fixed forward-starting interest rate swaps. Variable cash flows associated with certain assets are synthetically converted to fixed-rate cash flows by entering into receive-fixed, pay-variable interest rate swaps. These cash flow hedging relationships use either regression analysis or dollar-offset ratio analysis to assess whether the hedging