individual entity, region, country and business levels. Pursuant to this approach, Citi’s HQLA are managed with emphasis on asset/liability management and entity-level liquidity adequacy throughout Citi.
Citi’s CRO and CFO co-chair Citigroup’s ALCO, which includes Citi’s Treasurer and other senior executives. The ALCO sets the strategy of the liquidity portfolio and monitors portfolio performance (see “Risk Governance—Board and Executive Management Committees” above). Significant changes to portfolio asset allocations are approved by the ALCO. Citi also has other ALCOs, which are established at various organizational levels to ensure appropriate oversight for individual entities, countries, franchise businesses and regions, serving as the primary governance committees for managing Citi’s balance sheet and liquidity.
As a supplement to Citigroup’s ALCO, Citi’s Funding and Liquidity Risk Committee (FLRC) is focused on funding and liquidity risk matters. The FLRC reviews and discusses the funding and liquidity risk profile of, as well as risk management practices for, Citigroup and Citibank and reports its findings and recommendations to each relevant ALCO as appropriate.
Liquidity Monitoring and Measurement
Stress Testing
Liquidity stress testing is performed for each of Citi’s major entities, operating subsidiaries and countries. Stress testing and scenario analyses are intended to quantify the potential impact of an adverse liquidity event on the balance sheet and liquidity position, in order to have sufficient liquidity on hand to manage through such an event. These scenarios include assumptions about significant changes in key funding sources, market triggers (such as credit ratings), potential uses of funding and macroeconomic, geopolitical and other conditions. These conditions include expected and stressed market conditions as well as Company-specific events.
Liquidity stress tests are performed to ascertain potential mismatches between liquidity sources and uses over a variety of time horizons and over different stressed conditions. To monitor the liquidity of an entity, these stress tests and potential mismatches are calculated on a daily basis.
Given the range of potential stresses, Citi maintains contingency funding plans on a consolidated basis and for individual entities. These plans specify a wide range of readily available actions for a variety of adverse market conditions or idiosyncratic stresses.
94
High-Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA)
Note: The amounts in the table above are presented on an average basis. For securities, the amounts represent the liquidity value that potentially could be realized and, therefore, exclude any securities that are encumbered and incorporate any haircuts applicable under the U.S. LCR rule. The table above incorporates various restrictions that could limit the transferability of liquidity between legal entities, including Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act. Changes in HQLA line categories from the