performance of the portfolio.
(4)
Includes guarantees of subsidiaries.
(5)
In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company entered into an agreement that indemnifies certain subsidiaries of the Company against certain matters related to the business operated by the Company through other subsidiaries, including certain existing, as well as potential future, legal proceedings, including tax matters. Certain of such indemnification obligations have no stated expiration date and are not subject to specific limitations on the maximum potential amount of future payments that the Company could be required to make. The Company is not able to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments to be made under this agreement because the triggering events are not predictable.
195
Loans Sold with Recourse
In addition to the amounts presented in the tables above, the repurchase reserve was approximately $
13
million and $
12
million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, and these amounts are included in
Other liabilities
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Futures and Over-the-Counter Derivatives Clearing
Citi provides clearing services on central clearing parties (CCP) for clients that need to clear exchange-traded and over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives contracts with CCPs. As a clearing member, Citi is exposed to the risk of non-performance by clients (e.g., failure of a client to post variation margin to the CCP for negative changes in the value of the client’s derivative contracts). In the event of non-performance by a client, Citi would move to close out the client’s positions. The CCP would typically utilize initial margin posted by the client and held by the CCP, with any remaining shortfalls required to be paid by Citi as clearing member. Citi generally holds incremental cash or securities margin posted by the client, which would typically be expected to be sufficient to mitigate Citi’s credit risk in the event that the client fails to perform.
Carrying Value—Guarantees and Indemnifications
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the total carrying amounts of the liabilities related to the guarantees and indemnifications included in the tables above amounted to approximately $
1.0
billion and $
1.0
billion, respectively. The carrying value of financial and performance guarantees is included in
Other liabilities
.
Collateral
Cash collateral available to Citi to reimburse losses realized under these guarantees and indemnifications amounted to $
53.1
billion and $
49.0
billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Securities and other marketable assets held as collateral amounted to $
77.5
billion and $
62.5
billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The majority of collateral is held to reimburse losses realized under securities lending indemnifications. In addition, letters of credit in favor of Citi held as collateral amounted to $
2.8
billion and $
3.1
billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31,