into USD
each period. The CTA amount in EOP
AOCI
is a cumulative balance, net of tax.
CVA:
Credit valuation adjustment
DCM:
Debt Capital Markets
Delinquency managed:
Loans primarily evaluated for credit risk based on delinquencies, FICO scores and the value of underlying collateral.
Digital asset:
Anything created and stored digitally that is identifiable and discoverable, establishes ownership and has or provides value (e.g., cryptocurrency).
Divestiture-related impacts:
Citi’s results excluding divestiture-related impacts represent as reported, or GAAP, financial results adjusted for items that are incurred and recognized, which are wholly and necessarily a consequence of actions taken to sell (including through a public offering), dispose of or wind down business activities associated with Citi’s announced 14 exit markets.
Dividend payout ratio*:
Represents dividends declared per common share as a percentage of net income per diluted share.
DPD:
Days past due
DTA:
Deferred tax asset
DVA:
Debt valuation adjustment
ECM:
Equity Capital Markets
Efficiency ratio*:
A ratio signifying how much of a dollar in expenses (as a percentage) it takes to generate one dollar in revenue. Represents total operating expenses divided by total revenues, net.
EOP:
End-of-period
EPS*:
Earnings per share
EU:
European Union
Fannie Mae:
Federal National Mortgage Association
FASB:
Financial Accounting Standards Board
FCA:
Financial Conduct Authority
FDIC:
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Reserve Board (FRB):
The Board of the Governors of the Federal Reserve System
FFIEC:
Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council
FHA:
Federal Housing Administration
FHLB:
Federal Home Loan Bank
FICO:
Fair Issac Corporation
FICO score:
A measure of consumer credit risk provided by credit bureaus, typically produced from statistical models by Fair Isaac Corporation utilizing data collected by the credit bureaus.
FINRA:
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
FRB:
Federal Reserve Board
Freddie Mac:
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
FVA:
Funding valuation adjustment
321
FX:
Foreign exchange
FX translation:
The impact of converting non-U.S. dollar currencies into U.S. dollars.
GAAP or U.S. GAAP:
Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.
Ginnie Mae:
Government National Mortgage Association
GSIB:
Global Systemically Important Bank
HFI loans:
Loans that are held-for-investment (i.e., excludes loans held-for-sale).
HFS:
Held-for-sale
HQLA:
High-quality liquid assets. Consist of cash and certain high-quality liquid securities as defined in the LCR rule.
HTM:
Held-to-maturity
Hyperinflation:
Extreme economic inflation with prices rising at a very high rate in a very short time. Under U.S. GAAP, entities operating in a hyperinflationary economy need to change their functional currency to the U.S. dollar. Once the change is made, the CTA balance is frozen.
IMF:
International Monetary Fund
Interchange revenue:
Fees earned from merchants based