reputation, customers, clients, businesses or results of operations and financial condition. Cyber-related and other operational incidents can also result in legal and regulatory actions or proceedings, fines and other costs (see the legal and regulatory proceedings risk factor below).
Citi will need to continue to increase its operational resilience, ensuring important business services and their impact tolerance time and severity scales are clearly defined. Failure to do so could expose Citi to service disruptions identified through scenario testing, leading to harms to Citi clients, market integrity, financial stability or Citi safety and soundness.
For information on Citi’s management of operational risk, see “Managing Global Risk—Operational Risk” below.
Citi’s and Third Parties’ Computer Systems and Networks Will Continue to Be Susceptible to an Increasing Risk of Continually Evolving, Sophisticated Cybersecurity Incidents That Could Result in the Theft, Loss, Non-Availability, Misuse or Disclosure of Confidential Client or Customer Information, Damage to Citi’s Reputation, Additional Costs to Citi, Regulatory Penalties, Legal Exposure and Financial Losses.
Citi’s computer systems, software and networks are subject to ongoing attempted cyberattacks, such as unauthorized access, loss or destruction of data (including confidential client information), account takeovers, disruptions of service, phishing, malware, ransomware, computer viruses or other malicious code and other similar events. These threats can arise from external parties, including cyber criminals, cyber terrorists, hacktivists (individuals or groups using cyberattacks to promote a political or social agenda) and nation-state actors, as well as insiders who knowingly or unknowingly engage in or enable malicious cyber activities. For example, nation-state actors have recently targeted critical U.S. infrastructure with cyberattacks.
Citi develops its own software and relies on third-party applications and software, which are susceptible to vulnerability exploitations. Software leveraged in financial services and other industries continues to be impacted by an increasing number of zero-day vulnerabilities, thus increasing inherent cyber risk to Citi.
The increasing use of mobile and other digital banking platforms and services, cloud technologies, new and emerging technologies (such as AI) and connectivity solutions to facilitate remote working for Citi’s employees all increase Citi’s exposure to cybersecurity risks. Citi is also susceptible to cyberattacks given, among other things, its size and scale, high-profile brand, global footprint and prominent role in the financial system, as well as the ongoing wind-down of its
57
businesses in Russia (see the emerging markets risk factor and “Managing Global Risk—Other Risks—Country Risk—Russia” below). Additionally, Citi continues to operate in multiple jurisdictions in the midst of geopolitical unrest or uncertainties, including the