at fair value through earnings.
Changes in fair value for transactions in these portfolios are recorded in
Principal transactions
. The related interest income and interest expense are measured based on the contractual rates specified in the transactions and are reported as
Interest income
and
Interest expense
in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
Loans and Other Credit Products
Citigroup has also elected the fair value option for certain other originated and purchased loans, including certain unfunded loan products, such as guarantees and letters of credit, executed by Citigroup’s lending and trading businesses. Significant groups of transactions include loans and unfunded loan products that are expected to be either sold or securitized in the near term, or transactions where the economic risks are hedged with derivative instruments, such as purchased credit default swaps or total return swaps where the Company pays the total return on the underlying loans to a third party. Citigroup has elected the fair value option to mitigate accounting mismatches in cases where hedge accounting is complex and to achieve operational simplifications. Fair value was not elected for most lending transactions across the Company.
The following table provides information about certain credit products carried at fair value:
In addition to the amounts reported above, $
280
million and $
391
million of unfunded commitments related to certain credit products selected for fair value accounting were outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
288
Changes in the fair value of funded and unfunded credit products are classified in
Principal transactions
in Citi’s Consolidated Statement of Income. Related interest income is measured based on the contractual interest rates and reported as
Interest income
on
Trading account assets
or loan interest depending on the balance sheet classifications of the credit products. The changes in fair value for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 due to instrument-specific credit risk were a loss of $
38
million and a gain of $
39
million, respectively. Changes in fair value due to instrument-specific credit risk are estimated based on changes in borrower-specific credit spreads and recovery assumptions.
Certain Investments in Unallocated Precious Metals
Citigroup invests in unallocated precious metals accounts (e.g., gold, silver, platinum and palladium) as part of its commodity trading activities. Under ASC 815, the investment is bifurcated into a debt host contract and a commodity derivative instrument. Citigroup elects the fair value option for the debt host contract and reports the contract within
Trading account assets
on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. The total carrying amount of debt host contracts across unallocated precious metals accounts was approximately $
0.9
billion and $
0.6
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
As part of its commodity trading activities, Citi trades