Providing a range of internal development and rotational programs to employees at all levels, including an extensive leadership curriculum, allowing the opportunity to build the skills needed to transition to supervisory and managerial roles. Citi’s tuition assistance program further enables employees in North America to pursue their educational goals.
•
Continuing to focus on internal talent development and aims to provide employees with career growth opportunities. There was a total of 39,700 mobility opportunities filled in 2024. These opportunities are particularly important as Citi focuses on providing career paths for its internal talent base as part of its efforts to increase organic growth within the organization.
•
Continuing to encourage all employees to create developmental plans and consider the competencies and skills they need to develop in order to achieve their career aspirations. In 2023, Citi launched a “Development 365” campaign that drove significant increases in the number of employees across Citi who had developmental plans and conversations with their managers.
Pay Transparency and Pay Equity
In addition, Citi has continued its effort to support its global workforce, including taking actions with respect to pay equity.
Citi values pay transparency and has taken significant action to provide managers and other employees with greater clarity about Citi’s compensation philosophy. Citi has introduced market-based salary structures and bonus opportunity guidelines in various countries worldwide, and posts salary ranges on all external U.S. job postings, which aligns with strategic objectives of pay equity and transparency.
In addition, Citi has focused on measuring and addressing pay equity within the organization.
Citi’s annual pay equity analysis for 2024 determined that on an adjusted basis, global gender and U.S. racial pay gaps are in each case less than 1%. The adjusted pay gap is a true measure of pay equity, or “like for like,” that compares the compensation of women to men and U.S. minorities to non-minorities when adjusting for factors such as job function, title/level and geography.
Benefits and Well-being
Citi is proud to provide a wide range of benefits that support its employees’ mental, social, physical and financial well-being through various life stages and events. Such benefits contribute to Citi’s ability to attract, engage and retain employees.
Among the benefits Citi offers are mental health counseling for employees and their family members, access to onsite medical care clinics, fitness centers, subsidized gym memberships and virtual physical therapy in several locations, and leave programs, including parental and caregiver leaves in certain locations to continue to support employees and their families.
In addition, Citi was the first major U.S. bank to publicly embrace a flexible, hybrid work model, which Citi fully implemented across the organization. Most of Citi’s employees now work in hybrid roles,