interest rate and other monetary policies; unemployment, recessions or weak or slowing economic growth; elevated inflation and hyperinflation; foreign exchange controls; macroeconomic, geopolitical and domestic political challenges, uncertainties and volatility; cyberattacks; restrictions arising from retaliatory laws and regulations; sanctions or asset freezes; sovereign debt volatility; fluctuations in commodity prices; regulatory changes, including potential conflicts among regulations with other jurisdictions where Citi does business; limitations on foreign investment; sociopolitical instability;
93
nationalization or loss of licenses; closure of branches or subsidiaries; confiscation of assets; and the need to record CTA and other losses, as well as additional reserves for expected losses for credit exposures based on the transfer risk associated with exposures outside the U.S., driven by safety and soundness considerations under U.S. banking law.
Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Citigroup speak only as to the date they are made, and Citi does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date that the forward-looking statements were made.
94
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES—TABLE OF CONTENTS
95
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
96
(1)
Effective January 1, 2025, certain transaction processing fees paid by Citi, primarily to credit card networks, which were previously presented within
Other operating
expenses, are presented as contra-revenue within
Commissions and fees
reported in
Non-interest revenue
. Prior periods were conformed to reflect this change in presentation.
(2)
In accordance with ASC 326, which requires the provision for credit losses on AFS debt securities to be included in revenue. The Total provisions for credit losses and for benefits and claims excludes the provision for credit losses on AFS debt securities, which is disclosed separately above.
(3)
Due to rounding, earnings per share on continuing operations and discontinued operations may not sum to earnings per share on net income.
The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.
97
Statement continues on the next page.
98
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
Citigroup Inc. and Subsidiaries
(Continued)
The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
99
(1)
Common dividends declared were $
0.56
per share for 1Q25 and $
0.53
per share for 1Q24.
(2)
Includes treasury stock related to certain activity under Citi’s employee restricted or deferred stock programs where shares are withheld to satisfy employees’ tax requirements.
The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these Unaudited Consolidated