one dollar in revenue. Represents total operating expenses divided by total revenues, net.
EOP:
End-of-period
EPS*:
Earnings per share
EU:
European Union
Fannie Mae:
Federal National Mortgage Association
FASB:
Financial Accounting Standards Board
FCA:
Financial Conduct Authority
FDIC:
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Federal Reserve Board (FRB):
The Board of the Governors of the Federal Reserve System
FFIEC:
Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council
FHA:
Federal Housing Administration
FHLB:
Federal Home Loan Bank
FICO:
Fair Isaac Corporation
FICO score:
A measure of consumer credit risk provided by credit bureaus, typically produced from statistical models by Fair Isaac Corporation utilizing data collected by the credit bureaus.
FINRA:
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
FRB:
Federal Reserve Board
Freddie Mac:
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
FVA:
Funding valuation adjustment
207
FX:
Foreign exchange
FX translation:
The impact of converting non-U.S. dollar currencies into U.S. dollars.
GAAP or U.S. GAAP:
Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.
Ginnie Mae:
Government National Mortgage Association
GSIB:
Global Systemically Important Bank
HFI loans:
Loans that are held-for-investment (i.e., excludes loans held-for-sale).
HFS:
Held-for-sale
HQLA:
High-quality liquid assets. Consist of cash and certain high-quality liquid securities as defined in the LCR rule.
HTM:
Held-to-maturity
Hyperinflation:
Extreme economic inflation with prices rising at a very high rate in a very short time. Under U.S. GAAP, entities operating in a hyperinflationary economy need to change their functional currency to the U.S. dollar. Once the change is made, the CTA balance is frozen.
IMF:
International Monetary Fund
Interchange fees:
Fees earned from merchants based on Citi’s credit and debit card customer sales transactions. Interchange fees are presented net of certain transaction processing fees paid, primarily to the networks, on behalf of the merchant.
International region:
Comprises six clusters: United Kingdom; Japan, Asia North and Australia (JANA); LATAM; Asia South; Europe; and Middle East and Africa (MEA).
IPO:
Initial public offering
JANA:
Japan, Asia North and Australia
KPMG:
KPMG LLP, Citi’s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
LATAM:
Latin America
LCR:
Liquidity Coverage ratio. Represents HQLA divided by net outflows in the period.
LGD:
Loss given default
LIBOR:
London Interbank Offered Rate
LLC:
Limited Liability Company
LTD:
Long-term debt
LTV:
Loan-to-value. For residential real estate loans, the relationship, expressed as a percentage, between the principal amount of a loan and the estimated value of the collateral (i.e., residential real estate) securing the loan.
Managed basis:
Results reflected on a managed basis exclude divestiture-related impacts.
Master netting agreement:
A single agreement with a counterparty that permits multiple transactions governed by that agreement to be