subject to the complete control of a government, court, administrator, trustee or regulator); revocation of banking license; and loss of ability to elect a board of directors or appoint members of senior management.
In the event Citi deems there is a loss of control, for example, through expropriation of AO Citibank, Citi would be required to (i) write off the net investment of less than $0.1 billion (compared to $0.2 billion as of September 30, 2024), (ii) recognize a CTA loss of approximately $1.6 billion (unchanged from September 30, 2024) through earnings and (iii) recognize a loss of $0.9 billion (a $0.2 billion increase from September 30, 2024) on intercompany liabilities owed by AO Citibank to other Citi entities outside Russia. In the sole event of a substantial liquidation, as opposed to a loss of control, Citi would be required to recognize the CTA loss of approximately $1.6 billion through earnings and would evaluate its remaining net investment as circumstances evolve. The $1.6 billion CTA write-off through earnings under either event is expected to be largely equity neutral, since the reversal of the CTA loss out of
AOCI
would improve Citi’s total
AOCI
.
Citi as Paying Agent for Russia-related Clients
Citi serves or served as paying agent on bonds issued by various entities in Russia, including Russian corporate clients. Citi’s role as paying agent is administrative. In this role, Citi acts as an agent of its client, the bond issuer, receiving interest and principal payments from the bond issuer and then making payments to international central securities depositories (e.g., Depository Trust Company, Euroclear, Clearstream). The international central securities depositories (ICSDs) make payments to those participants or account holders (e.g., broker/dealers) that have clients who are investors in the applicable bonds (i.e., bondholders). As a paying agent, Citi generally does not have information about the identity of the bondholders. Citi may be exposed to risks due to its responsibilities for receiving and processing payments on behalf of its clients as a result of sanctions or other governmental requirements and prohibitions. To mitigate operational and sanctions risks, Citi has established policies, procedures and controls for client relationships and payment processing to help ensure compliance with U.S., U.K., EU and other jurisdictions’ sanctions laws.
These processes may require Citi to delay or withhold the processing of payments as a result of sanctions on the bond issuer. Citi is also prevented from making payments to accounts on behalf of bondholders should the ICSDs disclose
124
to Citi the presence of sanctioned bondholders. In both instances, Citi is generally required to segregate, restrict or block the funds until applicable sanctions are lifted or the payments are otherwise authorized under applicable law.
Reputational Risks
Citi has continued its efforts to enhance and protect its reputation with its employees,