counterparty are aggregated as a netting set for this purpose, since it is those net cash flows that are subject to nonperformance risk. This process identifies specific, point-in-time future cash flows that are subject to nonperformance and term funding risk, rather than using the current recognized net asset or liability as a basis to measure the CVA and FVA.
•
Second, for CVA, market-based views of default probabilities derived from observed credit spreads in the credit default swap (CDS) market are applied to the expected future cash flows determined in step one. Citi’s own credit CVA is determined using Citi-specific CDS spreads for the relevant tenor. Generally, counterparty CVA is determined using CDS spread indices for each
credit rating and tenor. For certain identified netting sets where individual analysis is practicable (e.g., exposures to counterparties with liquid CDSs), counterparty-specific CDS spreads are used. For FVA, a term structure of spreads is applied to the expected funding exposures (e.g., the market liquidity spread used to represent the term funding premium associated with certain OTC derivatives).
The CVA and FVA are designed to incorporate a market view of the credit and funding risk, respectively, inherent in the derivative portfolio. However, most unsecured derivative instruments are negotiated bilateral contracts and are not commonly transferred to third parties. Derivative instruments are normally settled contractually or, if terminated early, are terminated at a value negotiated bilaterally between the parties. Thus, the CVA and FVA may not be realized upon a settlement or termination in the normal course of business. In addition, all or a portion of these adjustments may be reversed or otherwise adjusted in future periods in the event of changes in the credit or funding risk associated with the derivative instruments.
The table below summarizes the CVA and FVA applied to the fair value of derivative instruments (recorded in
Trading account assets
and
Trading account liabilities
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet) at December 31, 2024 and 2023:
269
The table below summarizes pretax gains (losses) related to changes in CVA and FVA on derivative instruments, net of hedges (recorded in
Principal transactions revenue
in the Consolidated Statement of Income), and changes in debt valuation adjustments (DVA) on Citi’s own fair value option (FVO) liabilities (recorded in
Other comprehensive income
in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income) for the years indicated:
(1)    See Note 21.
Securities Purchased Under Agreements to Resell and Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase
As no quoted prices exist for these instruments, fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow technique. Cash flows are estimated based on the terms of the contract, taking into account any embedded derivatives or other features. These cash flows are discounted using interest rates appropriate to the maturity of the