collateral is typically estimated based on quoted market prices if available, appraisals or other internal valuation techniques.
Where the fair value of the related collateral is based on an appraised value, the loan is generally classified as Level 3. In addition, for corporate loans, appraisals of the collateral are often based on sales of similar assets; however, because the prices of similar assets require significant adjustments to reflect the unique features of the underlying collateral, these fair value measurements are generally classified as Level 3.
The fair value of non-marketable equity securities under the measurement alternative is based on observed transaction prices for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer, or an internal valuation technique in the case of an impairment. Where there are insufficient market observations to conclude the inputs are observable, where significant adjustments are made to the observed transaction prices or when an internal valuation technique is used, the security is classified as Level 3. Fair value may differ from the observed transaction price due to a number of factors, including marketability adjustments and differences in rights and obligations when the observed transaction is not for the identical investment held by Citi.
284
Valuation Techniques and Inputs for Level 3 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements
The following tables present the valuation techniques covering the majority of Level 3 nonrecurring fair value measurements and the most significant unobservable inputs used in those measurements:
(1)
The tables above include the fair values for the items listed and may not represent the total population for each category.
(2)
Some inputs are shown as zero due to rounding.
(3)
Weighted averages are calculated based on the fair values of the instruments.
(4)
Appraised values are disclosed in whole dollars.
(5)
Represents collateral-dependent loans held for investment for which the fair value of collateral is used to estimate expected credit losses, and whose carrying amount is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral less costs to sell, as applicable (primarily real estate).
Nonrecurring Fair Value Changes
The following table presents total nonrecurring fair value measurements for the period, included in earnings, attributable to the change in fair value relating to assets that were still held:
(1)
Represents collateral-dependent loans held for investment for which the fair value of collateral is used to estimate expected credit losses, and whose carrying amount is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral less costs to sell, as applicable (primarily real estate).
285
Estimated Fair Value of Financial Instruments Not Carried at Fair Value
The following tables present the carrying value and fair value of Citigroup’s financial instruments that are not carried at fair value. The tables below therefore exclude items measured at fair value on a recurring basis