customer and client protection, market practices, anti-money laundering, increasingly complex sanctions and disclosure regimes and various regulatory reporting requirements.
U.S. financial institutions also face increased expectations and scrutiny in the wake of the failures of several regional banks and other banking stresses in 2023. In addition, Citi is continually required to interpret and implement extensive and frequently changing regulatory and legislative requirements in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which it does business, which may overlap or conflict across jurisdictions, resulting in substantial compliance, regulatory and other risks and costs.
A failure to comply with these expectations and requirements, even if inadvertent, or resolve any identified deficiencies in a timely and sufficiently satisfactory manner to regulators, could result in increased regulatory oversight; material restrictions, including, among others, imposition of additional capital buffers and limitations on capital distributions; enforcement proceedings; penalties; and fines (see the capital return risk factor above and legal and regulatory proceedings risk factor below).
Moreover, over the past several years, Citi has been required to implement a large number of regulatory, supervisory and legislative changes, including new regulatory, supervisory or legislative requirements or regimes, across its businesses and functions, and these changes continue. The changes themselves may be complex and subject to interpretation, and result in changes to Citi’s businesses. In addition, the changes require continued substantial technology and other investments. In some cases, Citi’s implementation of a regulatory or legislative requirement is occurring simultaneously with changing or conflicting regulatory guidance from multiple jurisdictions (including various U.S. states) and regulators, legal challenges or legislative action to modify or repeal existing rules or enact new rules.
Examples of regulatory or legislative changes that have resulted in increased compliance risks and costs include (i) the U.S. regulatory capital framework and requirements, which have continued to evolve (see the capital return risk factor and “Capital Resources” above); (ii) various laws relating to the limitation of cross-border data movement and/or collection and use of customer information, including data localization and protection and privacy laws, which also can conflict with or increase compliance complexity with respect to other laws, including anti-money laundering laws; and (iii) the EU’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, which may overlap but also diverge from climate-related disclosure
requirements expected to come into effect in other jurisdictions.
Citi Is Subject to Extensive Legal and Regulatory Proceedings, Examinations, Investigations, Consent Orders and Related Compliance Efforts and Other Inquiries That Could Result in Large Monetary Penalties, Supervisory