the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K);
•
certain VIEs structured by third parties in which the Company holds securities in inventory, as these investments are made on arm’s-length terms;
•
certain positions in mortgage- and asset-backed securities held by the Company, which are classified as
Trading account assets
or
Investments
, in which the Company has no other involvement with the related securitization entity deemed to be significant (see Notes 13 and 23);
•
certain representations and warranties exposures in Citigroup residential mortgage securitizations, in which the original mortgage loan balances are no longer outstanding; and
•
VIEs such as preferred securities trusts used in connection with the Company’s funding activities. The Company does not have a variable interest in these trusts.
Consolidated VIEs
The Company engages in on-balance sheet securitizations, which are securitizations that do not qualify for sales treatment; thus, the assets remain on Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet, and any proceeds received are recognized as secured liabilities. In general, the third-party investors in the obligations of consolidated VIEs have legal recourse only to the assets of the respective VIEs and do not have such recourse to the Company, except where Citi has provided a guarantee to the investors or is the counterparty to certain derivative transactions involving the VIE. Thus, Citigroup’s maximum legal exposure to loss related to consolidated VIEs is significantly less than the carrying value of the consolidated VIE assets due to outstanding third-party financing.
Intercompany assets and liabilities are excluded from Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. All VIE assets are restricted from being sold or pledged as collateral. The cash flows from these assets are the only source used to pay down the associated liabilities, which are non-recourse to Citi’s general assets.
The asset balances for consolidated VIEs represent the carrying amounts of the assets consolidated by the Company. The carrying amount may represent the amortized cost or the current fair value of the assets depending on the classification of the asset (e.g., loan or security) and the associated accounting model ascribed to that classification.
The asset balances for unconsolidated VIEs in which the Company has significant involvement represent the most current information available to the Company. In most cases, the asset balances represent an amortized cost basis without regard to impairments, unless fair value information is readily available to the Company.
The maximum funded exposure represents the balance sheet carrying amount of the Company’s investment in the VIE. It reflects the initial amount of cash invested in the VIE, adjusted for any accrued interest and cash principal payments received. The carrying amount may also be adjusted for increases or declines in fair value or any impairment in value recognized in earnings. The maximum exposure