2025, while the unemployment rate is expected to increase in 2025 but begin to decline in 2026.
Scenario Weighting
Citi’s ACL is estimated using three probability-weighted macroeconomic scenarios—base, upside and downside. The macroeconomic scenario weights are estimated using a statistical model, which, among other factors, takes into consideration key macroeconomic drivers of the ACL, severity of the scenario and other sources of macroeconomic uncertainties and risks. Citi evaluates scenario weights on a quarterly basis.
Citi’s downside scenario incorporates more adverse macroeconomic assumptions than the base scenario. For example, compared to the base scenario, Citi’s downside scenario reflects a recession, including an elevated average U.S. unemployment rate of 6.7% over the eight-quarter R&S period, with a peak difference of 3.2% in the third quarter of 2026. To further illustrate the impact of the adverse macroeconomic assumptions in the downside scenario, the weighted-average U.S. unemployment rate that considers all three probability-weighted scenarios is 5.1%. The downside scenario also reflects a year-over-year U.S. real GDP contraction in 2025 of 0.8%, with a peak quarter-over-quarter difference to the base scenario of 1.2%.
87
Citi’s ACL is sensitive to the various macroeconomic scenarios that drive the quantitative component of expected credit losses, due to changes in the length and severity of forecasted economic variables or events in the respective scenarios. Citi’s downside scenario incorporates more adverse macroeconomic assumptions than the weighted scenario assumptions. To demonstrate this sensitivity, if Citi applied 100% weight to the downside scenario as of March 31, 2025 to reflect the most severe economic deterioration forecast in the macroeconomic scenarios, there would have been a hypothetical incremental increase in the ACL of approximately $5.3 billion related to lending exposures, except for loans individually evaluated for credit losses and other financial assets carried at amortized cost.
This analysis does not incorporate any impacts or changes to the qualitative component of the ACL. These factors could change the outcome of the sensitivity analysis based on historical experience and current conditions at the time of the assessment. Given the uncertainty inherent in macroeconomic forecasting, Citi continues to believe that its ACL estimate based on a three probability-weighted macroeconomic scenario approach combined with the qualitative component remains appropriate as of March 31, 2025.
1Q25 Changes in the ACL
As further discussed below, Citi’s ending ACL balance for the first quarter of 2025 was $22.8 billion, an increase of $0.6 billion from December 31, 2024. The net build of $0.2 billion in the quarter was driven by uncertainty and deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook and changes in portfolio composition in
USPB
, partially offset by lower end-of-period U.S. cards loan balances in
USPB
. Citi