and non-U.S. tax authorities regarding non-income-based tax matters. While Citi has appropriately reserved for such matters where there is a probable loss, and has disclosed reasonably possible losses, the outcome of the matters may be different than Citi’s expectations. Citi’s interpretations or application of the tax laws, including with respect to withholding, stamp, service and other non-income taxes, could differ from that of the relevant governmental taxing authority, which could result in the requirement to pay additional taxes, penalties or interest, the reduction of certain tax benefits or the requirement to make adjustments to amounts recorded, which could be material. See Note 30 for additional information on litigation and examinations involving non-U.S. tax authorities.
A Deterioration in or Failure to Maintain Citi’s Co-Branding or Private Label Credit Card Relationships Could Have a Negative Impact on Citi.
Citi has co-branding and private label relationships with various retailers and merchants through its Branded Cards and Retail Services credit card businesses in
USPB
, whereby in the ordinary course of business Citi issues credit cards to consumers, including customers of the retailers or merchants. The five largest relationships across both businesses in
USPB
constituted an aggregate of approximately 12% of Citi’s revenues in 2024 (see “
U.S. Personal Banking
” above). Citi’s co-branding and private label agreements often provide for shared economics between the parties and generally have a fixed term.
Competition among credit card issuers, including Citi, for these relationships is significant, and Citi may not be able to maintain such relationships on existing terms or at all. Citi’s co-branding and private label relationships could also be negatively impacted by, among other things, the general economic environment, including the impacts stemming from potential increases in unemployment, inflation or interest rates or lower economic growth rates, as well as a risk of recession; changes in consumer sentiment, spending patterns and credit card usage behaviors; a decline in sales and revenues, partner store closures, any reduction in air and business travel, or other operational difficulties of the retailer or merchant; changes in partner business strategies, including changes in products and services offered; termination or non-renewal of partner agreements, including early termination due to a contractual breach or exercise of other early termination right; or other factors, including bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, consolidations or other similar events, whether due to a challenging macroeconomic environment or otherwise.
These events, particularly early termination and bankruptcies or liquidations, could negatively impact the results of operations or financial condition of Branded Cards, Retail Services or Citi as a whole, including as a result of loss of revenues, increased expenses, higher cost of credit,