from untimely, inaccurate or incomplete processes and data. In 2020 Citigroup and Citibank entered into Consent Orders with the FRB and OCC that require Citigroup and Citibank to make improvements in various aspects of enterprise-wide risk management, compliance, data quality management related to governance, and internal controls (see the legal and regulatory proceedings risk factor below).
In addition, Citi’s risk management and other processes, strategies and models are inherently limited because they involve techniques, including the use of historical data in many circumstances, assumptions and judgments that cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome in the markets in which Citi operates, particularly given various macroeconomic, geopolitical and other challenges and uncertainties (see the macroeconomic challenges and uncertainties risk factor above), nor can they anticipate the specifics and timing of such outcomes. For example, many models used by Citi include assumptions about correlation or lack thereof among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators that may not necessarily hold in times of market stress, limited liquidity or other unforeseen
59
circumstances, or identify changes in markets or client behaviors not yet inherent in historical data.
Citi could incur significant losses, receive negative regulatory evaluation or examination findings or be subject to additional enforcement actions, and its regulatory capital, capital ratios and ability to return capital could be negatively impacted, if Citi’s risk management and other processes, including its ability to manage and aggregate data in a timely and accurate manner, strategies or models are deficient or ineffective. For additional information, see the capital return risk factor above and the heightened regulatory scrutiny and ongoing interpretation of regulatory changes risk factor below. Such deficiencies or ineffectiveness could also result in inaccurate financial, regulatory or risk reporting.
Moreover, Citi’s Basel III regulatory capital models, including its credit, market and operational risk models, currently remain subject to ongoing regulatory review and approval, which may result in refinements, modifications or enhancements (required or otherwise) to these models. Citi is required to notify and obtain preapproval from both the OCC and FRB prior to implementing certain risk-weighted asset treatments, as well as certain model changes, resulting in a more challenging environment within which Citi must operate in managing its risk-weighted assets. Modifications or requirements resulting from these ongoing reviews, as well as any future changes or guidance provided by the U.S. banking regulators regarding the U.S. regulatory capital framework applicable to Citi, including, but not limited to, potential revisions to the U.S. Basel III rules (see the capital return risk factor and “Capital Resources—Regulatory Capital Standards and Developments”