Capital as a percentage of quarterly adjusted average total assets less amounts deducted from Tier 1 Capital.
Supplementary Leverage Ratio
Citi is also required to calculate a Supplementary Leverage ratio (SLR), which differs from the Leverage ratio by including certain off-balance sheet exposures within the denominator of the ratio (Total Leverage Exposure). The SLR represents end-of-period Tier 1 Capital to Total Leverage Exposure. Total Leverage Exposure is defined as the sum of (i) the daily average of on-balance sheet assets for the quarter and (ii) the average of certain off-balance sheet exposures calculated as of the last day of each month in the quarter, less applicable Tier 1 Capital deductions. Advanced Approaches banking organizations are required to maintain a stated minimum SLR of 3.0%.
Further, U.S. GSIBs, including Citigroup, are subject to a 2.0% leverage buffer in addition to the 3.0% stated minimum SLR requirement, resulting in a 5.0% SLR. If a U.S. GSIB fails to exceed this requirement, it will be subject to increasingly stringent restrictions (depending upon the extent of the shortfall) on capital distributions and discretionary executive bonus payments.
Similarly, Citibank is required to maintain a minimum SLR of 6.0% to be considered “well capitalized” under the Prompt Corrective Action framework.
Regulatory Capital Treatment—Modified Transition of the Current Expected Credit Losses Methodology
In 2020, the U.S. banking agencies issued a final rule that modified the regulatory capital transition provision related to the current expected credit losses (CECL) methodology. The rule does not have any impact on U.S. GAAP accounting.
The rule permitted banks to delay for two years the “Day One” adverse regulatory capital effects resulting from adoption of the CECL methodology on January 1, 2020 until January 1, 2022, followed by a three-year transition to phase out the regulatory capital benefit provided by the delay.
In addition, for the ongoing impact of CECL, the agencies utilized a 25% scaling factor as an approximation of the increased reserve build under CECL compared to the previous incurred loss model and, therefore, allowed banks to add back to CET1 Capital an amount equal to 25% of the change in CECL-based allowances in each quarter between January 1, 2020 and December 31, 2021. Beginning January 1, 2022, the cumulative 25% change in CECL-based allowances between January 1, 2020 and December 31, 2021 started to be phased in to regulatory capital (i) at 25% per year on January 1 of each year over the three-year transition period and (ii) along with the delayed Day One impact.
Citigroup and Citibank elected the modified CECL transition provision provided by the rule. Accordingly, the Day One regulatory capital effects resulting from adoption of the CECL methodology, as well as the ongoing adjustments for 25% of the change in CECL-based allowances in each quarter between January 1, 2020 and December 31, 2021, started to be