instrument-specific credit risk are estimated based on changes in the borrower default, prepayment and recovery forecasts in addition to instrument-specific credit spread. Related interest income continues to be measured based on the contractual interest rates and reported as
Interest income
in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
193
Certain Debt Liabilities
The Company has elected the fair value option for certain debt liabilities, because these exposures are considered to be trading-related positions and, therefore, are managed on a fair value basis. These positions are classified as
Long-term debt
or
Short-term borrowings
on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.
The following table provides information about the carrying value of notes carried at fair value, disaggregated by type of risk:
The portion of the changes in fair value attributable to changes in Citigroup’s own credit spreads (DVA) is reflected as a component of
AOCI
while all other changes in fair value are reported in
Principal transactions
. Changes in the fair value of these liabilities include accrued interest, which is also included in the change in fair value reported in
Principal transactions
.
The following table provides information about long-term debt and short-term borrowings carried at fair value:
194
25.
GUARANTEES AND COMMITMENTS
The following tables present information about Citi’s guarantees at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
For additional information on Citi’s guarantees and indemnifications included in the tables below, as well as its other guarantees and indemnifications excluded from these tables, see Note 28 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
(1)
The carrying values of securities lending indemnifications were not material for either period presented, as the probability of potential liabilities arising from these guarantees is minimal.
(2)
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, this maximum potential exposure was estimated to be approximately $
80
billion and $
124
billion, respectively. However, Citi believes that the maximum exposure is not representative of the actual potential loss exposure based on its historical experience. This contingent liability is unlikely to arise, as most products and services are delivered when purchased and amounts are refunded when items are returned to merchants. As such, any losses incurred and the carrying amounts of Citi’s contingent obligations related to merchant processing activities were immaterial. See “Card Merchant Processing” below.
(3)
Includes additional guarantees entered into as part of the extension and amendment of the American Airlines co-branded credit card partnership agreement, executed in December 2024. See “Credit Card Arrangements with Partners” in Note 28 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K. Citi believes that the maximum exposure is not representative of actual potential loss exposure based on historical and expected future