perspectives at all levels of the organization
•    Providing compensation programs that are competitive in the market and aligned to strategic objectives
Workforce Size and Distribution
As of December 31, 2024, Citi employed approximately 229,000 people in over 90 countries. The Company’s workforce is constantly evolving and developing, benefiting from a strong mix of internal and external hiring into new and existing positions. In 2024, Citi welcomed over 24,000 new employees in addition to 39,700 roles filled by existing employees through internal mobility, including promotions. Citi also maintains connections with former employees through its alumni network, and in 2024, welcomed more than 3,400 individuals back to Citi.
The following table presents the geographic distribution of Citi’s employees by segment, component and gender:
(1)    Employee distribution is based on business and region, which may not reflect where the employee physically resides.
(2)    See Note 3 for compensation by reportable segment. Compensation expense related to services provided by employees in the Corporate/Other unit within
All Other
is allocated to each respective reportable segment, as applicable, through non-compensation expense.
(3)    Mexico is included in International.
(4)    Part-time employees represented less than 1.0% of Citi’s global workforce.
Talent Management
Citi is committed to a workforce consisting of the best talent from the broadest pools available to drive innovation and best serve its clients, customers and communities.
Driving a Culture of Excellence and Accountability
Citi’s talent and culture initiatives focus on fostering a culture of excellence and accountability that is supported by strong risk and controls management.
Citi’s Leadership Principles of “taking ownership, delivering with pride and succeeding together” have been reinforced through a behavioral science-led campaign, Citi’s New Way, which reinforces the key working habits that support Citi’s leadership culture.
Citi’s performance management approach emphasizes the Leadership Principles through a four-pillar system, evaluating what employees deliver against financial, risk and controls, and client and franchise goals, as well as how employees deliver from a leadership perspective.
The p
erformance management and incentive compensation processes, policies and framewo
rks promote accountability and consistency, in particular for risk and controls.
Citi’s culture initiatives are also supported by changes in the way Citi identifies, assesses, develops and promotes talent, particularly at the most senior
levels of the organization.
Workforce Development
Citi’s numerous programmatic offerings aim to reinforce its culture and values, foster understanding of compliance requirements and develop competencies required to deliver excellence to its clients. Citi encourages career growth and development by offering broad and diverse opportunities to employees, including the following:
•