previously incurred loss contingencies for which recovery is expected, Citi applies loss recovery accounting when disputes and uncertainties affecting recognition are resolved.
If Citigroup has not accrued for a matter because the matter does not meet the criteria for accrual (as set forth above), or Citigroup believes an exposure to loss exists in excess of the amount accrued for a particular matter, in each case assuming a material loss is reasonably possible but not probable, Citigroup discloses the matter. In addition, for such matters, Citigroup discloses an estimate of the aggregate reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess of the amounts accrued for those matters for which an estimate can be made. At March 31, 2025, Citigroup estimates that the reasonably possible unaccrued loss for these matters ranges up to approximately $
1.3
billion in the aggregate.
As available information changes, the matters for which Citigroup is able to estimate will change, and the estimates themselves will change. In addition, while many estimates presented in financial statements and other financial disclosures involve significant judgment and may be subject to significant uncertainty, estimates of the range of reasonably possible loss arising from litigation, regulatory, tax, or other matters are subject to particular uncertainties. For example, at the time of making an estimate, Citigroup may only have preliminary or incomplete information about the facts underlying the claim; its assumptions about the future rulings of the court or other tribunal on significant issues, or the behavior and incentives of adverse parties, regulators, or tax authorities may prove to be wrong; and the outcomes it is attempting to predict are often not amenable to the use of statistical or other quantitative analytical tools. In addition, from time to time an outcome may occur that Citigroup had not accounted for in its estimates because it had deemed such an outcome to be remote. For all these reasons, the amount of loss in excess of amounts accrued in relation to matters for which an estimate has been made could be substantially higher or lower than the range of loss included in the estimate.
Subject to the foregoing, it is the opinion of Citigroup’s management, based on current knowledge and after taking into account its current accruals, that the eventual outcome of all matters described in this Note would not be likely to have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition of Citigroup. Nonetheless, given the substantial or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters and the inherent unpredictability of such matters, an adverse outcome in certain of these matters could, from time to time, have a material adverse effect on Citigroup’s consolidated results of operations or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods.
For further information on ASC 450 and Citigroup’s accounting and disclosure framework for contingencies,