asset balances represent an amortized cost basis without regard to impairments, unless fair value information is readily available to the Company.
The maximum funded exposure represents the balance sheet carrying amount of the Company’s investment in the VIE. It reflects the initial amount of cash invested in the VIE, adjusted for any accrued interest and cash principal payments received. The carrying amount may also be adjusted for increases or declines in fair value or any impairment in value recognized in earnings. The maximum exposure of unfunded positions represents the remaining undrawn committed amount, including liquidity and credit facilities provided by the Company or the notional amount of a derivative instrument considered to be a variable interest. In certain transactions, the Company has entered into derivative instruments or other arrangements that are not considered variable interests in the VIE (e.g., interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps or where the Company is the purchaser of credit protection under a credit default swap or total return swap where the Company pays the total return on certain assets to the SPE). Receivables under such arrangements are not included in the maximum exposure amounts.
244
The following tables present certain assets and liabilities of consolidated VIEs, which are included on Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. The assets include those assets that can only be used to settle obligations of consolidated VIEs and are in excess of those obligations. In addition, the assets include third-party assets of consolidated VIEs only and exclude intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation. The liabilities include third-party liabilities of consolidated VIEs only and exclude intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation. The liabilities also exclude amounts where creditors or beneficial interest holders have recourse to the general credit of Citigroup.
245
Funding Commitments for Significant Unconsolidated VIEs—Liquidity Facilities and Loan Commitments
The following table presents the notional amount of liquidity facilities and loan commitments that are classified as funding commitments in the VIE tables above:
Significant Interests in Unconsolidated VIEs—Balance Sheet Classification
The following table presents the carrying amounts and classification of significant variable interests in unconsolidated VIEs:
246
Credit Card Securitizations
The Company securitizes credit card receivables through trusts established to purchase the receivables. Citigroup transfers receivables into the trusts on a non-recourse basis. Credit card securitizations are revolving securitizations: as customers pay their credit card balances, the cash proceeds are used to purchase new receivables and replenish the receivables in the trust.
The Company’s primary credit card securitization activity is through
two
trusts—Citibank Credit Card Master Trust (Master Trust) and Citibank Omni Trust (Omni Trust), with the