$(
72
) million of unallocated portfolio-layer hedges cumulative basis adjustments at December 31, 2024.
213
Corporate Gross Credit Losses
The tables below detail gross credit losses recognized during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, by year of loan origination:
(1)    Other includes installment and other, lease financing and loans to government and official institutions.
Non-Accrual Corporate Loans
(1)
Recorded investment in a loan includes net deferred loan fees and costs, unamortized premium or discount, less any direct write-downs.
(2)
Interest income recognized for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
65
million, $
38
million and $
66
million, respectively.
N/A  Not applicable
214
Corporate Loan Modifications to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty
Citi seeks to modify certain corporate loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty to reduce Citi’s exposure to loss, often providing the borrower with an opportunity to work through financial difficulties. Each modification is unique to the borrower’s individual circumstances.
The following tables
detail corporate loan modifications granted during the year ended December 31, 2024 to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty by type of modification granted and the financial effect of those modifications. Citi defines a corporate loan modification to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty as a modification of a loan classified as substandard or worse at the time of modification.
(1)
The above table reflects activity for loans outstanding as of the end of the reporting period. The balances are not significant as a percentage of the total carrying values of loans by class of receivable as of December 31, 2024.
(2)
Commitments to lend to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that were granted modifications totaled $
878
million as of December 31, 2024.
(3)
The allowance for corporate loans, including modified loans, is based on the borrower’s overall financial performance. Charge-offs for amounts deemed uncollectible may be recorded at the time of the modification or may have already been recorded in prior periods such that no charge-off is required at the time of modification.
(4)
Payment delays either for principal or interest payments had an immaterial financial impact.
(5)
Other includes installment and other, lease financing and loans to government and official institutions.
(1)
The above table reflects activity for loans outstanding as of the end of the reporting period. The balances are not significant as a percentage of the total carrying values of loans by class of receivable as of December 31, 2023.
(2)
Commitments to lend to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that were granted modifications totaled $
1.2
billion as of December 31, 2023.
(3)
The allowance for corporate loans, including modified loans, is based on the borrower’s overall financial performance. Charge-offs for amounts deemed uncollectible may be recorded at the