measured at amortized cost at the time the financial asset is originated or acquired. Within the life of a loan or other financial asset, the methodology generally results in earlier recognition of the provision for credit losses and the related ACL.
Estimation of ECLs requires Citi to make assumptions regarding the likelihood and severity of credit loss events and their impact on expected cash flows, which drive the probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and exposure at default (EAD) models and, where Citi discounts the ECL, using discounting techniques for certain products.
Citi considers a multitude of global macroeconomic variables for the base, upside and downside probability-weighted macroeconomic scenario forecasts it uses to estimate the ACL. Citi’s forecasts of the U.S. unemployment rate and U.S. real GDP growth rate represent the key macroeconomic variables that most significantly affect its estimate of the ACL.
154
Under the base macroeconomic forecast as of 4Q24, U.S. real GDP growth is expected to slow during 2025 and 2026, while the unemployment rate is expected to increase in 2025, but decline in 2026.
The macroeconomic scenario weights are estimated using a statistical model, which, among other factors, takes into consideration key macroeconomic drivers of the ACL, severity of the scenario and other macroeconomic uncertainties and risks. Citi evaluates scenario weights on a quarterly basis.
Citi’s downside scenario incorporates more adverse macroeconomic assumptions than the base scenario. For example, compared to the base scenario, Citi’s downside scenario reflects a recession, including an elevated average U.S. unemployment rate of 6.8% over the eight-quarter R&S period, with a peak difference of 3.4% in the second quarter of 2026. The downside scenario also reflects a year-over-year U.S. real GDP contraction in 2025 of 1.8%, with a peak quarter-over-quarter difference to the base scenario of 1.3%.
The following are the main factors and interpretations that Citi considers when estimating the ACL under the CECL methodology:
•
CECL reserves are estimated over the contractual term of the financial asset, which is adjusted for expected prepayments. Expected extensions are generally not considered unless the option to extend the loan cannot be canceled unilaterally by Citi.
•
Credit enhancements that are not freestanding (such as those that are included in the original terms of the contract or those executed in conjunction with the lending transaction) are considered loss mitigants for purposes of CECL reserve estimation.
•
For unconditionally cancelable accounts (generally credit cards), reserves are based on the expected life of the balance as of the evaluation date (assuming no further charges) and do not include any undrawn commitments that are unconditionally cancelable. Reserves are included for undrawn commitments for accounts that are not unconditionally cancelable (such as letters of credit and corporate loan