is subject to the CECL reserve methodology and interest does not attract a further reserve.
For credit cards, Citi uses the payment rate approach, which leverages payment rate curves, to determine the payments that should be applied to liquidate the end-of-period balance (CECL balance) in the estimation of EAD. The payment rate approach uses customer payment behavior (payment rate) to establish the portion of the CECL balance that will be paid each month. These payment rates are defined as the percentage of principal payments received in the respective month divided by the prior month’s billed principal balance. The liquidation (CECL payment) amount for each forecast period is determined by multiplying the CECL balance by that period’s forecasted payment rate. The cumulative sum of these payments less the CECL balance produces the balance liquidation curve. Citi does not apply a non-accrual policy to credit card receivables; rather, they are subject to full charge-off at 180 days past due or bankruptcy.
As such, the entire customer balance up until write-off, including accrued interest and fees, is subject to the CECL reserve methodology.
Corporate Loans, HTM Securities and Other Assets
Citi records allowances for credit losses on all financial assets carried at amortized cost that are in the scope of CECL, including corporate loans classified as HFI, HTM debt securities and
Other assets
. Discounting techniques are applied for corporate loans classified as HFI and HTM securities. All cash flows are fully discounted to the reporting date. The ACL includes Citi’s estimate of all credit losses expected to be incurred over the estimated full contractual life of the financial asset. The contractual life of the financial asset generally does not include expected extensions, renewals or modifications. Where Citi has an unconditional option to extend the contractual term, Citi does not consider the potential extension in determining the contractual term; however, where the borrower has the sole right to exercise the extension option without Citi’s approval, Citi does consider the potential extension in determining the contractual term.
The Company primarily bases its ACL on models that assess the likelihood and severity of credit events and their impact on cash flows under R&S forecasted economic scenarios. Allowances consider the probability of the borrower’s default, the loss the Company would incur upon default and the borrower’s exposure at default. Such models discount the present value of all future cash flows, using the asset’s effective interest rate (EIR). Citi applies a more simplified approach based on historical loss rates to certain exposures recorded in
Other assets
and certain loan exposures in the Private Bank within
Consumer loans
.
The Company considers the risk of nonpayment to be zero for U.S. Treasuries and U.S. government-sponsored agency guaranteed mortgage-backed securities (MBS) and, as such, Citi does not have an ACL for these