businesses and functions, to lead the various transformation programs. Citi is focusing the Company’s most senior talent on this effort and has a detailed, integrated approach to execute on the transformation. Citi’s Transformation Steering Committee, chaired by Citi’s CEO, sets the overall direction for the transformation and communicates progress to the Citigroup Board of Directors, as well as seeks input and feedback from the Board.
In 2023, Citi appointed a Chief Operating Officer, who reports to the CEO and is responsible for running Citi’s overall transformation efforts, as well as leading Citi’s efforts to improve operating efficiency and returns along with Citi’s enterprise-wide effort to strengthen its risk and controls and data quality, and modernize infrastructure, while simplifying the Company. In 2024, Citi hired a new Head of Technology and Business Enablement, who reports to the CEO and works closely with Citi’s transformation team to drive improvements to data quality and modernize infrastructure, while driving simplification and automation across Citi.
12
Transformation Bonus Program
In 2021, the Compensation, Performance Management and Culture Committee (the Compensation Committee) of Citigroup’s Board of Directors approved a long-term performance-based bonus program to incentivize effective execution in connection with the transformation and remediation of the consent orders and to drive change in Citi’s risk and control environment and culture (the Transformation Bonus Program, or the Program). There are approximately 200 senior employees who were deemed critical to the execution of the transformation and are therefore eligible for the Program.
Performance is measured, and the bonus, if any, payable pursuant to the Transformation Bonus Program is paid in three tranches, each representing a separate performance period.
Well-defined goals and related metrics are established for each of the three tranches, which may reflect qualitative considerations, including regulatory actions. At the end of each year, the Compensation Committee determines the appropriate level of payout given the accomplishments for the performance period relative to the specific goals and related metrics. The maximum portion of the bonus payable for each tranche was 25% for the first tranche, 25% for the second tranche and is 50% for the third tranche.
For additional information on the Transformation Bonus Program, including the Compensation Committee’s determination with respect to performance metrics, targets and achievements for the first and second performance measurement periods under the Program, see “Citi’s Multiyear Transformation” in Citi’s Second Quarter of 2024 Form 10-Q and Citi’s 2024 Proxy Statement for Citigroup’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders. For additional information on the Compensation Committee’s determination with respect to performance metrics, targets and achievements for the third performance measurement period under the Program