self-sufficient or net providers of liquidity, including in conditions established under their designated stress tests.
Citi’s primary funding sources include (i) corporate and consumer deposits via Citi’s bank subsidiaries, including Citibank, N.A. (Citibank), (ii) long-term debt (primarily senior and subordinated debt) mainly issued by Citigroup Inc., as the parent, and Citibank, and (iii) stockholders’ equity. These sources may be supplemented by short-term borrowings, primarily in the form of secured funding transactions.
Citi’s funding and liquidity framework, working in concert with overall asset/liability management, helps ensure that there is sufficient liquidity and tenor in the overall liability structure (including funding products) of the Company relative to the liquidity requirements of Citi’s assets. This reduces the risk that liabilities will become due before assets mature or are monetized. The Company holds excess liquidity, primarily in the form of high-quality liquid assets (HQLA), as presented in the table below.
63
High-Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA)
Note: The amounts in the table above are presented on an average basis. For securities, the amounts represent the liquidity value that potentially could be realized and, therefore, exclude any securities that are encumbered and incorporate any haircuts applicable under the U.S. LCR rule. The table above incorporates various restrictions that could limit the transferability of liquidity between legal entities, including Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act. Changes in HQLA line categories from the prior-year period were primarily driven by the reallocation of nontransferable HQLA, which did not change total average HQLA, and thus did not impact Citi’s LCR ratio.
(1)    Foreign government debt includes securities issued or guaranteed by foreign sovereigns, agencies and multilateral development banks. Foreign government debt securities are held largely to support local liquidity requirements and Citi’s local franchises and principally include government bonds from Japan, Korea, the United Kingdom, Mexico and China.
The table above includes average amounts of HQLA held at Citigroup’s operating entities that are eligible for inclusion in the calculation of Citigroup’s consolidated LCR, pursuant to the U.S. LCR rules. These amounts include the HQLA needed to meet the minimum requirements at these entities as well as any amounts in excess of these minimums that are available to be transferred to other entities within Citigroup. Citigroup’s average HQLA decreased quarter-over-quarter as of the first quarter of 2025, primarily driven by a decrease in average wholesale funding.
As of March 31, 2025, Citigroup had approximately $960 billion of available liquidity resources to support client and business needs, including end-of-period HQLA ($554 billion); additional unencumbered HQLA, including excess liquidity held at bank entities that is non-transferable to other entities within Citigroup