related to Citigroup CLOs:
All of Citi’s retained interests were held-to-maturity securities as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Municipal Securities Tender Option Bond (TOB) Trusts
Municipal TOB trusts may hold fixed- or floating-rate, taxable or tax-exempt securities issued by state and local governments and municipalities. TOB trusts are typically structured as single-issuer entities whose assets are purchased from either the Company or from other investors in the municipal securities market. TOB trusts finance the purchase of their municipal assets by issuing two classes of certificates: long-dated, floating rate certificates (Floaters) that are putable pursuant to a liquidity facility and residual interest certificates (Residuals). The Floaters are purchased by third-party investors, typically tax-exempt money market funds. The Residuals are purchased by the original owner of the municipal securities that are being financed.
From Citigroup’s perspective, there are
two
types of TOB trusts: customer and non-customer. Customer TOB trusts are those trusts utilized by customers of the Company to finance their securities, generally municipal securities. The Residuals issued by these trusts are purchased by the customer being financed. Non-customer TOB trusts are generally used by the Company to finance its own municipal securities investments; the Residuals issued by non-customer TOB trusts are purchased by the Company.
With respect to both customer and non-customer TOB trusts, Citi may provide remarketing agent services. If Floaters are optionally tendered, Citigroup may, but is not obligated to, purchase the tendered Floaters into its own inventory. The level of the Company’s inventory of such Floaters fluctuates.
For certain non-customer trusts, the Company also provides credit enhancement. At December 31, 2024, $0.4 billion of the municipal bonds owned by non-customer TOB trusts were subject to a credit guarantee provided by the Company. At December 31, 2023 none of the municipal bonds owned by non-customer TOB trusts were subject to a credit guarantee provided by the Company.
Citigroup also provides liquidity services to many customer and non-customer trusts. If a trust is unwound early due to an event other than a credit event on the underlying municipal bonds, the underlying municipal bonds are sold out of the trust and bond sale proceeds are used to redeem the outstanding trust certificates. If this results in a shortfall between the bond sale proceeds and the redemption price of
252
the tendered Floaters, the Company, pursuant to the liquidity agreement, would be obligated to make a payment to the trust to satisfy that shortfall. For certain customer TOB trusts, Citigroup has also executed a reimbursement agreement with the holder of the Residual, pursuant to which the Residual holder is obligated to reimburse the Company for any payment the Company makes under the liquidity arrangement. These reimbursement agreements may be subject to