clients.
(3)    Management uses this information in reviewing the segment’s results and believes it is useful to investors concerning underlying segment performance and trends.
(4)    Excludes loans that are carried at fair value for all periods.
(5)    Securities Services managed AUC/AUA, of which Citi provided both custody and administrative services to certain clients related to $2.0 trillion and $1.9 trillion of such assets at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively.
(6)    Represents the number of U.S. dollar clearing payment instructions processed on behalf of U.S. and foreign-domiciled entities (primarily financial institutions).
NM  Not meaningful
1Q25 vs. 1Q24
Net income
of $1.6 billion increased 7%, driven by higher revenues and lower expenses.
Revenues
increased 3%, driven by higher net interest income in TTS and Securities Services, partially offset by lower non-interest revenue across both businesses.
Net interest income increased 5%, driven by higher deposit spreads, as well as an increase in deposit and loan balances (average loans were up 6%, primarily driven by strong demand in TTS for export and agency finance, as well as working capital loans), partially offset by lower loan spreads. Average deposits increased 2%, driven by growth in Securities Services and modest growth in TTS as the businesses continued to increase operating deposits, and growth in Custody and Issuer Services.
Non-interest revenue declined 4%, driven by Securities Services due to the presence of certain episodic fees in the prior-year period, as well as higher revenue share with
Banking
—Corporate Lending and the impact of FX translation in both TTS and Securities Services, partially offset by the
benefit of continued strength in underlying fee drivers in TTS and Securities Services.
TTS revenues increased 4%, reflecting 5% growth in net interest income, partially offset by a 2% decrease in non-interest revenue. The increase in net interest income was driven by higher deposit spreads, as well as an increase in deposit and loan balances. Average deposits increased 1%, driven by North America, partially offset by a decline in International. The decrease in non-interest revenue was driven by higher revenue share with
Banking—
Corporate Lending and the impact of FX translation, primarily offset by growth in underlying fee drivers, including cross-border transaction value (up 5%), U.S. dollar clearing volume (up 8%) and commercial card spend volume (up 2%).
Securities Services revenues were largely unchanged, as a 6% decrease in non-interest revenue was offset by a 7% increase in net interest income, driven by higher deposit balances. Average deposits increased 10%, reflecting growth in both North America and International. The decrease in non-interest revenue was driven by the presence of certain episodic
17
fees in the prior-year period, along with the impact of FX translation and higher revenue share with
Banking
—Corporate Lending. The impact of these