not applied), a hedging relationship must be highly effective in offsetting the risk designated as being
hedged. The hedging relationship must be formally documented at inception, detailing the particular risk management objective and strategy for the hedge. This includes the item and risk(s) being hedged, the hedging instrument being used and how effectiveness will be assessed.
The effectiveness of these hedging relationships is evaluated at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis both on a retrospective and prospective basis, typically using quantitative measures of correlation. Hedge effectiveness assessment methodologies are performed in a similar manner for similar hedges, and are used consistently throughout the hedging relationships. The assessment of effectiveness may exclude changes in the value of the hedged item that are unrelated to the risks being hedged and the changes in fair value of the derivative associated with time value.
Discontinued Hedge Accounting
A hedging instrument must be highly effective in accomplishing the hedge objective of offsetting either changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item for the risk being hedged. Management may voluntarily de-designate an accounting hedge at any time, but if a hedging relationship is not highly effective, it no longer qualifies for hedge accounting and must be de-designated. Subsequent changes in the fair value of the derivative are recognized in
Other revenue
or
Principal transactions
, similar to trading derivatives, with no offset recorded related to the hedged item.
For fair value hedges, any changes in the carrying value of the hedged item remain as part of the basis of the asset or liability and are ultimately realized as an element of the yield on the item. For cash flow hedges, changes in fair value of the end-user derivative remain in
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI)
and are included in the earnings of future periods when the forecasted hedged cash flows impact earnings. However, if it becomes probable that some or all of the hedged forecasted transactions will not occur, any amounts that remain in
AOCI
related to these transactions must be immediately reflected in
Other revenue
.
The foregoing criteria are applied on a decentralized basis, consistent with the level at which market risk is managed, but are subject to various limits and controls. The underlying asset, liability or forecasted transaction may be an individual item or a portfolio of similar items.
Fair Value Hedges
Hedging of Benchmark Interest Rate Risk
Citigroup’s fair value hedges, which include hedges of closed pools of assets, are primarily hedges of fixed-rate long-term debt or assets, such as available-for-sale debt securities or loans.
For qualifying fair value hedges of interest rate risk, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and the change in the fair value of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk
are presented within
Interest income
or
Interest