factor below).
Citi has also been pursuing overall simplification initiatives that have included management and operating model changes and actions to enhance focus on clients and reduce expenses. Citi’s simplification actions also include completing its remaining divestitures, including the planned IPO of Mexico Consumer/SBMM. These simplification initiatives involve various execution challenges, may take longer than expected and may result in higher than expected expenses, CTA and other losses or other negative financial or strategic impacts, which could be material, and litigation and regulatory scrutiny (for information about potential CTA impacts, see the capital return risk factor above and the incorrect assumptions or estimates and emerging markets risk factors below).
Additionally, Citi continues to make business-led investments, as part of the execution of its strategic priorities. For example, Citi has been making investments across the Company, including hiring front office employees in key strategic markets and businesses; enhancing product capabilities and platforms to grow key businesses, improve client digital experiences and add scalability; and implementing new capabilities and partnerships. These business-led investments are designed to reduce expenses and grow revenues as well as result in retention and efficiency improvements.
Citi’s transformation, as well as its simplification and business investment initiatives, involve significant complexities and uncertainties. In addition, there is inherent risk that these initiatives will not be as productive or effective as Citi expects, or at all. Conversely, failure to adequately invest in and upgrade Citi’s technology and processes or properly implement its enterprise-wide simplification could result in Citi’s inability to meet regulatory expectations, be
sufficiently competitive, serve clients effectively and avoid disruptions to its businesses and operational errors (see the operational processes and systems and legal and regulatory proceedings risk factors below).
Citi’s ability to achieve its expected returns, including expense savings and revenue growth objectives, and operational improvements from these priorities depends, in part, on factors that it cannot control, including, among others, macroeconomic challenges and uncertainties; customer, client and competitor actions; and ongoing regulatory requirements or changes.
Moreover, Citi’s transformation, simplification and other priorities may continue to evolve as its business strategies, the market environment and regulatory expectations change, which could make the initiatives more costly and more challenging to implement, and limit their effectiveness.
Climate Change Presents Various Financial and Non-Financial Risks to Citi and Its Customers and Clients.
Climate change presents both immediate and long-term risks to Citi and its customers and clients, with the risks expected to increase over time. Climate risks can arise