which is an integral part of the profitability of trading
activities (see Note 4 for information about net interest income related to trading activities). Principal transactions include CVA (credit valuation adjustments) and FVA (funding valuation adjustments) on over-the-counter derivatives, and gains (losses) on certain economic hedges on loans in
Services
,
Markets
and
Banking
. These adjustments are discussed further in Note 26.
In certain transactions, Citi incurs fees and presents these fees paid to third parties in operating expenses.
The following table presents
Principal
transactions
revenue:
(1)    Includes revenues from government securities, municipal securities, mortgage securities and other debt instruments. Also includes spot and forward trading of currencies and exchange-traded and over-the-counter (OTC) currency options, options on fixed income securities, interest rate swaps, currency swaps, swap options, caps and floors, financial futures, OTC options and forward contracts on fixed income securities.
(2)    Includes revenues from foreign exchange spot, forward, option and swap contracts, as well as foreign currency translation (FX translation) gains and losses.
(3)    Includes revenues from common, preferred and convertible preferred stock, convertible corporate debt, equity-linked notes and exchange-traded and OTC equity options and warrants.
(4)    2024 includes an approximate $
400
million episodic gain related to the Visa B exchange completed in the second quarter of 2024.
(5)    Primarily includes revenues from crude oil, refined oil products, natural gas, metals and other commodities trades.
(6)    Includes revenues from corporate debt, secondary trading loans, mortgage securities, single name and index credit default swaps, and structured credit products.
176
7.
INCENTIVE PLANS
Discretionary Annual Incentive Awards
Citigroup grants immediate cash bonus payments and various forms of immediate and deferred awards as part of its discretionary annual incentive award program involving a large segment of Citigroup’s employees worldwide.
Discretionary annual incentive awards are generally awarded in the first quarter of the year based on the previous year’s performance. Awards valued at less than U.S. $
75,000
(or the local currency equivalent) are generally paid entirely in the form of an immediate cash bonus. Pursuant to Citigroup policy and/or regulatory requirements, certain employees are subject to mandatory deferrals of incentive pay and generally receive
15
%–
60
% of their awards in the form of deferred stock or deferred cash stock units. Discretionary annual incentive awards to certain employees in the EU are subject to deferral requirements regardless of the total award value, with at least
50
% of the immediate incentive delivered in the form of a stock payment award subject to a restriction on sale or transfer (generally, for
12
months).
For deferred incentive awards granted in 2022 and after, Citigroup changed the