(2)
Curtailment and settlement relate to divestiture and other wind-down activities.
(3)
The U.S. qualified plan was fully funded as of January 1, 2024 and no minimum funding was required for 2024. The plan is also expected to be fully funded as of January 1, 2025 with no expected minimum funding requirement for 2025.
(4)
The nonqualified plans of the Company are unfunded.
181
The following table presents the change in
AOCI
related to the Company’s pension, postretirement and post employment plans:
(1)
See Note 21 for further discussion of net
AOCI
balance.
(2)
Includes net of tax amounts for certain profit-sharing plans outside the U.S.
(3)
Curtailment and settlement relate to divestiture activities, including $
36
million related to the Korea wind-down in 2022.
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the aggregate projected benefit obligation (PBO), the aggregate accumulated benefit obligation (ABO) and the aggregate fair value of plan assets are presented for all defined benefit pension plans with a PBO in excess of plan assets and for all defined benefit pension plans with an ABO in excess of plan assets as follows:
(1)
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, only the nonqualified plans’ PBO and ABO exceeded plan assets.
Plan Assumptions
The Company utilizes a number of assumptions to determine plan obligations and expenses. Changes in one or a combination of these assumptions will have an impact on the Company’s pension and postretirement PBO, funded status and expense (benefit). Changes in the plans’ funded status resulting from changes in the PBO and fair value of plan assets will have a corresponding impact on
AOCI
.
The actuarial assumptions at the respective years ended December 31 in the table below are used to measure the year-end PBO and the net periodic expense (benefit) for the subsequent year (period). Since Citi’s Significant Plans are measured on a quarterly basis, the year-end rates for those plans are used to calculate the net periodic expense (benefit) for the subsequent year’s first quarter.
As a result of the quarterly measurement process, the net periodic (benefit) expense for the Significant Plans is calculated at each respective quarter end based on the preceding quarter-end rates (as presented below for the U.S. and non-U.S. pension and postretirement benefit plans). The actuarial assumptions for All Other Plans are measured annually.
182
Certain assumptions used in determining pension and postretirement benefit obligations and net benefit expense for the Company’s plans are presented in the following tables:
(1)    Not material for U.S. plans.
(2)    For the years ended 2024 and 2023, the expected return on assets for the Voluntary Employees Beneficiary Association (VEBA) Trust was
3.00
%.
(3)
The Company has cash balance plans and other plans with promised interest crediting rates. For these plans, the interest crediting rates are set in line with plan rules or country legislation.
(
1)    Represents rates used in quarterly