exercise Citi’s cyber and information security program, which is ISO-27001 certified. ISO-27001 is an international standard for information security management systems. Citi is regulated by bodies across the globe that also regularly examine and audit Citi’s cyber and information security program against local laws, regulations and industry best practices.
118
Board Governance
Citigroup’s
Board of Directors and its committees
provide oversight of senior management’s efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risk and respond to cybersecurity incidents. Citi’s Board includes members with cybersecurity expertise and experience.
Citigroup’s full Board is briefed annually on cybersecurity risks and receives updates as needed on Citi’s cyber and information security program, including changes to the threat landscape and a roadmap for progress around addressing related risks. Additionally, Citigroup’s Board participates in cybersecurity exercises to improve preparedness to address cybersecurity incidents.
The Board’s Technology Committee receives quarterly updates from the Chief Information Security Office on the cybersecurity threat landscape, regulatory landscape, posture, and strategy and engages in discussions throughout the year with senior management and subject matter experts on the effectiveness of Citi’s overall cybersecurity program.
The Board’s Risk Management Committee (RMC) approved a standalone Cybersecurity Risk Appetite Statement against which Citi’s performance is measured quarterly. In addition, the RMC oversees Citi’s risk profile, which includes cybersecurity risk, and monitors whether Citi is operating within its cybersecurity risk appetite under its mandate to review key operational risks, including steps taken by management to control such risks.
In the event of a potentially material cybersecurity incident impacting Citi, the Board would be made aware of such incident via lines of communication that run from the Chief Information Security Office to senior management and also to the Board. This contemporaneous reporting on significant cyber events includes information and discussion around incident response, legal obligations (including disclosure), and outreach and notification to regulators and customers when needed.
For additional information on the Board’s oversight of cybersecurity risk management, see Citi’s upcoming 2025 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in March 2025.
COMPLIANCE RISK
Compliance risk is the risk to current or projected financial condition and resilience arising from violations of laws, rules or regulations, or from non-conformance with prescribed practices, internal policies and procedures or ethical standards. Compliance risk exposes Citi to fines, civil money penalties, payment of damages and the voiding of contracts. Compliance risk can result in diminished reputation, harm to Citi’s customers, limited business opportunities and lessened expansion potential. It encompasses the risk of