operating
(all of which include certain overhead expenses).
(4)    Segment results are presented on a managed basis that excludes divestiture-related impacts related to (i) Citi’s divestitures of its Asia consumer banking businesses and (ii) the planned IPO of Mexico Consumer/SBMM within
All Other
—Legacy Franchises. Adjustments are included in Legacy Franchises within
All Other
and are reflected in the reconciliations above to arrive at Citi’s reported results in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
(5)    2024 includes $
318
million (approximately $
220
million after-tax) in operating expenses primarily related to separation costs in Mexico and severance costs in the Asia exit markets.
(6)    2023 includes (i) an approximate $
1.059
billion gain on sale recorded in revenue (approximately $
727
million after-tax) related to the India consumer banking business sale; (ii) an approximate $
403
million gain on sale recorded in revenue (approximately $
284
million after-tax) related to the Taiwan consumer banking business sale; and (iii) approximately $
372
million (approximately $
263
million after-tax) in operating expenses primarily related to separation costs in Mexico and severance costs in the Asia exit markets.
(7)    2022 includes (i) an approximate $
535
million (approximately $
489
million after-tax) goodwill write-down due to resegmentation and the timing of Asia consumer banking business divestitures, (ii) an approximate $
616
million gain on sale recorded in revenue (approximately $
290
million after-tax) related to the Philippines consumer banking business sale, (iii) an approximate $
209
million gain on sale recorded in revenue (approximately $
115
million after-tax) related to the Thailand consumer banking business sale and (iv) approximately $
161
million (approximately $
108
million after-tax) in operating expenses primarily related to separation costs in Mexico and severance costs in the Asia exit markets.
170
Performance by Geographic Area
Citi’s operations are highly integrated, and estimates and subjective assumptions have been made to apportion revenue between North America and international operations. These estimates and assumptions are consistent with the allocations used for the Company’s segment reporting.
The Company defines international activities for purposes of this footnote presentation as business transactions that
involve clients that reside outside of North America, and the information presented below is based on managed geography (the booking location that manages the client relationship), which is predominantly the domicile of the client. However, many of the Company’s North America operations serve international businesses. The managed geography can be periodically reorganized (and thus the balances in North America and Corporate/Other).
The following tables present revenues net of interest expense and identifiable assets between North America and international areas:
(1)    Primarily reflects the U.S.