costs. For additional information, see the capital return and heightened regulatory scrutiny and ongoing interpretation of regulatory changes risk factors above. Further, while Citi takes numerous steps to prevent and detect conduct by employees and agents that could potentially harm clients, customers, employees or the integrity of the markets, such behavior may not always be deterred or prevented.
Moreover, the severity of the remedies sought in legal and regulatory proceedings to which Citi is subject has remained elevated. For example, U.S. and certain non-U.S. governmental entities have increasingly brought criminal actions against, or have sought and obtained criminal guilty pleas or deferred prosecution agreements from, financial institutions and individual employees. These types of actions by U.S. and other governments may, in the future, have significant collateral consequences for Citi, including loss of customers and business, operational loss and the inability to offer certain products or services and/or operate certain businesses. Citi may be required to accept or be subject to similar types of criminal remedies, consent orders, sanctions, substantial fines and penalties, remediation and other financial costs or other requirements in the future, including for matters or practices not yet known to Citi, any of which could materially and negatively affect Citi’s businesses, business practices, financial condition or results of operations, require material changes in Citi’s operations or cause Citi substantial reputational harm.
Additionally, many large claims—both private civil and regulatory—asserted against Citi are highly complex, slow to develop and may involve novel or untested legal theories. The outcome of such proceedings is difficult to predict or estimate until late in the proceedings. Although Citi establishes accruals for its legal and regulatory matters according to accounting requirements, Citi’s estimates of, and changes to, these accruals involve significant judgment and may be subject to significant uncertainty, and the amount of loss ultimately incurred in relation to those matters may be substantially higher than the amounts accrued (see the incorrect assumptions or estimates risk factor above). In addition, certain settlements are subject to court approval and may not be approved. Furthermore, regulators may be more likely to pursue investigations or proceedings against financial institutions, such as Citi, that have previously been the subject of other regulatory actions.
For further information on Citi’s legal and regulatory proceedings, see Note 30.
OTHER RISKS
Citi’s Emerging Markets Presence Subjects It to Various Risks as well as Increased Compliance and Regulatory Risks and Costs.
Citi’s presence in the emerging markets subjects it to various risks. During 2024, emerging markets revenues accounted for approximately 28% of Citi’s total revenues (based, beginning in 2024, on the IMF and FFIEC classifications,