has been designed to minimize the risk of systemic impact to the U.S. and global financial systems, while maximizing the value of the bankruptcy estate for the benefit of Citigroup’s creditors, including its unsecured long-term debt holders.
In addition, in line with the FRB’s total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) rule, Citigroup’s shareholders and unsecured creditors—including its unsecured long-term debt holders—bear any losses resulting from Citigroup’s bankruptcy. Accordingly, any value realized by holders of its unsecured long-term debt may not be sufficient to repay the amounts owed to such debt holders in the event of a bankruptcy or other resolution proceeding of Citigroup.
The FDIC has also indicated that it was developing a single point of entry strategy to implement the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act, which provides the FDIC with the ability to resolve a firm when it is determined that bankruptcy would have serious adverse effects on financial stability in the U.S.
As previously disclosed, in response to feedback received from the FRB and FDIC, Citigroup took the following actions:
(i)    Citicorp LLC (Citicorp), an existing wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup, was established as an intermediate holding company (an IHC) for certain of Citigroup’s operating material legal entities;
(ii)    Citigroup executed an inter-affiliate agreement with Citicorp, Citigroup’s operating material legal entities and certain other affiliated entities pursuant to which Citicorp is required to provide liquidity and capital support to Citigroup’s operating material legal entities in the event that Citigroup were to enter bankruptcy proceedings (Citi Support Agreement);
(iii)    pursuant to the Citi Support Agreement:
•
Citigroup made an initial contribution of assets, including certain high-quality liquid assets and inter-affiliate loans (Contributable Assets), to Citicorp, and Citicorp became the business-as-usual funding vehicle for Citigroup’s operating material legal entities;
•
Citigroup will be obligated to continue to transfer Contributable Assets to Citicorp over time, subject to certain amounts retained by Citigroup to, among other things, meet Citigroup’s near-term cash needs;
•
in the event of a Citigroup bankruptcy, Citigroup will be required to contribute most of its remaining assets to Citicorp; and
(iv)    the obligations of both Citigroup and Citicorp under the Citi Support Agreement, as well as the Contributable Assets, are secured pursuant to a security agreement.
Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)
U.S. GSIBs are required to maintain minimum levels of TLAC and eligible LTD, each set by reference to the GSIB’s consolidated risk-weighted assets (RWA) and total leverage exposure. The intended purpose of the requirements is to facilitate the orderly resolution of U.S. GSIBs under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act. For additional information, including Citi’s TLAC and LTD amounts