time of the modification or may have already been recorded in prior periods such that no charge-off is required at the time of modification.
(4)
Payment delays either for principal or interest payments had an immaterial financial impact.
(5)
Other includes installment and other, lease financing and loans to government and official institutions.
215
Performance of Modified Corporate Loans
The following table presents the delinquencies of modified corporate loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. It includes loans that were modified during the year ended December 31, 2024:
(1)
Corporate loans are generally not modified as a result of their delinquency status; rather, they are modified because of events that have impacted the overall financial performance of the borrower. Corporate loans, if past due, are re-aged to current status upon modification.
(2)
Other includes installment and other, lease financing and loans to government and official institutions.
Defaults of Modified Corporate Loans
No modified corporate loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2024. Default is defined as 60 days past due, except for classifiably managed commercial banking loans, where default is defined as 90 days past due. For a modified corporate loan that is not collateral dependent, expected default rates are considered in the loan’s individually assessed ACL.
CONSUMER LOANS
Consumer loans represent loans and leases managed primarily by
USPB
,
Wealth
and
All Other
—Legacy Franchises
(except Mexico SBMM)
.
Citigroup has established a risk management process to monitor, evaluate and manage the principal risks associated with its consumer loan portfolio. Credit quality indicators that are actively monitored include delinquency status, consumer credit scores under Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) and loan-to-value (LTV) ratios, each as discussed in more detail below.
See Note 1 for Citi’s policies related to consumer loans, including non-accrual and charge-off policies.
216
The following tables provide Citi’s consumer loans by type:
Consumer Loans, Delinquencies and Non-Accrual Status at December 31, 2024
Consumer Loans, Delinquencies and Non-Accrual Status at December 31, 2023
(1)
Loans less than 30 days past due are presented as current.
(2)
Includes $
281
million and $
313
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of residential first mortgages recorded at fair value.
(3)
Excludes loans guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored agencies. Excludes delinquencies on $
25.9
billion and $
17.6
billion of classifiably managed Private Bank loans in North America and outside North America, respectively, at December 31, 2024. Excludes delinquencies on $
29.2
billion and $
17.0
billion of classifiably managed Private Bank loans in North America and outside North America, respectively, at December 31, 2023.
(4)
Consists of loans that are guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored agencies that are