declines, as is likely to occur in a liquidity stress event or other market crisis. In such circumstances, Citi’s ability to sell assets may also be impaired if other market participants are seeking to sell similar assets at the same time or a liquid market does not exist for such assets. Additionally, unexpected changes in client needs due to idiosyncratic events or market conditions could result in greater than expected drawdowns from off-balance sheet committed facilities. A sudden drop in market liquidity could also cause a temporary or protracted dislocation of capital markets activity. In addition, clearing organizations, central banks, clients and financial institutions with which Citi interacts may exercise the right to require additional collateral during challenging market conditions, which could further impair Citi’s liquidity. If Citi fails to effectively manage its liquidity, its businesses, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted.
Limitations on the payments that Citigroup Inc. receives from its subsidiaries could also impact its liquidity. As a holding company, Citigroup Inc. relies on interest, dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund dividends as well as to satisfy its debt and other obligations. Several of Citi’s U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries are or may be subject to capital adequacy or other liquidity, regulatory or contractual restrictions on their ability to provide such payments, including any local regulatory stress test requirements and inter-affiliate arrangements entered into in connection with Citigroup Inc.’s resolution plan. Citigroup Inc.’s broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to lend or transact with affiliates, as well as restrictions on their ability to use funds deposited with them in brokerage or bank accounts to fund their businesses.
A bank holding company is also required by law to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for its subsidiary banks. As a result, the FRB may require Citigroup Inc. to commit resources to its subsidiary banks even if doing so is not otherwise in the interests of Citigroup Inc. or its shareholders or creditors, reducing the amount of funds available to meet its obligations.
A Ratings Downgrade Could Adversely Impact Citi’s Funding and Liquidity.
The credit rating agencies, such as Fitch Ratings, Moody’s Ratings and S&P Global Ratings, continuously evaluate Citi and certain of its subsidiaries. Their ratings of Citi and its rated subsidiaries’ long-term debt and short-term obligations are based on firm-specific factors, including the financial strength of Citi and such subsidiaries, as well as factors that are not entirely within the control of Citi and its subsidiaries, such as the agencies’ proprietary rating methodologies and assumptions, potential impact from negative actions on U.S. sovereign ratings and conditions affecting the financial services