expenses ($203 million in 2024 versus approximately $1.7 billion in the prior year) and the reduction from the closed exits and wind-downs, as well as lower restructuring charges ($259 million in 2024 versus $781 million in the prior year), partially offset by the costs of the July 2024 Consent Orders entered into with the FRB and OCC.
Provisions
were $1.1 billion, compared to $1.3 billion in the prior year, largely driven by a smaller ACL build for transfer risk associated with exposures outside the U.S., driven by safety and soundness considerations under U.S. banking law, partially offset by a 7% increase in net credit losses, primarily driven by the ongoing normalization from post-pandemic lows in Mexico Consumer.
For additional information on Citi’s ACL, see “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates” below.
For additional information about trends, uncertainties and risks related to
All Other
’s (managed basis) future results, see “Executive Summary” above and “Risk Factors” and “Managing Global Risk—Other Risks—Country Risk—Russia” below.
32
CAPITAL RESOURCES
Overview
Citi uses capital principally to support its businesses and to absorb potential losses, including credit, market and operational losses. Citi primarily generates capital through earnings from its operating businesses. Citi may augment its capital through issuances of common stock and noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, among other issuances. Further, Citi’s capital levels may also be affected by changes in accounting and regulatory standards, as well as the impact of future events on Citi’s business results, such as acquisitions and divestitures and changes in interest and foreign exchange rates.
During 2024, Citi returned a total of $6.7 billion of capital to common shareholders in the form of $4.2 billion in dividends and $2.5 billion in share repurchases (approximately 44 million common shares).
For additional information, see “Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Repurchases of Equity Securities and Dividends” below.
Citi paid common dividends of $0.56 per share for the fourth quarter of 2024, and on January 11, 2025, declared common dividends of $0.56 per share for the first quarter of 2025. Citi plans to maintain a quarterly common dividend of $0.56 per share, subject to financial and macroeconomic conditions as well as its Board of Directors’ approval.
On January 13, 2025, Citigroup’s Board of Directors authorized a new, multiyear $20 billion common stock repurchase program, beginning in the first quarter of 2025. Repurchases by Citigroup under this common stock repurchase program are subject to quarterly approval by Citigroup’s Board of Directors; may be effected from time to time through open market purchases, trading plans established in accordance with SEC rules or other means; and, as determined by Citigroup, may be subject to satisfactory market conditions, Citigroup’s capital position and capital requirements, applicable legal