21
(1)    Investment banking fees are primarily composed of underwriting, advisory, loan syndication structuring and other related financing activity.
(2)    Includes revenues earned by Citi that are subject to a revenue sharing arrangement with
Banking
—Corporate Lending for Investment Banking,
Markets
and
Services
products sold to Corporate Lending clients.
(3)    Citi assesses its
Markets
business performance on a total revenue basis, as offsets may occur across revenue line items. For example, securities that generate
Net interest income
may be risk managed by derivatives that are recorded in
Principal transactions
revenue within
Non-interest revenue
. For a description of the composition of these revenue line items, see Notes 4, 5 and 6.
(4)    Management uses this information in reviewing the segment’s results and believes it is useful to investors concerning underlying segment performance and trends.
(5)    Excludes loans that are carried at fair value for all periods.
NM  Not meaningful
2024 vs. 2023
Net income
of $4.9 billion increased 27%, driven by higher revenues, partially offset by higher cost of credit.
Revenues
increased 6%, driven by higher Equity Markets and Fixed Income Markets revenues. Citi expects that revenues in its
Markets
businesses will reflect the overall market environment during 2025.
Fixed Income Markets revenues
increased 1%, driven by spread products and other fixed income, partially offset by lower revenues in rates and currencies. Rates and currencies revenues decreased 6%, largely reflecting lower volatility and a strong prior-year performance, partially offset by the smaller impact of the Argentina currency devaluation
.
Spread products and other fixed income revenues increased 20%, largely driven by increased client activity due to growth in asset-backed financing, securitization activity and underwriting fees. These increases were partially offset by a decline in commodities revenues on lower overall volatility.
Equity Markets revenues increased
26%, driven by growth in cash equities due to higher client activity and volumes. The increase in revenues was also due to growth in equity derivative revenues on higher volatility, which also included the impact from an episodic gain related to the Visa B exchange. The increase in revenues was also driven by growth in prime services, as Equity Markets continued to experience an increase in prime balances
.
Expenses
were largely unchanged, as higher legal expenses and higher volume-related expenses were offset by productivity savings.
Provisions
were
$463 million, compared to $438 million in the prior year, primarily driven by higher net credit losses, partially offset by a lower ACL build on other assets.
Net credit losses were $168 million, compared to $32 million in the prior year, largely driven by higher losses on loans in spread products.
The net ACL build was $295 million, compared to a net build of $406 million in the prior year
. The lower net ACL build was