served as Head of SEC and Financial Reporting from 2015 to 2024. Additional roles held by Mr. Walsh include the Controller for
Services
as well as the North American Controller for the
Institutional Clients Group
. Prior to joining Citi, he spent seven years at Arthur Andersen. He is a Certified Public Accountant, licensed in New York State.
Code of Conduct, Code of Ethics
Citi has a Code of Conduct that maintains its commitment to the highest standards of conduct. The Code of Conduct is supplemented by a Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals (including accounting, controllers, financial reporting operations, financial planning and analysis, treasury, capital planning, tax, productivity and strategy, M&A, investor relations and regional/product finance professionals and administrative staff) that applies worldwide. The Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals applies to Citi’s principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Amendments and waivers, if any, to the Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals will be disclosed on Citi’s website, www.citigroup.com. The Audit Committee has responsibility for the oversight of Citi’s Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals.
Both the Code of Conduct and the Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals can be found on the Citi website by clicking on “Investors” and then “Corporate Governance.” Citi’s Corporate Governance Guidelines can also be found there, as well as the charters for the Audit Committee, the Compensation, Performance Management and Culture Committee, the Nomination, Governance and Public Affairs Committee, the Risk Management Committee and the Technology Committee of Citigroup’s Board of Directors. These materials are also available by writing to Citigroup Inc., Corporate Governance, 388 Greenwich Street, 17th Floor, New York, New York 10013.
318
CITIGROUP BOARD OF DIRECTORS
319
GLOSSARY OF TERMS AND ACRONYMS
The following is a list of terms and acronyms that are used in this report and certain other Citigroup presentations.
* Denotes a Citi metric
2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K:
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC.
90+ days past due delinquency rate*:
Represents consumer loans that are past due by 90 or more days, divided by that period’s total EOP loans.
ABS:
Asset-backed securities
ACL:
Allowance for credit losses, which is composed of the allowance for credit losses on loans (ACLL), allowance for credit losses on unfunded lending commitments (ACLUC), allowance for credit losses on HTM securities and allowance for credit losses on other assets.
ACLL:
Allowance for credit losses on loans
ACLUC:
Allowance for credit losses on unfunded lending commitments
Advanced Approaches:
The Advanced Approaches capital framework, established through Basel III rules by the FRB, requires certain banking organizations to use an internal ratings-based approach and other methodologies to calculate risk-based