CFO.
Citi’s management, with the participation of its CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of Citigroup’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of December 31, 2024. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that at that date Citigroup’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
133
MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Citi’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Citi’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of its financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Citi’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of Citi’s assets, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that Citi’s receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with authorizations of Citi’s management and directors, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Citi’s assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Citi’s management assessed the effectiveness of Citigroup’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in
Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013)
. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2024, Citi’s internal control over financial reporting was effective. In addition, there were no changes in Citi’s internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Citi’s internal control over financial reporting.
The effectiveness of Citi’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 has been audited by KPMG LLP, Citi’s independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report below, which expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of Citi’s internal control over