presents Citi’s effective GSIB surcharge as determined under method 1 and method 2 during 2024 and 2023:
Citi’s GSIB surcharge effective during 2024 and 2023 was 3.5%, as derived under the higher method 2 result. For 2025, Citi’s GSIB surcharge remains unchanged at 3.5%, as derived under the higher method 2 result.
Citi expects that its method 2 GSIB surcharge will continue to remain higher than its method 1 GSIB surcharge. Based on Citi’s method 2 result as of December 31, 2023 and as of December 31, 2024, Citi’s GSIB surcharge is expected to remain at 3.5% for 2026.
Prompt Corrective Action Framework
In general, the Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) regulations direct the U.S. banking agencies to enforce increasingly strict limitations on the activities of insured depository institutions that fail to meet certain regulatory capital thresholds. The PCA framework contains five categories of capital adequacy as measured by risk-based capital and leverage ratios: (i) “well capitalized,” (ii) “adequately capitalized,” (iii) “undercapitalized,” (iv) “significantly undercapitalized” and (v) “critically undercapitalized.”
Accordingly, an insured depository institution, such as Citibank, must maintain minimum CET1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital, Total Capital and Leverage ratios of 6.5%, 8.0%, 10.0% and 5.0%, respectively, to be considered “well capitalized.” In addition, insured depository institution subsidiaries of U.S. GSIBs, including Citibank, must maintain a minimum Supplementary Leverage ratio of 6.0% to be
35
considered “well capitalized.” Citibank was “well capitalized” as of December 31, 2024.
Furthermore, to be “well capitalized” under current federal bank regulatory agency definitions, a bank holding company must have a Tier 1 Capital ratio of at least 6.0%, a Total Capital ratio of at least 10.0% and not be subject to a FRB directive to maintain higher capital levels.
Stress Testing Component of Capital Planning
Citi is subject to an annual assessment by the FRB as to whether Citigroup has effective capital planning processes as well as sufficient regulatory capital to absorb losses during stressful economic and financial conditions, while also meeting obligations to creditors and counterparties and continuing to serve as a credit intermediary. This annual assessment includes two related programs: the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) and Dodd-Frank Act Stress Testing (DFAST).
For the largest and most complex firms, such as Citi, CCAR includes a qualitative evaluation of a firm’s abilities to determine its capital needs on a forward-looking basis. In conducting the qualitative assessment, the FRB evaluates firms’ capital planning practices, focusing on six areas of capital planning: governance, risk management, internal controls, capital policies, incorporating stressful conditions and events, and estimating impact on capital positions. As part of the CCAR process, the FRB evaluates Citi’s capital adequacy, capital adequacy process