on Citi’s credit and debit card customers’ sales transactions.
International region:
Comprises six clusters: United Kingdom; Japan, Asia North and Australia (JANA); LATAM; Asia South; Europe; and Middle East and Africa (MEA).
IPO:
Initial public offering
JANA:
Japan, Asia North and Australia
KPMG:
KPMG LLP, Citi’s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
LATAM:
Latin America
LCR:
Liquidity Coverage ratio. Represents HQLA divided by net outflows in the period.
LGD:
Loss given default
LIBOR:
London Interbank Offered Rate
LLC:
Limited Liability Company
LTD:
Long-term debt
LTV:
Loan-to-value. For residential real estate loans, the relationship, expressed as a percentage, between the principal amount of a loan and the estimated value of the collateral (i.e., residential real estate) securing the loan.
Managed basis:
Results reflected on a managed basis exclude divestiture-related impacts.
Master netting agreement:
A single agreement with a counterparty that permits multiple transactions governed by that agreement to be terminated or accelerated and settled through a single payment in a single currency in the event of a default (e.g., bankruptcy, failure to make a required payment or securities transfer or deliver collateral or margin when due).
MBS:
Mortgage-backed securities
MD&A:
Management’s Discussion and Analysis, a section within an SEC Form 10-Q or 10-K.
MEA:
Middle East and Africa
Measurement alternative:
Measures equity securities without readily determinable fair values at cost less impairment (if any), plus or minus observable price changes from an identical or similar investment of the same issuer.
Mexico Consumer:
Mexico Consumer Banking
Mexico Consumer/SBMM:
Mexico Consumer Banking and Small Business and Middle-Market Banking reported within Legacy Franchises in
All Other
. Mexico Consumer/SBMM operates primarily through Banamex and provides traditional retail banking and branded card products to consumers and small business customers and traditional middle-market banking products and services to commercial customers, as well as retirement fund administration and insurance products through certain Banamex affiliate entities.
Mexico SBMM:
Mexico Small Business and Middle-Market Banking
Moody’s:
Moody’s Ratings
MSRs:
Mortgage servicing rights
N/A:
Data is not applicable or available for the period presented.
NAA:
Non-accrual assets. Consists of non-accrual loans and OREO.
NAL:
Non-accrual loans. Loans for which interest income is not recognized on an accrual basis. Loans (other than credit card loans and certain consumer loans insured by U.S. government-sponsored agencies) are placed on non-accrual status when full payment of principal and interest is not expected, regardless of delinquency status, or when principal and interest have been in default for a period of 90 days or more unless the loan is both well secured and in the process of collection. Collateral-dependent loans are typically maintained on non-accrual status.
NAV:
Net