higher interest rate environment and higher mortgage originations, as well as Branded Cards due to lower card payment rates and higher card spend volume.
End-of-period loans increased 1% year-over-year and sequentially. The year-over-year increase was largely due to growth in Branded Cards and Retail Banking in
USPB
,
as well as growth in
Markets
and
Services.
72
CORPORATE CREDIT
Consistent with its overall strategy, Citi’s corporate clients are typically corporations that value the depth and breadth of Citi’s global network. Citi aims to establish relationships with these clients whose needs encompass multiple products, including cash management and trade services, foreign exchange, lending, capital markets and M&A advisory.
Corporate Credit Portfolio
The following table details Citi’s corporate credit portfolio across
Services
,
Markets
,
Banking
and the Mexico SBMM component of
All Other—
Legacy Franchises (excluding loans carried at fair value and loans held-for-sale), and before consideration of collateral or hedges, by remaining tenor for the periods indicated:
(1)    Includes drawn loans, overdrafts, bankers’ acceptances and leases.
(2)    Includes unused commitments to lend, letters of credit and financial guarantees.
Portfolio Mix—Geography and Counterparty
Citi’s corporate credit portfolio is diverse across geography and counterparty. The following table presents the percentages of this portfolio across North America and the clusters within International, based on Citi’s internal management geography (see “Other Risks—Country Risk—Top 25 Country Exposures” below):
The maintenance of accurate and consistent risk ratings across the corporate credit portfolio facilitates the comparison of credit exposure across all lines of business, geographies and products. Counterparty risk ratings reflect an estimated probability of default for a counterparty, and internal risk ratings are derived by leveraging validated statistical models and scorecards in combination with consideration of factors specific to the obligor or market, such as management experience, competitive position, regulatory environment and commodity prices. Facility risk ratings are assigned that reflect the probability of default of the obligor and factors that affect the loss given default of the facility, such as support or collateral. Internal ratings that generally correspond to BBB and above are considered investment grade, while those below are considered non-investment grade.
The following table presents the corporate credit portfolio by facility risk rating as a percentage of the total corporate credit portfolio:
Note: Total exposure includes direct outstandings and unfunded lending commitments.
73
In addition to the obligor and facility risk ratings assigned to all exposures, Citi may classify exposures in the corporate credit portfolio. These classifications are consistent with Citi’s interpretation of the U.S. banking regulators’ definition of criticized exposures,