foreign operations that are reported in the CTA components of
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI)
. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, a sale, substantial liquidation or other deconsolidation event of any foreign operations, such as those related to Citi’s remaining divestitures or legacy businesses, would result in reclassification of any foreign CTA component of
AOCI
related to that foreign operation, including related hedges and taxes, into Citi’s earnings. For example, Citi could incur a significant loss on sale due to CTA losses related to any such divestitures (see the capital risk factor above and the emerging markets risk factor below). The majority of these losses would be regulatory capital neutral at the completion of the divestiture. For additional information on Citi’s accounting policy for foreign currency translation and its foreign CTA components of
AOCI
, see Notes 1 and 21.
Changes to Financial Accounting and Reporting Standards or Interpretations Could Have a Material Impact on How Citi Records and Reports Its Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Periodically, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issues financial accounting and reporting standards that govern key aspects of Citi’s financial statements or interpretations thereof when those standards become effective, including those areas where Citi is required to make assumptions or estimates. Changes to financial accounting or reporting standards or interpretations, whether promulgated or required by the FASB, the SEC, U.S. banking regulators or others, could present operational challenges and could also require Citi to change certain of the assumptions or estimates it previously used in preparing its financial statements, which could negatively impact how it records and reports its financial condition and results of operations generally and/or with respect to particular businesses. See Note 1 for additional information on Citi’s accounting policies and changes in accounting, including the expected impacts on Citi’s results of operations and financial condition.
If Citi’s Risk Management and Other Processes, Strategies or Models Are Deficient or Ineffective, Citi May Incur Significant Losses and Its Regulatory Capital and Capital Ratios Could Be Negatively Impacted.
Citi utilizes a broad and diversified set of risk management and other processes and strategies, including the use of models in analyzing and monitoring the various risks Citi assumes in conducting its activities. For example, Citi uses models across the Company as part of its comprehensive stress testing initiatives. Citi also relies on data to aggregate, assess and manage various risk exposures. Management of these risks and the reliability of the data are made more challenging within a large, global financial institution, such as Citi, particularly due to complex, diverse and rapidly changing financial markets and conditions in which Citi operates. Unexpected losses can result