managing liquidity, as well as increased operational and compliance risks. Additionally, the growth of certain competitors has increased market and counterparty credit risks, with such risks particularly heightened in the case of a challenging macroeconomic environment (see the risk factor on credit and concentrations of risk below).
Moreover, Citi relies on third parties to support certain of its product and service offerings, which may put Citi at a disadvantage to competitors who may directly offer a broader array of products and services. Also, Citi’s businesses, results of operations and reputation may suffer if any third party is unable to provide adequate support for such product and service offerings, whether due to operational incidents or otherwise (see the operational processes and systems, cybersecurity and emerging markets risk factors below).
To the extent that Citi is not able to compete effectively with other financial services companies, including private credit and financial technology companies, and non-financial services firms, or adequately assess the competitive landscape, Citi could be placed at a competitive disadvantage, which could result in loss of customers and market share, and its businesses, results of operations and financial condition could suffer. For additional information on Citi’s competitors, see the co-brand and private label cards and qualified employees risk factors above and “Supervision, Regulation and Other—Competition” below.
OPERATIONAL RISKS
A Failure or Disruption of Citi’s Operational Processes or Systems Could Negatively Impact Its Reputation, Customers, Clients, Businesses or Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
Citi’s global operations rely heavily on its technology systems and infrastructure, including the accurate, complete, timely and secure processing, management, storage and transmission of data, including confidential transactions, and other information, as well as the monitoring of a substantial amount of data and complex transactions in real time. Citi obtains and stores an extensive amount of personal and client-specific information for its consumer and institutional customers and clients, and must accurately record and reflect their account transactions.
Citi’s operations must also comply with complex and evolving laws, regulations and heightened regulatory expectations in the jurisdictions in which it operates (see the implementation and interpretation of regulatory changes and legal proceedings risk factors below). With the proliferation of emerging technologies, including AI, and the use of the internet, mobile devices and cloud services to conduct financial transactions, and customers’ and clients’ increasing use of online banking and trading systems and other platforms, large global financial institutions such as Citi have been, and will continue to be, subject to an ever-increasing risk of operational loss, failure or disruption.
Citi has been working with AI and