securities. For all other HTM debt securities, ECLs are estimated using PD models and discounting techniques, which incorporate assumptions regarding the likelihood and severity of credit losses. For structured securities, specific models use relevant assumptions for the underlying collateral type. A discounting approach is applied to HTM direct obligations of a single issuer, similar to that used for corporate HFI loans.
Other Financial Assets with Zero Expected Credit Losses
For certain financial assets, zero expected credit losses will be recognized where the expectation of nonpayment of the amortized cost basis is zero, based on there being no history of loss and the nature of the receivables.
Secured Financing Transactions
Most of Citi’s reverse repurchase agreements, securities borrowing arrangements and margin loans require that the borrower continually adjust the amount of the collateral securing Citi’s interest, primarily resulting from changes in the fair value of such collateral. In such arrangements, ACLs are recorded based only on the amount by which the asset’s amortized cost basis exceeds the fair value of the collateral. No ACLs are recorded where the fair value of the collateral is equal to or exceeds the asset’s amortized cost basis, as Citi does not expect to incur credit losses on such well-collateralized exposures. For certain margin loans presented in
Loans
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, ACLL is estimated using the same approach as corporate loans.
156
Accrued Interest
CECL permits entities to make an accounting policy election not to reserve for interest, if the entity has a policy in place that will result in timely reversal or write-off of interest. However, when a non-accrual or timely charge-off policy is not applied, an ACL is recognized on accrued interest at 90 days past due. For HTM debt securities, Citi established a non-accrual policy that results in timely write-off of accrued interest. For corporate loans, where a timely charge-off policy is used, Citi has elected to recognize an ACL on accrued interest receivable. The LGD models for corporate loans include an adjustment for estimated accrued interest.
Reasonably Expected TDRs (in 2022 and prior years)
For corporate loans, the reasonable expectation of the TDR concept required that the contractual life over which ECLs are estimated be extended when a TDR that results in a tenor extension was reasonably expected. Reasonably expected TDRs were included in the life of the asset. A discounting technique or collateral-dependent practical expedient is used for non-accrual and TDR loan exposures that do not share risk characteristics with other loans and are individually assessed. Loans modified in accordance with the CARES Act and bank regulatory guidance are not classified as TDRs.
In 2023, the reasonably expected TDRs accounting was replaced by modifications of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty accounting. See “Accounting Changes—TDRs and