operational risk components of RWA. The capital proposal would also replace the current market risk framework with a new standardized methodology and a new models-based methodology for calculating RWA for market risk. Large banking organizations, such as Citi, would be required to calculate their risk-based capital ratios under both the new expanded risk-based approach and the Standardized Approach and use the lower of the two for each risk-based capital ratio for determining the binding constraints.
The expanded risk-based approach is designed to align with the international capital standards adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (Basel Committee). The Basel Committee finalized the Basel III reforms in December 2017, which included revisions to the methodologies to determine credit, market and operational RWA amounts.
If adopted as proposed, the capital proposal’s impact on RWA amounts would also affect several other requirements including TLAC, external long-term debt and the short-term wholesale funding score included in the GSIB surcharge under method 2 (see “GSIB Surcharge” below). The proposal has a three-year transition period that would begin July 1, 2025. If finalized as proposed, the capital proposal would materially increase Citi’s required regulatory capital.
For information about risks related to changes in regulatory capital requirements, see “Risk Factors—Strategic Risks,” “—Operational Risks” and “—Compliance Risks” below.
GSIB Surcharge
Separately on July 27, 2023, the FRB proposed changes to the GSIB surcharge rule that aim to make it more risk sensitive. Proposed changes include measuring certain systemic indicators on a daily versus quarterly average basis, changing certain of the risk indicators and shortening the time to come into compliance with each year’s surcharge. In addition, the proposal would narrow surcharge bands under method 2 from 50 bps to 10 bps to reduce cliff effects when moving between bands.
Long-Term Debt Requirements
On August 29, 2023, the FRB issued a notice of proposed rulemaking to amend the TLAC rule to change the haircuts (i.e., the percentage reductions) that are applied to eligible long-term debt. Under the proposed rule, only 50% of eligible long-term debt with a maturity of one year or more but less than two years would count toward the TLAC requirement, instead of the current 100%. These proposed revisions are estimated to decrease the TLAC percentage of Advanced Approaches RWA as well as the TLAC percentage of Total Leverage Exposure. The proposed rule in its current form has no proposed transition period for its implementation and is not expected to be material to Citi.
48
Ta
ngible Common Equity, Book Value Per Share, Tangible Book Value Per Share and Return on Equity
As defined by Citi, tangible common equity (TCE) represents common stockholders’ equity less goodwill and identifiable intangible assets (other than mortgage servicing rights (MSRs)). Return on tangible common