Exposures” below):
The maintenance of accurate and consistent risk ratings across the corporate credit portfolio facilitates the comparison of credit exposure across all lines of business, geographies and products. Counterparty risk ratings reflect an estimated probability of default for a counterparty, and internal risk ratings are derived by leveraging validated statistical models and scorecards in combination with consideration of factors specific to the obligor or market, such as management experience, competitive position, regulatory environment and commodity prices. Facility risk ratings are assigned that reflect the probability of default of the obligor and factors that affect
the loss given default of the facility, such as support or collateral. Internal ratings that generally correspond to BBB and above are considered investment grade, while those below are considered non-investment grade.
The following table presents the corporate credit portfolio by facility risk rating as a percentage of the total corporate credit portfolio:
Note: Total exposure includes direct outstandings and unfunded lending commitments.
In addition to the obligor and facility risk ratings assigned to all exposures, Citi may classify exposures in the corporate credit portfolio. These classifications are consistent with Citi’s interpretation of the U.S. banking regulators’ definition of criticized exposures, which may categorize exposures as special mention, substandard, doubtful or loss.
Risk ratings and classifications are reviewed regularly and adjusted as appropriate. The credit review process incorporates quantitative and qualitative factors, including financial and non-financial disclosures or metrics, idiosyncratic events or changes to the competitive, regulatory or macroeconomic environment.
Citi believes the corporate credit portfolio to be appropriately rated and classified as of March 31, 2025. Citi has applied management judgment to adjust internal ratings and classifications of exposures as both the macroeconomic environment and obligor-specific factors have changed, particularly where additional stress has been observed.
45
As obligor risk ratings are downgraded, the probability of default increases. Downgrades of obligor risk ratings tend to result in a higher provision for credit losses. In addition, appetite per obligor is reduced consistent with the ratings, and downgrades may result in the purchase of additional credit derivatives or other risk/structural mitigants to hedge the incremental credit risk, or may result in Citi seeking to reduce exposure to an obligor or an industry sector. Citi will continue to review exposures to ensure that the appropriate probability of default is incorporated into all risk assessments.
See Note 14 for additional information on Citi’s corporate credit portfolio.
Portfolio Mix—Industry
Citi’s corporate credit portfolio is diversified by industry. The following table details the allocation of Citi’s total corporate