10-K.
Recognition and Measurement of Impairment
The following table presents total impairment on AFS investments recognized in earnings:
Allowance for Credit Losses on AFS Debt Securities
The allowance for credit losses on AFS debt securities held that the Company does not intend to sell nor will likely be required to sell was $
6
million as of March 31, 2025, unchanged from December 31, 2024.
Non-Marketable Equity Securities Not Carried at
Fair Value
Non-marketable equity securities are required to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings unless (i) the measurement alternative is elected or (ii) the investment represents Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock or certain exchange seats that continue to be carried at cost.
The election to measure a non-marketable equity security using the measurement alternative is made on an instrument-by-instrument basis. Under the measurement alternative, an equity security is carried at cost plus or minus changes resulting from observable prices in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. The carrying value of the equity security is adjusted to fair value on the date of an observed transaction. Fair value may differ from the observed transaction price due to a number of factors, including marketability adjustments and differences in rights and obligations when the observed transaction is not for the identical investment held by Citi.
Equity securities under the measurement alternative, which are composed of private equity investments, are also assessed for impairment. On a quarterly basis, management qualitatively assesses whether each equity security under the measurement alternative is impaired. For details on impairment indicators that are considered, see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
When the qualitative assessment indicates that the equity security is impaired, its fair value is determined. If the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value, the investment is written down to fair value through earnings.
Below is the carrying value of non-marketable equity securities measured using the measurement alternative at March 31, 2025 and
December 31, 2024
:
Below are amounts recognized in earnings and life-to-date amounts for non-marketable equity securities measured using the measurement alternative:
(1)     See Note 23 for additional information on these nonrecurring fair value measurements.
A similar impairment analysis is performed for non-marketable equity securities carried at cost. For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, there was no impairment loss recognized in earnings for non-marketable equity securities carried at cost.
127
14.
LOANS
Citigroup loans are reported in
two
categories: corporate and consumer. These categories are classified primarily according to the operating segment, reporting unit and component that manage the