or Enforcement Orders, Business Restrictions, Limitations on Dividends, Changes to Directors and/or Officers and Collateral Consequences Arising from Such Outcomes.
Citi’s regulators have broad powers and discretion under their prudential and supervisory authority, and have pursued active inspection and investigatory oversight. At any given time, Citi is a party to a significant number of legal and regulatory proceedings and is subject to numerous governmental and regulatory examinations. Additionally, Citi remains subject to governmental and regulatory investigations, consent orders (see discussion below) and related compliance efforts, and other inquiries. Citi could also be subject to enforcement proceedings and negative regulatory evaluation or examination findings not only because of violations of laws and regulations, but also due to failures, as determined by its regulators, to have adequate policies and procedures, or to remedy deficiencies on a timely basis (see also the capital return and resolution plan risk factors above). Citi could face further scrutiny and consequences from regulators for failing to timely resolve open regulatory issues or having repeat regulatory issues.
As previously disclosed, the 2020 FRB Consent Order and the 2020 OCC Consent Order require Citigroup and Citibank, respectively, to implement extensive targeted action plans and submit quarterly progress reports on a timely and sufficient basis detailing the results and status of improvements relating principally to various aspects of enterprise-wide risk management, compliance, data quality management related to governance, and internal controls. These improvements will result in continued significant investments by Citi during 2025 and beyond, as an essential part of Citi’s broader transformation efforts to enhance its risk, controls, data and finance infrastructure and compliance (see the transformation, simplification and other priorities-related risk factor above).
Additionally, on July 10, 2024, the FRB entered into a Civil Money Penalty Consent Order with Citigroup, and the OCC entered into a Civil Money Penalty Consent Order with Citibank. The OCC and Citibank also entered into an Amendment to the OCC’s 2020 Consent Order (the Amendment). The FRB found that Citigroup had ongoing deficiencies related to its data quality management program and had inadequate measures for managing and controlling its data quality risks. The OCC found that Citibank had failed to make sufficient and sustainable progress toward achieving compliance with its 2020 Consent Order.
The Amendment requires Citibank to formalize a process to determine whether sufficient resources are being appropriately allocated toward achieving timely and sustainable compliance with the OCC’s 2020 Consent Order, including any requirements on which Citibank is not making sufficient and sustainable progress (such process, the Resource Review Plan).
There can be no assurance that
the Resource
62
Review