and other intangible assets, but excluding MSRs—are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Credit card contract-related intangibles include fixed and unconditional costs incurred to renew or extend the contract with a card partner. In estimating the useful life of a credit card contract-related intangible, the Company considers the probability of contract renewal or extension to determine the period that the asset is expected to contribute future cash flows. Intangible assets that are deemed to have indefinite useful lives, primarily trade names, are not amortized and are subject to annual impairment tests. An impairment exists if the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value. For other intangible assets subject to amortization, an impairment is recognized if the carrying amount is not recoverable and exceeds the fair value of the intangible asset.
Premises and Equipment
Premises and equipment
includes lease right-of-use assets, property and equipment (including purchased and developed software), net of depreciation and amortization. Substantially all lease right-of-use assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and substantially all property and equipment are depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the asset. The estimated useful lives range up to 50 years for buildings and improvements, up to 15 years for furniture and equipment, up to 10 years for internal-use software and the shorter of the estimated useful life or the lease term for leasehold improvements.
158
Leases
As a Lessee
Citi enters into lease agreements to obtain rights to use assets for its business operations. Substantially all of the Company’s lessee arrangements are operating leases for premises and equipment, including real estate and various types of equipment. Lease liabilities and right-of-use (ROU) assets are recognized when Citi enters into these leases and represent Citi’s obligations and rights to use these assets over the period of the leases, and may be remeasured for certain modifications. These leases may contain renewal and extension options and early termination features; however, these options do not impact the lease term unless the Company is reasonably certain that it will exercise the options. In certain instances, the Company may have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components. In these instances, the Company has elected to apply the practical expedient and account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.
At lease commencement, lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the remaining lease payments and discounted using the Company’s incremental borrowing rate. ROU assets initially equal the lease liability, adjusted for any lease payments made prior to lease commencement and for any lease incentives.
ROU assets and lease liabilities are included in
Premises and equipment
and
Other