“Managing Global Risk—Operational Risk—Cybersecurity Risk” below.
Changes or Errors in Accounting Assumptions, Judgments or Estimates, or the Application of Certain Accounting Principles, Could Result in Significant Losses or Other Adverse Impacts.
U.S. GAAP requires Citi to use certain assumptions, judgments and estimates in preparing its financial statements, including, among other items, the estimate of the ACL; reserves related to litigation, regulatory and tax matters; valuation of DTAs; the fair values of certain assets and liabilities; and the assessment of goodwill and other assets for
58
impairment. These assumptions, judgments and estimates are inherently limited because they involve techniques, which could include the use of historical data and AI, that cannot anticipate or model every economic and financial outcome in the markets in which Citi operates, nor can they anticipate the specific impact and timing of such outcomes. For example, many models used by Citi include assumptions about correlation or lack thereof among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators that may not hold in times of market stress, limited liquidity or other unforeseen circumstances.
If Citi’s assumptions, judgments or estimates underlying its financial statements are incorrect or differ from actual or subsequent events, Citi could experience unexpected losses or other adverse impacts, some of which could be significant. Citi could also experience declines in its stock price, be subject to legal and regulatory proceedings and incur fines and other losses. For additional information on the key areas for which assumptions and estimates are used in preparing Citi’s financial statements, see “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates” below and Notes 1 and 16.
For example, the CECL methodology requires that Citi provide reserves for a current estimate of lifetime expected credit losses for its loan portfolios and other financial assets, as applicable, at the time those assets are originated or acquired. This estimate is adjusted each period for changes in expected lifetime credit losses. Citi’s ACL estimate is subject to judgments and depends upon its CECL models and assumptions; forecasted macroeconomic conditions, including, among other things, the U.S. unemployment rate and U.S. inflation-adjusted gross domestic product (real GDP); and the credit indicators, composition and other characteristics of Citi’s loan portfolios and other applicable financial assets. These model assumptions and forecasted macroeconomic conditions will change over time, resulting in variability in Citi’s ACL and, thus, impact its results of operations and financial condition, as well as regulatory capital due to the CECL phase-in (see the capital return risk factor above). For additional information on Citi’s ACL, see “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates” below and Notes 1 and 16.
Moreover, Citi has incurred losses related to its