Composed of the provision for credit losses on loans, provision for credit losses on HTM investments, provision for credit losses on other assets and provision for credit losses on unfunded lending commitments.
Provisions:
Provisions for credit losses and for benefits and claims.
Purchased credit-deteriorated:
Purchased credit-deteriorated assets are financial assets that as of the date of acquisition have experienced a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination, as determined by the Company.
R&S forecast period:
Reasonable and supportable period over which Citi forecasts future macroeconomic conditions for CECL purposes.
Real GDP:
Real gross domestic product is the inflation-adjusted value of the goods and services produced by labor and property located in a country.
Reconciling Items:
Divestiture-related impacts excluded from the results of
All Other
, as well as
All Other
—Legacy Franchises on a managed basis. The Reconciling Items are fully reflected in Citi’s Consolidated Statement of Income for each respective line item.
Regulatory VaR:
Daily aggregated VaR calculated in accordance with regulatory rules.
Release:
A net decrease in the ACL through the provision for credit losses.
Reported basis:
Financial statements prepared under U.S. GAAP.
Results of operations that exclude certain
impacts from gains or losses on sale, or one-time charges
*:
Represents GAAP items, excluding the impact of gains or losses on sales, or one-time charges (e.g., the loss on sale related to the sale of Citi’s consumer banking business in Australia).
Results of operations that exclude the impact of FX translation*:
Represents GAAP items, excluding the impact of FX translation, whereby the prior periods’ foreign currency balances are translated into U.S. dollars at the current period’s conversion rates (also known as constant dollar). GAAP measures excluding the impact of FX translation are non-GAAP financial measures.
Retail Services:
Citi’s U.S. retail services cards business with a portfolio of co-brand and private label relationships
209
(including, among others, The Home Depot, Best Buy, Macy’s and Sears).
RoTCE*:
Return on tangible common equity. Represents net income less preferred dividends (both annualized), divided by average tangible common equity for the period.
RWA:
Risk-weighted assets. Basel III establishes two comprehensive approaches for calculating RWA (the Standardized Approach and the Advanced Approaches), which include capital requirements for credit risk, market risk and operational risk for Advanced Approaches. Key differences in the calculation of credit risk RWA between the Standardized and Advanced Approaches are that for Advanced, credit risk RWA is based on risk-sensitive approaches that largely rely on the use of internal credit models and parameters, whereas for Standardized, credit risk RWA is generally based on supervisory risk-weightings, which vary primarily by counterparty type and asset class.