rather than the domicile of the depositor.
(2)    Represents time deposits in U.S. offices in denominations that met or exceeded $250,000.
(3)    Time deposits in offices outside the U.S. are assumed to be a depositor’s account as single account ownership.
(4)    The insurance coverage is applied in sequence of checking, savings and short- and long-term time deposits accounts.
At December 31, 2024, the maturities of time deposits were as follows:
FDIC Special Assessment
Citi recorded $
203
million and $
1,706
million in
Other operating
expenses for the years ended 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to the FDIC’s final rule implementing a special assessment to recover the uninsured deposit losses from the failures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The special assessment expenses are reflected in Corporate/Other in
All Other
.
234
19.
DEBT
Short-Term Borrowings
(1)
The weighted-average coupon excludes structured notes accounted for at fair value and the effect of hedges.
(2)
Represents Citibank entities as well as other bank entities.
(3)
Represents broker-dealer and other non-bank subsidiaries that are consolidated into Citigroup Inc., the parent holding company.
(4)
Includes borrowings from Federal Home Loan Banks and other market participants. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, collateralized short-term advances from Federal Home Loan Banks were $
5.0
billion and $
8.0
billion, respectively.
Some of Citigroup’s non-bank subsidiaries have credit facilities with Citigroup’s subsidiary depository institutions, including Citibank. Borrowings under these facilities are secured in accordance with Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act.
Long-Term Debt
(1)
The weighted-average coupon excludes structured notes accounted for at fair value and the effect of hedges.
(2)
Represents the parent holding company.
(3)
Includes notes that are subordinated within certain countries, regions or subsidiaries.
(4)
Represents Citibank entities as well as other bank entities. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, collateralized long-term advances from the Federal Home Loan Banks were $
8.5
billion and $
11.5
billion, respectively.
(5)
Represents broker-dealer and other non-bank subsidiaries that are consolidated into Citigroup Inc., the parent holding company. Certain Citigroup consolidated hedging activities are also included in this line. Balances primarily relate to senior debt.
The Company issues both fixed- and variable-rate debt in a range of currencies. It uses derivative contracts, primarily interest rate swaps, to effectively convert a portion of its fixed-rate debt to variable-rate debt. In addition, the Company uses other derivative contracts to manage the foreign exchange impact of certain debt issuances. At December 31, 2024, the Company’s overall weighted-average interest rate for long-term debt, excluding structured notes accounted for at fair value, was
4.26
% on a contractual basis and
4.40
% including the effects of derivative contracts.
235
Aggregate