the speed and severity of market price changes and is a key factor in pricing options. Volatility generally depends on the tenor of the underlying instrument
and the strike price or level defined in the contract. Volatilities for certain combinations of tenor and strike are not observable and need to be estimated using alternative methods, such as comparable instruments, historical analysis or other sources of
market information. This leads to uncertainty around the final fair value measurement of instruments with unobservable volatilities.
The general relationship between changes in the value of an instrument (or a portfolio) to changes in volatility also depends on changes in interest rates and the level of the underlying index. Generally, long option positions (assets) benefit from increases in volatility, whereas short option positions (liabilities) will suffer losses. Some instruments are more sensitive to changes in volatility than others. For example, an at-the-money option would experience a greater percentage change in its fair value than a deep-in-the-money option. In addition, the fair value of an option with more than one underlying security (e.g., an option on a basket of equities) depends on the volatility of the individual underlying securities as well as their correlations.
Yield
In some circumstances, the yield of an instrument is not observable in the market and must be estimated from historical data or from yields of similar securities. This estimated yield may need to be adjusted to capture the characteristics of the security being valued. Whenever the amount of the adjustment is significant to the value of the security, the fair value measurement is classified as Level 3.
Adjusted yield is generally used to discount the projected future principal and interest cash flows on instruments, such as asset-backed securities. Adjusted yield is impacted by changes in the interest rate environment and relevant credit spreads.
Prepayment
Voluntary unscheduled payments (prepayments) change the future cash flows for the investor and thereby change the fair value of the security. The effect of prepayments is more pronounced for residential mortgage-backed securities. Prepayment is generally negatively correlated with delinquency and interest rate. A combination of low prepayments and high delinquencies amplifies each input’s negative impact on a mortgage security’s valuation. As prepayment speeds change, the weighted-average life of the security changes, which impacts the valuation either positively or negatively, depending upon the nature of the security and the direction of the change in the weighted-average life.
Recovery
Recovery is the proportion of the total outstanding balance of a bond or loan that is expected to be collected in a liquidation scenario. For many credit securities (e.g., commercial mortgage-backed securities), the expected recovery amount of a defaulted property is typically unknown until a liquidation of the