equity (RoTCE) represents annualized net income available to common shareholders as a percentage of average TCE. Tangible book value per share (TBVPS) represents average TCE divided by average common shares outstanding. Other companies may calculate these measures differently.
49
RISK FACTORS
The following discussion presents what management currently believes could be the material risks and uncertainties that could impact Citi’s businesses, results of operations and financial condition. Other risks and uncertainties, including those not currently known to Citi or its management, could also negatively impact Citi’s businesses, results of operations and financial condition. Thus, the following should not be considered a complete discussion of all of the risks and uncertainties that Citi may face. For additional information about risks and uncertainties that could impact Citi, see “Executive Summary,” “Citi’s Multiyear Transformation” and each respective business’s results of operations above and “Managing Global Risk” below. The following risk factors are categorized to improve the readability and usefulness of the risk factor disclosure, and, while the headings and risk factors generally align with Citi’s risk categorization, in certain instances the risk factors may not directly correspond with how Citi categorizes or manages its risks.
MARKET-RELATED RISKS
Macroeconomic, Geopolitical and Other Challenges and Uncertainties Could Continue to Have a Negative Impact on Citi.
Citi has experienced, and could experience in the future, negative impacts to its businesses, results of operations and financial condition as a result of various macroeconomic, geopolitical and other challenges, uncertainties and volatility. These include, among other things, any resurgence in inflation; government fiscal and monetary actions or expected actions, including changes in interest rate policy, reductions in central bank balance sheets or other monetary policies; and increases in unemployment rates, recessions or weak or slowing economic growth in the U.S., Europe and other regions or countries. These impacts could adversely affect Citi’s consumer and institutional clients, businesses, cost of credit and overall results of operations.
For example, inflation could resurge if the FRB were to reduce interest rates prematurely and/or at too accelerated a pace, or if certain policies were further pursued in the U.S., including those related to trade, tariffs and immigration.
Interest rates on loans Citi makes are typically based off or set at a spread over a benchmark interest rate and would likely decline or rise as benchmark rates decline or rise, respectively. A decline in interest rates would generally be expected to result in lower overall net interest income for Citi, although Corporate Treasury has various tools to manage Citi’s total interest rate risk position (see “Managing Global Risk— Market Risk—Market Risk of Non-Trading Portfolios” below). In addition,