target outcomes remain focused on changing its business and operating models such that they simultaneously (i) strengthen controls, enhance data quality, reduce risk and improve Citi’s regulatory compliance and its culture, and (ii) enhance Citi’s value to customers, clients and shareholders.
Transformation Focus Areas and Status
Over the last several years, Citi has made key investments to, among other things, consolidate and modernize its infrastructure, simplify and automate manual processes, and enhance technology, data and analytics. In particular, Citi’s transformation-related expenses include costs related to risk and controls, data and finance programs and other 2020 Consent Order programs, as well as spending on certain other regulatory initiatives unrelated to the 2020 Consent Orders, and spending on enterprise-wide technology infrastructure and the Transformation Bonus Program (see below).
Citi completed significant planning and foundational work for the transformation in 2021 and 2022. In 2023, Citi progressed its transformation efforts into implementation mode and those efforts continued in 2024.
In 2024, Citi’s transformation-related expenses increased 1% to approximately $2.9 billion from the prior year, largely driven by increased spending on certain programs, including data, largely offset by a reduction in the payout under the Transformation Bonus Program.
Citi’s transformation initiatives will continue to entail significant investments during 2025 and beyond. Citi’s transformation initiatives in 2025 will continue to focus on (i) automating regulatory processes and remediating data quality issues, particularly related to regulatory reporting, and (ii) further strengthening stress testing and resolution and recovery capabilities.
Progress
Notwithstanding Citi’s investments and remediation efforts, as set forth in the FRB’s 2024 Civil Money Penalty Consent Order, the FRB found that, based on examinations conducted by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, Citigroup had ongoing deficiencies related to its data quality management program and inadequate measures for managing and controlling its data quality risks. In addition, as set forth in the OCC’s 2024 Civil Money Penalty Consent Order and the Amendment, the OCC deemed that Citibank had failed to make sufficient and sustainable progress toward achieving compliance with the OCC’s 2020 Consent Order. As a result, Citi has made changes to its governance and structure of its data program as well as increased the level of investment in the program. For additional information about Citi’s transformation investments, see “Transformation Focus Areas and Status” above.
Despite the ongoing regulatory challenges and risks, Citi’s transformation progress includes the following:
Improved Risk Management
•
Closed the 2013 Consent Order with the FRB related to anti-money laundering and Bank Secrecy Act deficiencies
•
Built greater efficiency and scale in the risk management of Citi’s global