Citibank, are regulated and supervised by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC). The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) also has examination authority for banking subsidiaries whose deposits it insures. Overseas branches of Citibank are regulated and supervised by the FRB and OCC and overseas subsidiary banks by the FRB. These overseas branches and subsidiary banks are also regulated and supervised by regulatory authorities in the host countries. In addition, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau regulates consumer financial products and services. Citi is also subject to laws and regulations concerning the collection, use, sharing and disposition of certain customer, employee and other personal and confidential information, including those imposed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act and the EU General Data Protection Regulation. For more information on U.S. and foreign regulation affecting or potentially affecting Citi, see “Capital Resources,” “Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk” and “Risk Factors” above.
Other Bank and Bank Holding Company Regulation
Citi, including its banking subsidiaries, is subject to regulatory limitations, including requirements as to liquidity, risk-based capital and leverage (see “Capital Resources” above and Note 20), restrictions on the types and amounts of loans that may be made and the interest that may be charged, and limitations on investments that can be made and services that can be offered. The FRB may also expect Citi to commit resources to its subsidiary banks in certain circumstances. Citi is also subject to anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws, including standards for verifying client identification at account opening and obligations to monitor client transactions and report suspicious activities.
Securities and Commodities Regulation
Citi conducts securities underwriting, brokerage and dealing activities in the U.S. through Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (CGMI), its primary broker-dealer, and other broker-dealer subsidiaries, which are subject to regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and certain exchanges. Citi conducts similar securities activities outside the U.S., subject to local requirements, through various subsidiaries and affiliates, principally Citigroup Global Markets Limited in London (CGML), which is regulated principally by the U.K.
Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA), and Citigroup Global Markets Japan Inc. in
Tokyo, which is regulated principally by the Financial Services Agency of Japan.
Citi also has subsidiaries that are members of futures exchanges and derivatives clearinghouses. In the U.S., CGMI is a member of the principal U.S. futures exchanges and clearinghouses, and Citi has subsidiaries that are registered as futures commission merchants and commodity pool operators with the Commodity Futures Trading