prior-year period were primarily driven by the reallocation of nontransferable HQLA, which did not change total average HQLA, and thus did not impact Citi’s LCR ratio.
(1)     Foreign government debt includes securities issued or guaranteed by foreign sovereigns, agencies and multilateral development banks. Foreign government debt securities are held largely to support local liquidity requirements and Citi’s local franchises and principally include government bonds from Japan, Korea, the United Kingdom, Mexico and Hong Kong.
The table above includes average amounts of HQLA held at Citigroup’s operating entities that are eligible for inclusion in the calculation of Citigroup’s consolidated LCR, pursuant to the U.S. LCR rules. These amounts include the HQLA needed to meet the minimum requirements at these entities as well as any amounts in excess of these minimums that are available to be transferred to other entities within Citigroup. Citigroup’s average HQLA increased quarter-over-quarter as of the fourth quarter of 2024, primarily driven by an increase in average wholesale funding.
As of December 31, 2024, Citigroup had approximately $933 billion of available liquidity resources to support client and business needs, including end-of-period HQLA ($554 billion); additional unencumbered HQLA, including excess liquidity held at bank entities that is non-transferable to other entities within Citigroup ($227 billion); and unused borrowing capacity from available assets not already accounted for within Citi’s HQLA to support additional advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) and the Federal Reserve Bank discount window ($152 billion).
Short-Term Liquidity Measurement: Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)
In addition to internal 30-day liquidity stress testing performed for Citi’s major entities, operating subsidiaries and countries, Citi also monitors its liquidity by reference to the LCR.
The LCR is calculated by dividing HQLA by estimated net outflows assuming a stressed 30-day period, with the net outflows determined by standardized stress outflow and inflow rates prescribed in the LCR rule. The outflows are partially offset by contractual inflows from assets maturing within 30 days. Similar to outflows, the inflows are calculated based on prescribed factors to various asset categories, such as retail loans as well as unsecured and secured wholesale lending. The minimum LCR requirement is 100%.
The table below details the components of Citi’s LCR calculation and HQLA in excess of net outflows for the periods indicated:
Note: The amounts are presented on an average basis.
As of
December 31, 2024
, Citigroup’s average LCR decreased from the quarter ended
September 30, 2024
. The decrease was primarily driven by increased market activity and client lending within Citi’s broker-dealer subsidiaries, partially offset by the increase in average HQLA
.
In addition, considering Citi’s total available liquidity resources at quarter end of $933 billion, Citi