instrument as well as the nature of the underlying collateral. Generally, when such instruments are recorded at fair value, they are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, as the inputs used in the valuation are readily observable. However, certain long-dated positions are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
Trading Account Assets and Liabilities—Trading Securities and Trading Loans
When available, the Company uses quoted market prices in active markets to determine the fair value of trading securities; such items are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Examples include government securities and exchange-traded equity securities.
For bonds and secondary market loans traded over the counter, the Company generally determines fair value utilizing various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flows, price-based and internal models. Where internal valuation techniques are used to determine fair value estimates, prices from independent sources, including third-party vendors, are utilized when possible. A price-based methodology utilizes, where available, quoted prices or other market information obtained from recent trading activity of instruments with similar characteristics to the bond or loan being valued. The yields used in discounted cash flow models are derived from the same price information. Trading securities and loans priced using such methods are generally classified as Level 2.
However, when the significant inputs to the valuation are unobservable, or prices from independent sources are insufficient to corroborate valuation, a loan or security is generally classified as Level 3. Where internal valuation techniques are used to determine fair value estimates, prices from independent sources, including third-party vendors, are utilized when possible.
When the Company’s principal exit market for a portfolio of loans is through securitization, the Company uses the securitization price as a key input into the fair value of the loan portfolio. The securitization price is determined from the assumed proceeds of a hypothetical securitization within the current market environment. Where such a valuation approach is possible, loan portfolios are typically classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
For most of the subprime mortgage-backed security (MBS) exposures, fair value is determined utilizing observable transactions where available, or other valuation techniques such as discounted cash flow analysis utilizing valuation assumptions derived from similar, more observable securities as market proxies. The valuation of certain asset-backed security (ABS) collateralized debt obligation (CDO) positions is inferred through the net asset value of the underlying assets of the ABS CDO.
Trading Account Assets and Liabilities—Derivatives
Exchange-traded derivatives, measured at fair value using quoted (i.e., exchange) prices in active markets, where available, are classified as