annual deferred compensation structure from granting deferred cash awards for certain regulated employees to deferred stock awards. Certain employees located in countries that have regulations or tax advantages for offering deferred cash or deferred cash stock units received those types of awards as a part of their annual incentive compensation rather than deferred stock.
Subject to certain exceptions (principally, for retirement-eligible employees), continuous employment within Citigroup is required to vest in deferred annual incentive awards. Post employment vesting by retirement-eligible employees and participants who meet other conditions is generally conditioned upon their compliance with certain restrictions during the remaining vesting period.
Generally, the deferred awards vest in equal annual installments over
four years
. Vested stock awards are delivered in shares of common stock. Deferred cash awards are payable in cash and, except as prohibited by applicable regulatory guidance, earn a fixed notional rate of interest that is paid only if and when the underlying principal award amount vests. Deferred cash stock unit awards are payable in cash at the vesting value of the underlying stock. The value of each deferred stock unit is equal to one share of Citigroup stock, and the award will fluctuate with changes in the stock price. Recipients of deferred stock awards and deferred cash stock unit awards, however, may, except as prohibited by applicable regulatory guidance, be entitled to receive or accrue dividend-equivalent payments during the vesting period. Generally, in the EU, vested shares are subject to a restriction on sale or transfer after vesting, and vested deferred cash awards and deferred cash stock units are subject to hold back (generally, for
6
or
12
months based on the award type).
Stock awards, deferred cash stock units and deferred cash awards are subject to one or more cancellation and clawback provisions that apply in certain circumstances, including gross misconduct and in the circumstances required by SEC rule 10D-1.
Outstanding (Unvested) Stock Awards
A summary of the status of unvested stock awards granted as discretionary annual incentive or sign-on and replacement stock awards is presented below:
(1)
The weighted-average fair value of the shares granted during 2023 and 2022 was $
49.36
and $
65.07
, respectively.
(2)
The total fair value of stock awards that vested during the years ending 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
1.1
billion, $
835
million and $
863
million, respectively.
Total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock awards was $
1.1
billion at December 31, 2024. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
1.7
years.
Performance Share Units
Certain senior executives were awarded performance share units (PSUs) every February from 2021 to 2024, for performance in the year prior to the award date. Each award referenced two forward-looking three-year performance metrics.