corporate customers. As an example, with respect to the U.K., only 43% of corporate loans presented in the table below are to U.K. domiciled counterparties (47% for unfunded commitments), with the balance of the loans predominately to counterparties domiciled in other European countries. Approximately 90% of the total U.K. funded loans and 87% of the total U.K. unfunded commitments were investment grade as of December 31, 2024.
Trading account assets and investment securities are generally categorized based on the domicile of the issuer of the security of the underlying reference entity. For additional information on the assets included in the table, see the footnotes to the table below.
For additional information on Citi’s country exposure, see “FFIEC—Cross-Border Claims on Third Parties and Local Country Assets” below.
(1)
Wealth
loans reflect funded corporate loans and Private Bank loans, net of unearned income. As of December 31, 2024, Private Bank loans in the table above totaled $18.6 billion, concentrated in Hong Kong ($5.9 billion), Singapore ($4.8 billion) and the U.K. ($3.8 billion).
(2)    Other funded includes Legacy Franchises and other direct exposures such as accounts receivable, loans HFS, other loans in Corporate/Other and investments accounted for under the equity method.
122
(3)    Unfunded exposure includes unfunded corporate lending commitments, letters of credit and other contingencies.
(4)    Net mark-to-market (MTM) counterparty risk on OTC derivatives and securities lending/borrowing transactions (repos). Exposures are net of collateral and inclusive of CVA. Also includes margin loans.
(5)    Investment securities include debt securities AFS, recorded at fair market value, and debt securities HTM, recorded at amortized cost.
(6)    Trading account assets are on a net basis and include issuer risk on cash products and derivative exposure where the underlying reference entity/issuer is located in that country.
(7)    As of December 31, 2023, $0.3 billion of
All Other
—Legacy Franchises loans were reclassified to HFS as a result of Citi’s agreement to sell its credit card portfolio in China. There were no such balances to report as of December 31, 2024 or September 30, 2024. See “
All Other
—Legacy Franchises” above and Note 2.
Russia
Overview
Citi previously ended nearly all of the institutional banking services it offered in Russia and ceased soliciting any new business or new clients in the country, with the remaining services only those necessary to fulfill its remaining legal and regulatory obligations, as well as support its employees.
Citi’s net investment in Russia was less than $0.1 billion as of December 31, 2024 (down from $0.2 billion at September 30, 2024). The decrease in the net investment was driven by increases in transfer risk associated with safety and soundness considerations under U.S. banking law, partially offset by an increase in interest income and custody revenue during the quarter. For more