period. VaR statistics, which are based on historical data, can be materially different across firms due to differences in portfolio composition, VaR methodologies and model parameters. As a result, Citi believes VaR statistics can be used more effectively as indicators of trends in risk-taking within a firm, rather than as a basis for inferring differences in risk-taking across firms.
Citi uses a single, independently approved Monte Carlo simulation VaR model (see “VaR Model Review and Validation” below), which has been designed to capture material risk sensitivities (such as first- and second-order
sensitivities of positions to changes in market prices) of various asset classes/risk types (such as interest rate, credit spread, foreign exchange, equity and commodity risks). Citi’s VaR includes positions that are measured at fair value; it does not include investment securities classified as AFS or HTM. See Note 14 for information on these securities.
Citi believes its VaR model is conservatively calibrated to incorporate fat-tail scaling and the greater of short-term (approximately the most recent month) and long-term (18 months for commodities and three years for others) market volatility. The Monte Carlo simulation involves approximately 550,000 market factors, making use of approximately 480,000 time series, with sensitivities updated daily, volatility parameters updated intra-monthly and correlation parameters updated monthly. As of December 31, 2024, Citi estimates that the conservative features of the VaR calibration contribute an approximate 24% add-on to what would be a VaR estimated under the assumption of stable and perfectly, normally distributed markets.
As presented in the table below, Citi’s average trading VaR decreased $10 million from 2023 to 2024, due to reduced volatility and changes in exposure. Citi’s average trading and credit portfolio VaR decreased $15 million, in line with the decline in average trading VaR.
Year-end and Average Trading VaR and Trading and Credit Portfolio VaR
(1)
Covariance adjustment (also known as diversification benefit) equals the difference between the total VaR and the sum of the VaRs tied to each risk type. The benefit reflects the fact that the risks within individual and across risk types are not perfectly correlated and, consequently, the total VaR on a given day will be lower than the sum of the VaRs relating to each risk type. The determination of the primary drivers of changes to the covariance adjustment is made by an examination of the impact of both model parameter and position changes.
(2)    The total trading VaR includes mark-to-market and certain fair value option trading positions with the exception of hedges of the loan portfolio, fair value option loans and all CVA exposures. Available-for-sale and accrual exposures are not included.
(3)     The specific risk-only component represents the level of equity and fixed income issuer-specific risk embedded in VaR.
(4)     The credit