and Japanese yen, and approximately $0.1 billion each from the Chinese yuan and Indian rupee. The remaining impact is spread across more than 30 additional currencies.
In a 100 bps upward rate shock scenario, Citi expects that the approximate $1.2 billion initial negative impact to
AOCI
could potentially be offset in shareholders’ equity through the expected recovery of the impact on
AOCI
through accretion of Citi’s investment portfolio and expected net interest income benefit over a period of approximately seven months.
71
Scenario Analysis
The following table presents the estimated impact to Citi’s net interest income and
AOCI
under eight different interest rate scenarios for the U.S. dollar and all other currencies in which Citi has invested capital as of March 31, 2025. The 100 bps and 200 bps downward rate scenarios potentially may be impacted by the low level of interest rates in several countries and the assumption that market interest rates, as well as rates paid to depositors and charged to borrowers, do not fall below zero (i.e., the “flooring assumption”). The interest rate scenarios are also impacted by convexity related to mortgage products and deposit pricing.
Note: Each scenario assumes that the rate change will occur instantaneously. Changes in interest rates for maturities between the overnight rate and the 10-year rate are interpolated. The interest rate exposure in the table above assumes no change in deposit size or mix from the baseline forecast included in the different interest rate scenarios presented. As a result, in higher interest rate scenarios, customer activity resulting in a shift from non-interest-bearing and low interest rate deposit products to higher-yielding deposits would reduce the expected benefit to net interest income. Conversely, in lower interest rate scenarios, customer activity resulting in a shift from higher-yielding deposits to non-interest-bearing and low interest rate deposit products would reduce the expected decrease to net interest income.
(1)
The Scenario 1 impact of $1,470 million consists of the following top five non-U.S. dollar currencies as of March 31, 2025 by absolute size: approximately $(0.1) billion from the euro, $0.2 billion from the British pound sterling and Japanese yen, and approximately $0.1 billion each from the Chinese yuan and Indian rupee. The remaining balance is spread across more than 30 additional currencies.
(2)
Includes the effect of changes in interest rates on
AOCI
related to investment securities, cash flow hedges and pension liability adjustments.
As presented in the table above, the estimated impact to Citi’s net interest income is larger in the short end compared to the long end as Citi’s Banking Book has relatively higher interest rate exposure to the short end of the yield curve. For the U.S. dollar, exposure to downward rate shocks is larger in magnitude than to upward rate shocks. This is because of the lower benefit to net interest income from Citi’s