requirements and other factors.
As previously announced, during the first quarter of 2025, Citi plans to repurchase $1.5 billion of common shares, subject to market conditions and other factors. After the first quarter of 2025, Citi will continue to assess common share repurchases on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
For additional information on capital-related risks, trends and uncertainties, see “Regulatory Capital Standards and Developments” as well as “Risk Factors—Strategic Risks,” “—Operational Risks” and “—Compliance Risks” below.
Capital Management
Citi’s capital management framework is designed to ensure that Citigroup and its principal subsidiaries maintain sufficient capital consistent with each entity’s respective risk profile, management targets and all applicable regulatory standards and guidelines. Citi assesses its capital adequacy against a series of internal quantitative capital goals, designed to evaluate its capital levels in expected and stressed economic environments. Underlying these internal quantitative capital goals are strategic capital considerations, centered on preserving and building financial strength.
Citi’s Chief Risk Officer (CRO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) co-chair Citigroup’s Capital Committee, which includes Citi’s Treasurer and other senior executives. The Citigroup Capital Committee, with oversight from the Risk Management Committee of Citigroup’s Board of Directors, has responsibility for Citi’s aggregate capital structure, including the capital assessment and planning process, which is integrated into Citi’s capital plan. Balance sheet management, including oversight of capital adequacy for Citigroup’s subsidiaries, is governed by each entity’s Asset and Liability Committee, where applicable.
For additional information regarding Citi’s capital planning and stress testing exercises, see “Stress Testing Component of Capital Planning” below.
Current Regulatory Capital Standards
Citi is subject to regulatory capital rules issued by the FRB, in coordination with the OCC and FDIC, including the U.S. implementation of the Basel III rules (for information on potential changes to the Basel III rules, see “Regulatory Capital Standards and Developments” and “Risk Factors—Strategic Risks” below). These rules establish an integrated capital adequacy framework, encompassing both risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios. Banking and broker-dealer subsidiaries of Citigroup are also subject to local capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate, which impact allocations of capital within Citigroup, and may restrict the ability to remit earnings to Citigroup. The availability of such earnings may impact the ability of Citigroup to engage in return of capital to common shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, absorb potential losses and support business growth.
Risk-Based Capital Ratios
The U.S. Basel III rules set forth the composition of regulatory capital (including the