annual maturities of long-term debt obligations (based on final maturity dates) including trust preferred securities are as follows:
The following table summarizes Citi’s outstanding trust preferred securities at December 31, 2024:
Note: Distributions on the trust preferred securities and interest on the subordinated debentures are payable semiannually for Citigroup Capital III and quarterly for Citigroup Capital XIII.
(1)
Represents the notional value received by outside investors from the trusts at the time of issuance. This differs from Citi’s balance sheet carrying value due primarily to unamortized discount and issuance costs.
(2)
In each case, the coupon rate on the subordinated debentures is the same as that on the trust preferred securities.
(3)
The spread incorporates the original contractual spread and a
26.161
bps tenor spread adjustment.
236
20.
REGULATORY CAPITAL
Citigroup is subject to risk-based capital and leverage standards issued by the Federal Reserve Board, which constitute the U.S. Basel III rules. Citi’s U.S.-insured depository institution subsidiaries, including Citibank, are subject to similar standards issued by their respective primary bank regulatory agencies. These standards are used to evaluate capital adequacy and include the required minimums
presented in the following table. The regulatory agencies are required by law to take specific, prompt corrective actions with respect to institutions that do not meet minimum capital standards.
The following table presents for Citigroup and Citibank the regulatory capital tiers, total risk-weighted assets, quarterly adjusted average total assets, Total Leverage Exposure, risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios:
(1)
Leverage ratio denominator.
(2)
Supplementary Leverage ratio denominator.
(3)
Citi’s binding CET1 Capital and Tier 1 Capital ratios were derived under the Basel III Standardized Approach, whereas Citi’s binding Total Capital ratio was derived under the Basel III Advanced Approaches framework for both periods presented. Citibank’s binding CET1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital and Total Capital ratios were derived under the Basel III Advanced Approaches framework for both periods presented.
N/A  Not applicable
As indicated in the table above, Citigroup and Citibank were “well capitalized” under the current federal bank regulatory agencies definitions as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Banking Subsidiaries—Constraints on Dividends
There are various legal limitations on the ability of Citigroup’s subsidiary depository institutions to extend credit, pay dividends or otherwise supply funds to Citigroup and its non-bank subsidiaries. The approval of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency is required if total dividends declared in any calendar year were to exceed amounts specified by the agency’s regulations.
In determining the dividends, each subsidiary depository institution must also consider its effect on applicable risk-based capital and leverage ratio requirements,