significant in determining the amounts of other-than-temporary impairments, impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets, provisions for probable losses that may arise from credit-related exposures, probable and estimable losses related to litigation and regulatory proceedings, and income taxes. While management makes its best judgment, actual amounts or results could differ from those estimates.
Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash Flows
Cash equivalents are composed of those amounts included in
Cash and due from banks
and
Deposits with banks
. Certain cash balances are restricted by regulatory or contractual requirements.
See Note 28 for additional information on restricted cash.
Related Party Transactions
The Company has related party transactions with certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates. These transactions, which are primarily short-term in nature, include cash accounts, collateralized financing transactions, margin accounts, derivative transactions, charges for operational support and the borrowing and lending of funds, and are entered into in the ordinary course of business.
160
ACCOUNTING CHANGES
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
, intended to improve reportable segments disclosure requirements primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The ASU includes a requirement to disclose significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (CODM) and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss, the title and position of the CODM, an explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources, and all segments’ profit or loss and assets disclosures currently required annually by Topic 280 along with those introduced by the ASU to be reported on an interim basis. The amendments also clarified that public entities are not precluded from reporting additional measures of a segment’s profit or loss that are regularly used by the CODM.
Citi adopted the ASU on a retrospective basis for its annual period ending December 31, 2024 and the ASU for the interim period beginning January 1, 2025. See Note 3 for further details.
Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions
In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-03,
Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions
. The ASU was issued to address diversity in practice whereby certain entities included the impact of contractual restrictions when valuing equity securities, and it clarifies that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security should not be