increased 11%, driven by the higher investment fee revenues, as well as higher deposit spreads and volumes, reflecting the transfer of relationships and the associated deposits from
USPB
.
Expenses
decreased 2%, mainly driven by benefits from prior repositioning and restructuring actions, partially offset by higher volume-related expenses and technology investments focused on risk and controls and platform enhancements.
Provisions
were a benefit of $126 million, compared to a benefit of $3 million in the prior year, largely driven by a higher net ACL release. The higher net ACL release was primarily due to a change in the ACL associated with the margin lending portfolio.
For additional information on Citi’s ACL, see “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates” below.
For additional information on
Wealth
’s
loan portfolios, see “Managing Global Risk—Credit Risk—Consumer Credit” below.
For additional information about trends, uncertainties and risks related to
Wealth
’s future results, see “Executive Summary” above and “Risk Factors” below.
26
U.S. PERSONAL BANKING
U.S. Personal Banking (USPB)
includes Branded Cards and Retail Services, with proprietary credit card portfolios (Value, Rewards and Cash) and co-branded card portfolios (including Costco and American Airlines) within Branded Cards, and co-brand and private label relationships within Retail Services (including, among others, The Home Depot, Best Buy, Macy’s and Sears).
USPB
also includes Retail Banking, which provides traditional banking services to retail and small business customers.
In December 2024, Citi announced a 10-year extension and expansion of its co-branded credit card partnership with American Airlines. In addition, Citi reached an agreement to acquire the Barclays American Airlines co-branded card portfolio and will begin transitioning cardmembers to the Citi portfolio in 2026. With the acquisition of the Barclays portfolio, Citi will become American Airlines’ exclusive credit card issuing partner in 2026.
At December 31, 2024,
USPB
had 642 retail bank branches concentrated in the six key metropolitan areas of New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Washington, D.C. and Miami.
USPB
had $171 billion in outstanding credit card balances, $89 billion in deposits, $46 billion in mortgages and $5 billion in personal and small business loans. For additional information on
USPB
’s end-of-period consumer loan portfolios and metrics, see “Managing Global Risk—Credit Risk—Consumer Credit” below.
27
(1)    Primarily related to retail banking and credit card-related fees.
(2)    Primarily related to revenue incentives from card networks and partners.
(3)    Management uses this information in reviewing the segment’s results and believes it is useful to investors concerning underlying segment performance and trends.
(4)    Excludes loans that are carried at fair value for all periods.
(5)    Represents the number of new credit card accounts opened.
NM  Not