average external credit rating, disregarding any insurance, is Aa2/AA. In the event of an external rating downgrade or other indicator of credit impairment (i.e., based on instrument-specific estimates of cash flows or probability of issuer default), the subject bond is specifically reviewed for adverse changes in the amount or timing of expected contractual principal and interest payments.
For AFS state and municipal bonds with unrealized losses that Citi plans to sell or would more-likely-than-not be required to sell prior to recovery of value, the full impairment is recognized in earnings. For AFS state and municipal bonds where Citi has no intent to sell and it is not more-likely-than-not that the Company will be required to sell, Citi records an allowance for expected credit losses for the amount it expects not to collect, capped at the difference between the bond’s amortized cost basis and fair value.
Recognition and Measurement of Impairment
The following table presents total impairment on AFS investments recognized in earnings:
207
Allowance for Credit Losses on AFS Debt Securities
The allowance for credit losses on AFS debt securities held that the Company does not intend to sell nor will likely be required to sell was $
6
million and $
8
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Non-Marketable Equity Securities Not Carried at
Fair Value
Non-marketable equity securities are required to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings unless (i) the measurement alternative is elected or (ii) the investment represents Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock or certain exchange seats that continue to be carried at cost.
The election to measure a non-marketable equity security using the measurement alternative is made on an instrument-by-instrument basis. Under the measurement alternative, an equity security is carried at cost plus or minus changes resulting from observable prices in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. The carrying value of the equity security is adjusted to fair value on the date of an observed transaction. Fair value may differ from the observed transaction price due to a number of factors, including marketability adjustments and differences in rights and obligations when the observed transaction is not for the identical investment held by Citi.
Equity securities under the measurement alternative, which are composed of private equity investments, are also assessed for impairment. On a quarterly basis, management qualitatively assesses whether each equity security under the measurement alternative is impaired. Impairment indicators that are considered include, but are not limited to, the following:
•
a significant deterioration in the earnings performance, credit rating, asset quality or business prospects of the investee;
•
a significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic or technological environment of the