clients are permitted by U.S. law, Citi may continue to engage in such activities. Citi, in its First Quarter of 2024 Form 10-Q, identified one transaction pursuant to Section 219, and Citi, in its Second Quarter of 2024 Form 10-Q, identified 27 transactions pursuant to Section 219. Citi did not identify any reportable activities pursuant to Section 219 during the third quarter of 2024.
During the fourth quarter of 2024, Citigroup identified one transaction pursuant to Section 219. On November 19, 2024, Citibank, N.A. processed a transaction between the Central Bank of Iran (the CBI) and an international organization. The CBI sent funds in yen, through Citibank, N.A., Tokyo Branch, which were then converted to U.S. dollars and transferred to the international organization’s U.S. dollar account at Citibank, N.A., New York Branch. The total value of the payment was USD 18,245,109.21. The transaction represented a payment for the Government of Iran’s membership dues to the international organization and was processed pursuant to general licenses issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control. Citibank realized approximately USD 3,559.18 for incoming and outgoing payments fees and a foreign exchange transaction fee.
313
UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND DIVIDENDS
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
None.
Equity Security Repurchases
All large banks, including Citi, are subject to limitations on capital distributions in the event of a breach of any regulatory capital buffers, including the Stress Capital Buffer, with the degree of such restrictions based on the extent to which the buffers are breached. For additional information, see “Capital Resources—Regulatory Capital Buffers” and “Risk Factors—Strategic Risks,” “—Operational Risks” and “—Compliance Risks” above.
The following table summarizes Citi’s common share repurchases for the fourth quarter of 2024:
(1)    Repurchases not made pursuant to any publicly announced plan or program.
(2)    During the fourth quarter, pursuant to Citigroup’s Board of Directors’ authorization, Citi withheld an insignificant number of shares of common stock, added to treasury stock, related to activity on employee stock programs to satisfy the employee tax requirements.
On January 13, 2025, Citigroup’s Board of Directors authorized a new, multiyear $20 billion common stock repurchase program, beginning in the first quarter of 2025. Repurchases by Citigroup under this common stock repurchase program are subject to quarterly approval by Citigroup’s Board of Directors; may be effected from time to time through open market purchases, trading plans established in accordance with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules, or other means; and, as determined by Citigroup, may be subject to satisfactory market conditions, Citigroup’s capital position and capital requirements, applicable legal requirements and other factors.
As previously