Conservation Buffer, is unaffected by Citigroup’s SCB.
Capital Conservation Buffer and Countercyclical Capital Buffer
Citigroup is subject to a fixed 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer under the Advanced Approaches. Citibank is subject to the fixed 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer under both the Advanced Approaches and the Standardized Approach.
In addition, Advanced Approaches banking organizations, such as Citigroup and Citibank, are subject to a discretionary Countercyclical Capital Buffer. The Countercyclical Capital Buffer is currently set at 0% by the U.S. banking agencies.
GSIB Surcharge
The FRB imposes a risk-based capital surcharge upon U.S. bank holding companies that are identified as GSIBs, including Citi (for information on potential changes to the GSIB surcharge, see “Regulatory Capital Standards and Developments” and “Risk Factors—Strategic Risks” below). The GSIB surcharge augments the SCB, Capital Conservation Buffer and, if invoked, any Countercyclical Capital Buffer.
Citi, as a GSIB, is annually required to calculate a surcharge using two methods and is subject to the higher of the resulting two surcharges. The first method (method 1) is based on the Basel Committee’s GSIB methodology. Under the second method (method 2), the substitutability category under the Basel Committee’s GSIB methodology is replaced with a quantitative measure intended to assess a GSIB’s reliance on short-term wholesale funding. In addition, method 1 incorporates relative measures of systemic importance across certain global banking organizations and a year-end spot foreign exchange rate, whereas method 2 uses fixed
measures of systemic importance and application of an average foreign exchange rate over a three-year period. The GSIB surcharges calculated under both method 1 and method 2 are based on measures of systemic importance from the year immediately preceding that in which the GSIB surcharge calculations are being performed (e.g., the method 1 and method 2 GSIB surcharges calculated during 2025 will be based on 2024 systemic indicator data). Generally, Citi’s surcharge determined under method 2 will be higher than its surcharge determined under method 1.
Should a GSIB’s systemic importance change year-over-year, such that it becomes subject to a higher GSIB surcharge, the higher surcharge would become effective on January 1 of the year that is one full calendar year after the increased GSIB surcharge was calculated (e.g., a higher surcharge calculated in 2025 using data as of December 31, 2024 would not become effective until January 1, 2027). However, if a GSIB’s systemic importance changes such that the GSIB would be subject to a lower surcharge, the GSIB would be subject to the lower surcharge on January 1 of the year immediately following the calendar year in which the decreased GSIB surcharge was calculated (e.g., a lower surcharge calculated in 2025 using data as of December 31, 2024 would become effective January 1, 2026).
The following table