management, global payments, clearing, international funds transfer and other trade services. Such fees are recognized as/when the associated service is satisfied, which normally occurs at the point in time the service is requested by the customer and provided by Citi. Transactional service fees are earned primarily by
Services.
See Note 3 for segment results.
Insurance distribution revenue consists of commissions earned from third-party insurance companies for marketing and selling insurance policies on behalf of such entities. Such commissions are recognized in
Commissions and fees
at the point in time the associated service is fulfilled, generally when the insurance policy is sold to the policyholder. Sales of certain insurance products include a portion of variable consideration associated with the underlying product. In these instances, a portion of the revenue associated with the sale of the policy is not recognized until the variable consideration becomes fixed and determinable. The Company recognized $
165
million, $
188
million and $
201
million of revenue related to such variable consideration for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These amounts primarily relate to performance obligations satisfied in prior periods. Insurance distribution revenue is earned primarily by
USPB
and
All Other.
See Note 3 for segment results.
Insurance premiums consist of premium income from insurance policies that Citi has underwritten and sold to policyholders. Insurance premiums are earned primarily by Legacy Franchises within
All Other
. See Note 3 for segment results.
173
The following table presents
Commissions and fees
revenue:
(1)    For the periods presented, the contract liability amount was negligible.
(2)    The Company recognized $
442
million, $
448
million and $
538
million of revenue related to variable consideration for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These amounts primarily relate to performance obligations satisfied in prior periods.
(3)    As described above, Citi’s credit card programs have certain partner sharing agreements that vary by partner.
(4)    Consists primarily of fees earned from structuring and underwriting loan syndications or related financing activity. This activity is accounted for under ASC 310.
(5)
Commissions and fees
include $(
11,076
) million, $(
11,367
) million and $(
11,008
) million not accounted for under ASC 606,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
, for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Amounts reported in
Commissions and fees
accounted for under other guidance primarily include card-related loan fees, card reward programs and certain partner payments, corporate finance fees, insurance premiums and loan servicing fees.
174
Administration and Other Fiduciary Fees
Administration and other fiduciary fees
revenue is primarily composed of custody fees and fiduciary fees.
The custody product is composed of numerous services