and postretirement benefit plans’ weighted-average asset allocations for the non-U.S. plans and the actual ranges, and the weighted-average target allocations by asset category based on asset fair values, are as follows:
(1)
Similar to the U.S. plans, asset allocations for certain non-U.S. plans are set by investment strategy, not by investment product.
186
Fair Value Disclosure
For information on fair value measurements, including descriptions of Levels 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy and the valuation methodology utilized by the Company, see Notes 1 and 26. Investments measured using the NAV per share practical expedient are excluded from Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 in the tables below.
Certain investments may transfer between the fair value hierarchy classifications during the year due to changes in valuation methodology and pricing sources.
Plan assets by detailed asset categories and the fair value hierarchy are as follows:
(1)
The investments of the U.S. pension and postretirement benefit plans are commingled in one trust. At December 31, 2024, the allocable interests of the U.S. pension and postretirement benefit plans w
ere
98.0
% and
2.0
%,
respectively. The investments of the VEBA Trust for postretirement benefits are reflected in the above table.
(1)
The investments of the U.S. pension and postretirement benefit plans are commingled in one trust. At December 31, 2023, the allocable interests of the U.S. pension and postretirement benefit plans were
98.0
% and
2.0
%, respectively. The investments of the VEBA Trust for postretirement benefits are reflected in the above table.
187
188
Level 3 Rollforward
The reconciliations of the beginning and ending balances during the year for Level 3 assets are as follows:
189
Investment Strategy
The Company’s global pension and postretirement funds’ investment strategy is to invest in a prudent manner for the exclusive purpose of providing benefits to participants. The investment strategies are targeted to produce a total return that, when combined with the Company’s contributions to the funds, will maintain the funds’ ability to meet all required benefit obligations. Risk is controlled through diversification of asset types and investments in domestic and international equities, fixed income securities and cash and short-term investments. The target asset allocation in most locations outside the U.S. is primarily in equity and debt securities. These allocations may vary by geographic region and country depending on the nature of applicable obligations and various other regional considerations. The wide variation in the actual range of plan asset allocations for the funded non-U.S. plans is a result of differing local statutory requirements and economic conditions. For example, in certain countries local law requires that all pension plan assets must be invested in fixed income investments, government funds or local-country securities.
Significant Concentrations of Risk in Plan Assets
The