(2)    As of March 31, 2025, in
USPB
, Branded Cards ACLL/EOP loans was 6.6% and Retail Services ACLL/EOP loans was 11.8%.
(3)    See footnote 4 in “U.S. Personal Banking” above for the description of a change in reporting.
(4)
All Other
(managed basis) excludes divestiture-related impacts (Reconciling Items) related to (i) Citi’s divestitures of its Asia Consumer businesses and (ii) the planned IPO of Mexico Consumer/SBMM (Banamex) within Legacy Franchises. The Reconciling Items are reflected in Citi’s Consolidated Statement of Income. See “
All Other
—Divestiture-Related Impacts (Reconciling Items)” above.
(5)    Includes the ACL on
Other assets
and
Held-to-maturity debt securities
. The ACL on
Other assets
includes ACL related to transfer risk associated with exposures outside the U.S., driven by safety and soundness considerations under U.S. banking law.
Citi’s reserves for expected credit losses on funded loans and for unfunded lending commitments, standby letters of credit and financial guarantees are reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in the
Allowance for credit losses on loans
(ACLL) and
Other liabilities
(for Allowance for credit losses on unfunded lending commitments (ACLUC)), respectively. In addition, Citi’s reserves for expected credit losses on other financial assets carried at amortized cost, including held-to-maturity securities, reverse repurchase agreements, securities borrowed, deposits with banks and other financial receivables are reflected in
Other assets
. These reserves, together with the ACLL and ACLUC, are referred to as the ACL. Changes in the ACL are reflected as
Provision for
credit losses
in the Consolidated Statement of Income for each reporting period. Citi’s ability to estimate expected credit losses over the reasonable and supportable (R&S) period is based on the ability to forecast economic activity over a R&S timeframe. The R&S forecast period is eight quarters.
The ACL is composed of quantitative and qualitative management adjustment components. The quantitative component uses three forward-looking macroeconomic forecast scenarios—base, upside and downside. The qualitative management adjustment component includes risks not fully captured in the quantitative component. Both the quantitative and qualitative components are further discussed below.
86
Quantitative Component
Citi estimates expected credit losses for its quantitative component using (i) its comprehensive internal data on loss and default history, (ii) internal credit risk ratings, (iii) external credit bureau and rating agencies information and (iv) R&S forecasts of macroeconomic conditions.
For its consumer and corporate portfolios, Citi’s expected credit losses are determined primarily by utilizing models that consider the borrowers’ probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and exposure at default (EAD). The loss likelihood and severity models used for estimating expected credit losses are sensitive to changes in