other factors as required by banking supervisory guidance for the ACL. The primary examples of these are the following:
•
Transfer risk associated with exposures outside the U.S., driven by safety and soundness considerations under U.S. banking law
•
Potential impacts on vulnerable industries and regions due to emerging macroeconomic risks and uncertainties, including those related to potential global recession, inflation, interest rates, commodity prices and geopolitical tensions
•
Risk associated with consumer payment behavior given the elevated inflationary and interest rate environment
As of the fourth quarter of 2024, Citi’s qualitative component of the ACL decreased quarter-over-quarter. The decrease was driven by factors such as a release related to reserves for specific risks and uncertainties impacting vulnerable industries and regions.
Macroeconomic Variables
As further discussed below, Citi considers various global macroeconomic variables for the base, upside and downside probability-weighted macroeconomic scenario forecasts it uses to estimate the quantitative component of the ACL. Citi’s forecasts of the U.S. unemployment rate and U.S. real GDP growth rate represent the macroeconomic variables that most significantly affect its estimate of the ACL.
The tables below present Citi’s forecasted quarterly average U.S. unemployment rate and year-over-year U.S. real GDP growth rate used in determining the base macroeconomic forecast for Citi’s ACL at each quarterly reporting period from 4Q23 to 4Q24:
(1)    Represents the average unemployment rate for the rolling, forward-looking eight quarters in the forecast horizon.
(1)    The year-over-year growth rate is the percentage change in the real (inflation adjusted) GDP level.
Under the base macroeconomic forecast as of the fourth quarter of 2024, U.S. real GDP growth is expected to slow during 2025 and 2026, while the unemployment rate is expected to increase in 2025, but decline in 2026.
Scenario Weighting
Citi’s ACL is estimated using three probability-weighted macroeconomic scenarios—base, upside and downside. The macroeconomic scenario weights are estimated using a statistical model, which, among other factors, takes into consideration key macroeconomic drivers of the ACL, severity of the scenario and other macroeconomic uncertainties and risks. Citi evaluates scenario weights on a quarterly basis.
Citi’s downside scenario incorporates more adverse macroeconomic assumptions than the base scenario. For example, compared to the base scenario, Citi’s downside scenario reflects a recession, including an elevated average U.S. unemployment rate of 6.8% over the eight-quarter R&S period, with a peak difference of 3.4% in the second quarter of 2026. The downside scenario also reflects a year-over-year U.S. real GDP contraction in 2025 of 1.8%, with a peak quarter-over-quarter difference to the base scenario of 1.3%.
Citi’s ACL is sensitive to the various macroeconomic scenarios that drive the