clients, customers, investors, regulators and the public. Citi’s response to the war in Ukraine, including any action or inaction, may have a negative impact on Citi’s reputation with some or all of these parties.
For example, Citi is exposed to reputational risk as a result of its remaining presence in Russia and association with Russian individuals or entities, whether subject to sanctions or not, including Citi’s inability to support its global clients in Russia, which could adversely affect its broader client relationships and businesses; current involvement in transactions or supporting activities involving Russian assets or interests; failure to correctly interpret and apply laws and regulations, including those related to sanctions; perceived misalignment of Citi’s actions to its stated strategy in Russia; and the reputational impact from Citi’s activity and engagement with Ukraine or with non-Russian clients exiting their Russia businesses.
While Citi announced its intention to wind down its businesses in Russia, Citi will continue to manage those operations during the wind-down process and will be required to maintain certain limited operations to fulfill its remaining legal and regulatory obligations. Also, sanctions and sanctions compliance are highly complex and may change over time and result in increased operational risk. Failure to fully comply with relevant sanctions or the application of sanctions where they should not be applied may negatively impact Citi’s reputation. In addition, Citi currently performs services for, conducts business with or deals in non-sanctioned Russian-owned businesses and Russian assets. This has attracted, and will likely continue to attract, negative attention, despite the previously disclosed plan to wind down nearly all its activities in the country, cessation of new business and client originations, and reduction of other exposures.
Citi’s continued presence or divestiture of businesses in Russia could also increase its susceptibility to cyberattacks that could negatively impact its relationships with clients and customers, harm its reputation, increase its compliance costs and adversely affect its business operations and results of operations. For additional information on operational and cyber risks, see “Risk Factors—Operational Risks” above.
Board of Directors’ Role in Overseeing Related Risks
The Citigroup Board of Directors (Board) and the Board’s Risk Management Committee (RMC) and its other Committees receive regular reports from senior management regarding global geopolitical, macroeconomic and reputational impacts to Citi (including the war in Ukraine and its impact on Citi’s operations in Russia and Ukraine).
The reports to the Board and its Committees from senior management who represent the impacted businesses and the international cluster,
Independent Risk Management, Finance, Independent Compliance Risk Management, including those individuals responsible for sanctions compliance, and