$10.1 billion, compared to $9.2 billion in the prior year. The increase was driven by higher net credit losses in Branded Cards and Retail Services in
USPB
, reflecting the continued maturation of multiple cards loan vintages originated in recent years. The maturation was delayed by unprecedented levels of government stimulus during the pandemic. In addition, the increase was due to macroeconomic pressures related to the elevated inflationary and interest rate environment impacting both card portfolios, with lower FICO band customers primarily driving the increase. The higher net credit losses were partially offset by a lower net build in the allowance for credit losses (ACL), primarily due to a smaller build related to transfer risk associated with exposures outside the U.S. (approximately $0.2 billion in 2024 versus $1.9 billion in 2023), driven by safety and soundness considerations under U.S. banking law. For additional information on Citi’s ACL, see “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates—Citi’s Allowance for Credit Losses (ACL)” below.
Net credit losses of $9.0 billion increased 40% from the prior year. Consumer net credit losses of $8.6 billion increased 39%, largely reflecting the continued rise in net credit loss rates in Branded Cards and Retail Services. Corporate net credit losses increased to $397 million from $250 million in the prior year.
Subject to evolving macroeconomic conditions, Citi expects to continue to experience an elevated net credit loss rate for full-year 2025 in line with 2024, with higher loss rates in the first half of the year in Branded Cards and Retail Services consistent with seasonal patterns. Citi also expects that its future ACL builds will be driven by both the macroeconomic environment and business volumes, among other factors. For additional information on Citi’s consumer and corporate credit costs, see each respective business’s results of operations and “Credit Risk” below.
In January 2025, a series of wildfires affected the Los Angeles metropolitan area and surrounding regions, causing loss of life and the destruction of more than 16,000 structures. While Citi continues to assess the wildfires’ impact on its customers and clients in the affected areas, Citi does not currently expect the wildfires to have a direct material impact to its consumer or corporate credit portfolios or its overall results of operations.
Capital
Citigroup’s CET1 Capital ratio was 13.6% as of December 31, 2024, compared to 13.4% as of December 31, 2023, based on the Basel III Standardized Approach for determining risk weighted assets (RWA). The increase was primarily driven by net income and a decrease in RWA, partially offset by the payment of common and preferred dividends, as well as common share repurchases and net adverse movements in
Accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI)
.
In 2024, Citi repurchased $2.5 billion of common shares and paid $4.2 billion of common dividends (see “Unregistered
Sales of