financial services to a range of client segments consisting of affluent, high net worth and ultra-high net worth clients. These services include banking, lending, mortgages, investment, custody and trust product offerings in 20 countries, including the U.S., Mexico and four wealth management centers: Singapore, Hong Kong, the UAE and London. Private Bank provides financial services to ultra-high net worth clients through customized product offerings. Citigold provides financial services to affluent and high net worth clients through elevated product offerings and financial relationships. Wealth at Work provides financial services to
professional industries (including law firms, consulting groups, accounting and asset management) through tailored solutions.
At March 31, 2025,
Wealth
had $309 billion in deposits, $595 billion in client investment assets and $147 billion in loans, including $88 billion in mortgage loans, $31 billion in margin loans, $23 billion in personal, small business and other loans and $5 billion in outstanding credit card balances. For additional information on
Wealth
’s end-of-period consumer loan portfolios and metrics, see “Managing Global Risk—Credit Risk—Consumer Credit” below.
23
(1)    See footnote 1 in “Results of Operations—Summary of Selected Financial Data” above for the description of a change in presentation.
(2)    Primarily related to fiduciary and administrative fees.
(3)    Primarily related to principal transactions revenue including FX translation.
(4)    Management uses this information in reviewing the segment’s results and believes it is useful to investors concerning underlying segment performance and trends.
(5)    Includes assets under management, and trust and custody assets.
NM  Not meaningful
1Q25 vs. 1Q24
Net income
was $284 million, compared to $175 million in the prior-year period, driven by higher revenues, largely offset by higher cost of credit.
Revenues
increased 24%, driven by growth across Citigold, Private Bank and Wealth at Work. Net interest income increased 30%, driven by growth in deposit spreads, partially offset by lower deposit balances. Non-interest revenue increased 16%, primarily driven by higher investment fee revenues on growth in client investment assets.
Client balances increased 7%, driven by higher client investment assets (up 16%), reflecting strong net new investment assets (NNIA) generation and higher market valuations. NNIA increased $16.5 billion in the quarter and more than $56 billion in the last 12 months, representing 11% organic growth.
Average deposits decreased 2%, driven by a shift in deposits to higher-yielding investments on the
Wealth
platform and other operating outflows, largely offset by client transfers to Citigold from
USPB
($14 billion at the time of transfer over the last 12 months). Average loans decreased 2%, driven by the transfers of certain relationships and associated mortgage loans to
USPB
from
Wealth
, largely offset by growth in secured