covering calendar year 2024, see Citi’s upcoming 2025 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in March 2025.
13
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
SUMMARY OF SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
Citigroup Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries
Table continues on the next page, including footnotes.
14
SUMMARY OF SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
(Continued)
Citigroup Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries
(1)    The return on average common stockholders’ equity is calculated using net income less preferred stock dividends divided by average common stockholders’ equity. The return on average total Citigroup stockholders’ equity is calculated using net income divided by average Citigroup stockholders’ equity.
(2)    RoTCE and TBVPS are non-GAAP financial measures. For information on RoTCE and TBVPS, see “Capital Resources—Tangible Common Equity, Book Value Per Share, Tangible Book Value Per Share and Return on Equity” below.
(3)    Represents the year-over-year growth rate in basis points (bps) of
Total revenues, net of interest expense
less the year-over-year growth rate of
Total operating expenses
. Positive operating leverage indicates that the revenue growth rate was greater than the expense growth rate.
(4)    Citi’s binding CET1 Capital and Tier 1 Capital ratios were derived under the Basel III Standardized Approach as of December 31, 2024, 2023, 2022 and 2021, and were derived under the Basel III Advanced Approaches framework as of December 31, 2020. Citi’s binding Total Capital ratio was derived under the Basel III Advanced Approaches framework for all periods presented.
(5)    Dividends declared per common share as a percentage of net income per diluted share.
(6)    Total common dividends declared plus common share repurchases as a percentage of net income available to common shareholders (
Net income
less preferred dividends). See “Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity,” Note 11 and “Equity Security Repurchases” below for the component details.
15
SEGMENT REVENUES AND INCOME (LOSS)
REVENUES
INCOME
(1)
All Other
(managed basis) excludes divestiture-related impacts (Reconciling Items) related to (i) Citi’s divestitures of its Asia Consumer businesses and (ii) the planned IPO of Mexico Consumer/SBMM within Legacy Franchises. The Reconciling Items are fully reflected in the various line items in Citi’s Consolidated Statement of Income. See “
All Other
—Divestiture-Related Impacts (Reconciling Items)” below.
NM  Not meaningful
16
SELECT BALANCE SHEET ITEMS BY SEGMENT
(1)
—DECEMBER 31, 2024
(1)
The information presented in the table above reflects select GAAP balance sheet items by reportable segment and component. This table does not include intersegment funding.
(2)
Consolidating eliminations for total Citigroup and Citigroup parent company items are recorded within
All Other.
(3)
The majority of long-term debt of Citigroup is reflected on the Citigroup parent company balance sheet (see Notes 19 and 31). Citigroup allocates stockholders’ equity and