can also increase Citi’s risk of significant losses. For example, Citi routinely executes a high volume of securities, trading, derivative and foreign exchange transactions with non-U.S. sovereigns and with counterparties in the financial services industry, including banks, insurance companies, investment banks, governments, central banks and other financial institutions. Moreover, Citi has indemnification obligations in connection with various transactions that expose it to concentrations of risk, including credit risk from hedging or reinsurance arrangements related to those obligations (see Note 28). A rapid deterioration of a large borrower or other counterparty or within a sector or country in which Citi has large exposures or indemnifications or unexpected market dislocations could lead to concerns about the creditworthiness of other borrowers or counterparties in a certain geography and in related or dependent industries, and such conditions could cause Citi to incur significant losses.
LIQUIDITY RISKS
Citi’s Businesses, Results of Operations and Financial Condition Could Be Negatively Impacted if It Does Not Effectively Manage Its Liquidity.
As a large, global financial institution, adequate liquidity and sources of funding are essential to Citi’s businesses. Citi’s liquidity, sources of funding and costs of funding can be significantly and negatively impacted by factors it cannot control, such as general disruptions in the financial markets; changes in fiscal and monetary policies; regulatory requirements, including changes in regulations; negative investor or counterparty perceptions of Citi’s creditworthiness; deposit outflows or unfavorable changes in deposit mix; unexpected increases in cash or collateral requirements; credit ratings; and the consequent inability to monetize available liquidity resources. In addition, Citi competes with other banks
60
and financial institutions for both institutional and consumer deposits, which represent Citi’s most stable and lowest cost source of long-term funding. The competition for deposits has continued to increase in recent years, including as a result of quantitative tightening by central banks and fixed income alternatives for customer funds.
Citi’s costs to obtain and access wholesale funding are directly related to changes in interest and currency exchange rates and its credit spreads. Changes in Citi’s credit spreads are driven by both external market factors and factors specific to Citi, such as negative views by investors of the financial services industry or Citi’s financial prospects, and can be highly volatile. For additional information on Citi’s primary sources of funding, see “Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk” below.
Citi’s ability to obtain funding may be impaired and its cost of funding could also increase if other market participants are seeking to access the markets at the same time or to a greater extent than expected, or if market appetite for corporate debt securities