operations of the issuer;
•
the intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value; and
•
the length of time and extent to which fair value has been less than the carrying value.
209
15.
LOANS
Citigroup loans are reported in
two
categories: corporate and consumer. These categories are classified primarily according to the operating segment, reporting unit and component that manage the loans in addition to the nature of the obligor, with corporate loans generally made for corporate institutional and public sector clients around the world and consumer loans to retail and small business customers.
CORPORATE LOANS
Corporate loans represent loans and leases managed by
Services
,
Markets
,
Banking
and the Mexico SBMM component of
All Other—
Legacy Franchises
.
The following table presents information by corporate loan type:
(1)
North America includes the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico. Mexico is included in offices outside North America. The classification between offices in North America and outside North America is based on the domicile of the booking unit. The difference between the domicile of the booking unit and the domicile of the managing unit is not material.
(2)
Loans secured primarily by real estate.
(3)
Installment and other includes loans to SPEs and TTS commercial cards.
(4)
Corporate loans are net of unearned income of ($
969
) million and ($
917
) million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Unearned income on corporate loans primarily represents loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, that are deferred and recognized as
Interest income
over the lives of the related loans.
(5)
Not included in the balances above is approximately $
2
billion of accrued interest receivable at December 31, 2024 and 2023, which is included in
Other assets
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(6)
Accrued interest receivable considered to be uncollectible is reversed through interest income. Amounts reversed were not material for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
(7)
Represents fair value hedge basis adjustments related to portfolio-layer method hedges of mortgage and real estate loans, which are not allocated to individual loans in the portfolio. See Note 24.
The Company sold and/or reclassified to held-for-sale $
5.2
billion and $
5.7
billion of corporate loans during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company did not have significant purchases of corporate loans classified as held-for-investment for the years ended December 31, 2024 or 2023.
Delinquency Status
Citi generally does not manage corporate loans on a delinquency basis. See Note 1 for Citi’s policies related to corporate loans, including its non-accrual policy.
While corporate loans are generally managed based on their internally assigned risk rating (see further discussion below), the following tables present delinquency information by corporate loan type.