employees. Specifically, Citi’s continued ability to compete in each of its lines of business, to manage its businesses effectively and to execute its transformation, simplification and other priorities, including, for example, hiring employees to grow businesses or hiring employees to support Citi’s priorities, depends on its ability to hire new employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. If Citi is unable to continue to hire, retain and motivate highly qualified employees, Citi’s performance, including its competitive position, the execution of its transformation, simplification and other priorities and its results of operations could be negatively impacted.
Citi’s ability to attract, retain and motivate employees depends on numerous factors, some of which are outside of Citi’s control. For example, the competition for talent continues to be particularly intense due to various factors, such as changes in worker expectations, concerns and preferences, including demands for remote work options and other job
flexibility. Also, the banking industry generally is subject to more comprehensive regulation of employee compensation than other industries, including deferral and clawback requirements for incentive compensation, which can make it unusually challenging for Citi to compete in labor markets against businesses, including, for example, technology companies, that are not subject to such regulation. In addition, Citi recently completed a significant organizational simplification initiative, which included reducing management layers and significant reductions in functional roles that could continue to impact its ability to attract and retain employees.
Other factors that could impact Citi’s ability to attract, retain and motivate employees include, among other things, Citi’s presence in a particular market or region, the professional and development opportunities it offers, its reputation and its diversity. For information on Citi’s employee and workforce management, see “Human Capital Resources and Management” below.
Citi Faces Increased Competitive Challenges, Including from Financial Services and Other Companies and Emerging Technologies.
Citi operates in an increasingly evolving and competitive business environment, which includes both financial and non-financial services firms, such as traditional banks, online banks, private credit and financial technology companies and others. These companies compete on the basis of, among other factors, size, reach, quality and type of products and services offered, price, technology and reputation. Certain competitors may be subject to different and, in some cases, less stringent legal, regulatory and supervisory requirements, whether due to size, jurisdiction, entity type or other factors, placing Citi at a competitive disadvantage. Moreover, new or rapidly developing technologies with the potential to have significant economic or social effects (emerging technologies) also pose