impairment of purchased credit card relationships and contract-related intangibles or other losses (see Note 17 for information on Citi’s credit card related intangibles generally).
The Application of U.S. Resolution Plan Requirements May Pose a Greater Risk of Loss to Citi’s Debt and Equity Securities Holders, and Citi’s Inability in Its Resolution Plan Submissions to Address Any Shortcomings or Deficiencies or Guidance Could Subject Citi to More Stringent Capital, Leverage or Liquidity Requirements, or Restrictions on Its Growth, Activities or Operations, and Could Eventually Require Citi to Divest Assets or Operations.
Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act requires Citi to prepare and submit a plan to the FRB and the FDIC for the orderly resolution of Citigroup (the bank holding company) and its significant legal entities under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of future material financial distress or failure.
Under Citi’s preferred “single point of entry” resolution plan strategy, only Citigroup, the parent holding company, would enter into bankruptcy, while Citigroup’s material legal entities (as defined in the public section of its 2023 resolution plan, which can be found on the FRB’s and FDIC’s websites) would remain operational outside of any resolution or insolvency proceedings. As a result, Citigroup’s losses and any losses incurred by its material legal entity subsidiaries would be imposed first on holders of Citigroup’s equity securities and thereafter on its unsecured creditors, including holders of eligible long-term debt and other debt securities.
In addition, a wholly owned, direct subsidiary of Citigroup serves as a resolution funding vehicle (the intermediate holding company, or IHC) to which Citigroup has transferred, and has agreed to transfer on an ongoing basis, certain assets. The obligations of Citigroup and of the IHC, respectively, under the amended and restated secured support agreement, are secured on a senior basis by the assets of Citigroup (other than shares in subsidiaries of the parent company and certain other assets), and the assets of the IHC, as applicable. As a result, claims of the operating material legal entities against the assets of Citigroup with respect to such secured assets are effectively senior to unsecured obligations of Citigroup. Citi’s single point of entry resolution plan strategy and the obligations under the amended and restated secured support agreement may result in the recapitalization of and/or provision of liquidity to Citi’s operating material legal entities, and the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings by Citigroup at an earlier stage of financial stress than might otherwise occur without such mechanisms in place.
In line with the FRB’s total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) rule, Citigroup’s shareholders and unsecured creditors—including its unsecured long-term debt holders—would bear any losses resulting from Citigroup’s bankruptcy. Accordingly, any value realized by holders of its