phased in on January 1, 2022 and were fully reflected in Citi’s regulatory capital as of January 1, 2025.
As of December 31, 2024, Citigroup’s reported Standardized Approach CET1 Capital ratio of 13.6% benefited from the deferrals of the CECL transition provision by 8 basis points. For additional information on Citigroup’s and Citibank’s regulatory capital ratios excluding the impact of the CECL transition provision, see “Capital Resources (Full Adoption of CECL)” below.
Regulatory Capital Buffers
Citigroup and Citibank are required to maintain several regulatory capital buffers above the stated minimum capital requirements. These capital buffers would be available to absorb losses in advance of any potential impairment of regulatory capital below the stated minimum regulatory capital ratio requirements.
Banking organizations that fall below their regulatory capital buffers are subject to limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers based on a percentage of “Eligible Retained Income” (ERI), with increasing restrictions based on the severity of the breach. ERI is equal to the greater of (i) the bank’s net income for the four calendar quarters preceding the current calendar quarter, net of any distributions and tax effects not already reflected in net income, and (ii) the average of the bank’s net income for the four calendar quarters preceding the current calendar quarter.
As of December 31, 2024, Citi’s regulatory capital ratios exceeded the regulatory capital requirements. Accordingly,
34
Citi is not subject to payout limitations as a result of the U.S. Basel III requirements.
Stress Capital Buffer
Citigroup is subject to the FRB’s Stress Capital Buffer (SCB) rule, which integrates the annual stress testing requirements with ongoing regulatory capital requirements. The SCB equals the peak-to-trough CET1 Capital ratio decline under the Supervisory Severely Adverse scenario over a nine-quarter period used in the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) and Dodd-Frank Act Stress Testing (DFAST), plus four quarters of planned common stock dividends, subject to a floor of 2.5%. SCB-based capital requirements are reviewed and updated annually by the FRB as part of the CCAR process. For additional information regarding CCAR and DFAST, see “Stress Testing Component of Capital Planning” below. The fixed 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer will continue to apply under the Advanced Approaches (see below).
As of October 1, 2024, Citi’s required regulatory CET1 Capital ratio decreased to 12.1% from 12.3% under the Standardized Approach, incorporating the 4.1% SCB through September 30, 2025 and Citi’s current GSIB surcharge of 3.5%. Citi’s required regulatory CET1 Capital ratio under the Advanced Approaches (using the fixed 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer) remains unchanged at 10.5%. The SCB applies to Citigroup only; the regulatory capital framework applicable to Citibank, including the Capital