Citi’s Regulatory VaR in the last 12 months.
OTHER RISKS
For additional information regarding other risks, including Citi’s management of other risks, see “Managing Global Risk—Other Risks” in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
Country Risk
Country risk is defined as the exposure to potential loss caused by economic, financial or sociopolitical conditions or weaknesses in legal systems in a country or jurisdiction that Citi may be exposed to through its business activities. Country risk may impair the value of Citi’s franchise within a country or jurisdiction or adversely affect the ability of Citi to enforce the obligations of its obligors. Citi is exposed to country risk through its business activities such as lending, payments, investing and market-making activities, whether cross-border or locally funded, and including activity with corporations, governments and institutions in a country or jurisdiction.
Citi manages country risk through a comprehensive risk framework supported by governance committees and councils that oversee country risk exposures, including but not limited to relevant limits, concentrations, metrics and frameworks, stress testing, significant country developments and risk mitigation actions. This is supported by tools and processes designed to facilitate the objective, consistent and ongoing assessments of individual countries and jurisdictions and the risks that may arise from Citi’s business activities within them.
80
Top 25 Country Exposures
The following table presents Citi’s top 25 exposures by country (excluding the U.S.) as of March 31, 2025.
(Citi’s combined top 25 exposures by country and the U.S. represent 94% of Citi’s exposure to all countries as of March 31, 2025.)
Citi’s top 25 exposures by country may fluctuate from period to period due to a variety of factors, including client activity, market flows, FX fluctuations and liquidity management activities undertaken by Citi’s businesses.
For purposes of the table, beginning this quarter, amounts are reflected based on the country of risk of the obligor. In prior quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and annual reports on Form 10-K, amounts were reflected in the table in the country of the Citi booking center in which each transaction was booked. Prior periods have been conformed to reflect this
change, which provides a more meaningful risk view by aligning the country attribution with the country or jurisdiction where the risk lies. This change also aligns the disclosure with how risk is viewed, measured and managed by Citi.
The country of risk will generally be the same as the country of incorporation of the obligor, except in certain situations, such as where the source of repayment is concentrated in a different country or jurisdiction or where the obligor is guaranteed by a parent entity incorporated in a different country or jurisdiction (e.g., a Swiss-incorporated subsidiary that is guaranteed by a Chinese-incorporated parent would be reflected as China risk).
Investment