comprehensive governance, including policies, standards and procedures that dictate requirements and best practices around various program aspects, including, but not limited to, third-party risk management, data management, asset management, information security practices, security incident management and regulatory compliance. Citi’s Chief Information Security Organization’s risks and controls are
measured against its Cybersecurity Risk Appetite Statement, which was initially approved by the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors and is reapproved annually by Citi’s Risk Committee, chaired by Citi’s Chief Risk Officer. Citi’s Cybersecurity Risk Appetite Statement leverages key risk indicators to establish enterprise risk tolerance and define risk management strategy with respect to cyber and information security. Further, Citi actively participates in financial industry, government and cross-sector knowledge-sharing groups to enhance individual and collective cybersecurity preparedness and resilience.
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Governance
Citi’s technology and cybersecurity risk management program is built on Citi’s three lines of defense, each of which is integrated into Citi’s overall risk management systems and processes.
Citi’s Chief Information Security Office, which is led by Citi’s Head of Foundational Services and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), serves as the first line of defense. This office provides frontline business, operational and technical controls and capabilities to (1) protect against cybersecurity risks, and (2) respond to cyber incidents, including data breaches. Citi manages cybersecurity threats through its state-of-the-art fusion centers, which serve as central commands for monitoring and coordinating responses to cyber threats.
Citi’s Chief Information Security Organization is responsible for application and infrastructure defense and security controls, performing vulnerability assessments and third-party information security assessments (including cybersecurity risk assessments associated with Citi’s use of products and services from vendors and other third-party providers), employee awareness and training programs, and security incident management. In each case, the enterprise information security team works in coordination with a network of information security officers who are embedded within Citi’s global businesses and functions, consistent with Citi’s philosophy that all Citi stakeholders have a responsibility in managing cyber and information security risks.
Citi’s Technology and Cyber Compliance and Operational Risk Office (TCCORO) serves as the second line of defense. This office independently evaluates and challenges Citi’s risk mitigation practices and capabilities, from a fused operational risk and compliance lens. It functions as a joint second line of defense and in accordance with Citi’s Cybersecurity Risk Appetite Statement. TCCORO also advises first line partners in CISO,