capital requirements for credit risk and advanced measurement approaches to calculate risk-based capital requirements for operational risk.
AFS:
Available-for-sale
ALCO:
Asset and Liability Committee
Amortized cost:
Amount at which a financing receivable or investment is originated or acquired, adjusted for accretion or amortization of premium, discount, and net deferred fees or costs, collection of cash, charge-offs, foreign exchange and fair value hedge accounting adjustments. For AFS securities, amortized cost is also reduced by any impairment losses recognized in earnings. Amortized cost is not reduced by the allowance for credit losses, except where explicitly presented net.
AOCI:
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
ASC:
Accounting Standards Codification under GAAP issued by the FASB.
Asia Consumer:
Asia Consumer Banking
ASU:
Accounting Standards Update under GAAP issued by the FASB.
AUA:
Assets under administration
AUC:
Assets under custody
Available liquidity resources*:
Resources available at the balance sheet date to support Citi’s client and business needs, including HQLA assets; additional unencumbered securities, including excess liquidity held at bank entities that is non-transferable to other entities within Citigroup; and available assets not already accounted for within Citi’s HQLA to
support Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) and Federal Reserve Bank discount window borrowing capacity.
Basel III:
Liquidity and capital rules adopted by the FRB based on an internationally agreed set of measures developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision.
Beneficial interests issued by consolidated VIEs:
Represents the interest of third-party holders of debt, equity securities or other obligations, issued by VIEs that Citi consolidates.
Benefit obligation:
Refers to the projected benefit obligation for pension plans and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for OPEB plans.
BHC:
Bank holding company
Board:
Citigroup’s Board of Directors
Book value per share*:
EOP common equity divided by EOP common shares outstanding.
Bps:
Basis points. One basis point equals 1/100th of one percent.
Branded Cards:
Citi’s branded cards business with a portfolio of proprietary cards (Value, Rewards and Cash) and co-branded cards (including Costco and American Airlines).
Build:
A net increase in ACL through the provision for credit losses.
Card spend volume*:
Dollar amount of card customers’ gross purchases. Also known as purchase sales.
Cards:
Citi’s credit cards’ businesses or activities.
CCAR:
Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review
CCO:
Chief Compliance Officer
CDS:
Credit default swaps
CECL:
Current expected credit losses
CEO:
Chief Executive Officer
CET1 Capital:
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. See “Capital Resources—Components of Citigroup Capital” above within MD&A for the components of CET1.
CET1 Capital ratio*:
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio. A primary regulatory capital ratio representing end-of-period CET1 Capital divided by