cost and fair value of approximately $
3.3
billion and $
3.4
billion, respectively, into AFS as permitted under the guidance, and hedged them under the portfolio-layer method.
Reference Rate Reform
On December 21, 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-06,
Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848):
Deferral of the Sunset Date
of Topic 848
, which extends the period of time preparers can utilize the reference rate reform relief guidance. In 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04,
Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting
, which provides optional guidance to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects of) reference rate reform on financial reporting. In 2021, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) delayed the intended cessation date of certain tenors of USD LIBOR to June 30, 2023. To ensure that the relief in Topic 848 covers the period of time during which a significant number of modifications may take place, the ASU defers the sunset date of Topic 848 from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. The extension allows Citi to transition its remaining contracts and maintain hedge accounting. The ASU
was adopted by Citi upon issuance and did not impact financial results in 2022.
Multiple Macroeconomic Scenarios-Based ACL Approach
During the second quarter of 2022, Citi refined its ACL methodology to utilize multiple macroeconomic scenarios to estimate its allowance for credit losses. The ACL was previously estimated using a combination of a single base-case forecast scenario as part of its quantitative component and a component of its qualitative management adjustment that reflects economic uncertainty from downside macroeconomic scenarios. As a result of this change, Citi now explicitly incorporates multiple macroeconomic scenarios—base, upside, and downside—and associated probabilities in the quantitative component when estimating its ACL, while still retaining certain of its qualitative management adjustments.
This refinement represents a “change in accounting estimate” under ASC Topic 250,
Accounting Changes and Error Corrections
, with prospective application beginning in the period of change. This change in accounting estimate resulted in a decrease of approximately $
0.3
billion in the allowance for credit losses in the second quarter of 2022, partially offsetting an increase of $
0.8
billion in the allowance for credit losses due to the increased macroeconomic uncertainty and other factors in the second quarter of 2022.
FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03,
Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40)
,
to improve the disclosures of expenses by requiring public business entities to provide further disaggregation of relevant expense captions (i.e., employee compensation, depreciation, intangible asset amortization) in a