financial services to a range of client segments including affluent, high net worth and ultra-high net worth clients through banking, lending, mortgages, investment, custody and trust product offerings in 20 countries, including the U.S., Mexico and four wealth management centers: Singapore, Hong Kong, the UAE and London. Private Bank provides financial services to ultra-high net worth clients through customized product offerings. Wealth at Work provides financial services to professional industries (including law firms, consulting groups, accounting and asset management) through tailored solutions. Citigold and Citigold Private Client provide financial services to affluent and high net worth clients through elevated product offerings and financial relationships.
At December 31, 2024,
Wealth
had $313 billion in deposits, $587 billion in client investment assets and $148 billion in loans, including $89 billion in mortgage loans, $29 billion in margin loans, $24 billion in personal, small business and other loans and $5 billion in outstanding credit card balances. In addition,
Wealth
had net new investment asset flows of $42 billion during 2024. For additional information on
Wealth
’s end-of-period consumer loan portfolios and metrics, see “Managing Global Risk—Credit Risk—Consumer Credit” below.
25
(1)    Primarily related to fiduciary and administrative fees.
(2)    Primarily related to principal transactions revenue including FX translation.
(3)    Management uses this information in reviewing the segment’s results and believes it is useful to investors concerning underlying segment performance and trends.
(4)    Includes assets under management, and trust and custody assets.
NM  Not meaningful
2024 vs. 2023
Net income
was $1.0 billion, compared to $419 million in the prior year, reflecting higher revenues, lower expenses and a higher benefit from cost of credit.
Revenues
increased 7%, largely driven by an increase in non-interest revenue (up 15%), reflecting higher investment fee revenues on growth in client investment assets, as well as an increase in net interest income (up 2%). The increase in net interest income was mainly due to higher average deposit spreads and volumes, partially offset by higher mortgage funding costs.
Client balances increased 8%, primarily driven by higher client investment assets (up 18%), reflecting strong net new investment assets generation and higher market valuations.
Average deposits increased 2%, reflecting the transfers of relationships and the associated deposits from
USPB
($17 billion at the time of transfer over the last 12 months), partially offset by a shift in deposits to higher-yielding investments on Citi’s platform. Average loans decreased 1%, as
Wealth
continued to optimize capital usage.
Private Bank and Wealth at Work revenues both increased 2%, driven by the improved deposit spreads and the higher investment fee revenues, partially offset by the higher mortgage funding costs.
Citigold revenues