related to the administration, safekeeping and reporting for both U.S. and non-U.S. denominated securities. The services offered to clients include trade settlement, safekeeping, income collection, corporate action notification, record-keeping and reporting, tax reporting and cash management. These services are provided for a wide range of securities, including but not limited to equities, municipal and corporate bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, money market instruments, U.S. Treasuries and agencies, derivative instruments, mutual funds, alternative investments and precious metals. Custody fees are recognized as or when the associated service is satisfied, which normally occurs at the point in time the service is requested by the customer and provided by Citi. Custody fees are earned primarily by
Services
. See Note 3 for segment results.
Fiduciary fees consist of trust services and investment management services. As an escrow agent, Citi receives, safekeeps, services and manages clients’ escrowed assets, such as cash, securities, property (including intellectual property), contracts or other collateral. Citi performs its escrow agent duties by safekeeping the assets during the specified time period agreed upon by all parties and therefore earns its revenue evenly during the contract duration. Investment management services consist of managing assets on behalf of Citi’s retail and institutional clients. Revenue from these services primarily consists of asset-based fees for advisory accounts, which are based on the market value of the client’s assets and recognized monthly, when the market value is fixed. In some instances, the Company contracts with third-party advisors and with third-party custodians. The Company has determined that it acts as principal in the majority of these transactions and therefore presents the amounts paid to third parties gross within
Transactional and tax charges
. Fiduciary fees are earned primarily by
USPB
and Legacy Franchises within
All Other
. See Note 3 for segment results.
The following table presents
Administration and other fiduciary fees
revenue:
(1)
Administration and other fiduciary fees
include $
525
million, $
534
million and $
557
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, that are not accounted for under ASC 606,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
These generally include guarantee fees.
175
6.
PRINCIPAL TRANSACTIONS
Principal transactions
revenue consists of realized and unrealized gains and losses from trading activities. Trading activities include revenues from fixed income, equities, credit and commodities products and foreign exchange transactions that are managed on a portfolio basis and characterized below based on the primary risk managed by each trading desk (as such, the trading desks can be periodically reorganized and thus the risk categories). Not included in the table below is the impact of net interest income related to trading activities,