securities and trading account assets are generally categorized based on the domicile of the issuer of the security of the underlying reference entity.
(1)    Other funded includes other direct exposures such as loans HFS, other loans in Corporate/Other and investments accounted for under the equity method.
(2)    Unfunded commitments include unfunded corporate lending commitments, letters of credit and other contingencies, including clearing house guarantee funds.
(3)    Net counterparty exposure includes mark-to-market (MTM) exposures on OTC derivatives, carrying amounts of securities lending/borrowing transactions (repos) and margin loan balances. This exposure is also net of collateral and inclusive of CVA.
(4)    Investment securities include debt securities AFS, recorded at fair market value, and debt securities HTM, recorded at amortized cost.
(5)    Trading account assets are represented on a net basis and include issuer risk on both long and short debt and equity securities and derivative exposure.
81
Russia
Overview
Citi previously ended nearly all of the institutional banking services it offered in Russia and ceased soliciting any new business or new clients in the country, with the remaining services only those necessary to fulfill its remaining legal and regulatory obligations, as well as support its employees.
In addition, Citi significantly reduced its
All Other
—Legacy Franchises consumer loan portfolio in Russia (reported as part of Asia Consumer), largely due to loan portfolio sales and its entry into a credit card referral agreement with a Russian bank. For additional information, see “Citi’s Wind-Down of Its Russia Operations” below.
Citi’s remaining operations are conducted through
Services
,
Markets
,
Banking
and
All Other
—Legacy Franchises. Citi continues to monitor the war in Ukraine, related sanctions and economic conditions and continues to mitigate its Russia exposures and risks as appropriate.
For additional information about Citi’s risks related to its Russia exposures, see “Risk Factors—Market-Related Risks,” “—Operational Risks” and “—Other Risks” in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
Impact of the Russia–Ukraine War on Citi’s Businesses
Russia-related Balance Sheet Exposures
Citi’s remaining domestic operations in Russia are conducted through a subsidiary of Citibank, AO Citibank, which uses the Russian ruble as its functional currency.
The following table summarizes Citi’s and its clients’ Russia-related exposures:
(1)    Investment securities include debt securities AFS, recorded at fair market value, primarily local government debt securities.
(2)    Cash on deposit and placements are primarily with the Central Bank of Russia. Due to sanctions restrictions, as well as Citi being unable to enter into reverse repos beginning in the third quarter of 2024, any excess liquidity is placed with the Central Bank of Russia.
(3)    Represents dividends relating to Russian securities held by Citi in its role as custodian for clients