application of regulatory capital adjustments and deductions), as well as two comprehensive methodologies (a Standardized Approach and Advanced Approaches) for measuring total risk-weighted assets.
Total risk-weighted assets under the Standardized Approach include credit and market risk-weighted assets, which are generally prescribed supervisory risk weights. Total risk-weighted assets under the Advanced Approaches, which are primarily model based, include credit, market and operational risk-weighted assets. As a result, credit risk-weighted assets calculated under the Advanced Approaches are more risk sensitive than those calculated under the Standardized Approach. Market risk-weighted assets are currently calculated on a generally consistent basis under both the Standardized and Advanced Approaches. The Standardized Approach does not include operational risk-weighted assets.
Under the U.S. Basel III rules, Citigroup is required to maintain several regulatory capital buffers above the stated minimum capital requirements to avoid certain limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. Accordingly, for the fourth quarter of 2024, Citigroup’s required regulatory CET1 Capital ratio was 12.1% under the Standardized Approach (incorporating its Stress Capital Buffer of 4.1% and GSIB (Global Systemically
33
Important Bank) surcharge of 3.5%) and 10.5% under the Advanced Approaches (inclusive of the fixed 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer and GSIB surcharge of 3.5%).
Similarly, Citigroup’s primary subsidiary, Citibank, N.A. (Citibank), is required to maintain minimum regulatory capital ratios plus applicable regulatory buffers, as well as hold sufficient capital to be considered “well capitalized” under the Prompt Corrective Action framework. In effect, Citibank’s required CET1 Capital ratio was 7.0% under both the Standardized and Advanced Approaches, which is the sum of the minimum 4.5% CET1 requirement and a fixed 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer. For additional information, see “Regulatory Capital Buffers” and “Prompt Corrective Action Framework” below.
Further, the U.S. Basel III rules implement the “capital floor provision” of the Dodd-Frank Act (the so-called “Collins Amendment”), which requires banking organizations to calculate “generally applicable” capital requirements. As a result, Citi must calculate each of the three risk-based capital ratios (CET1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital and Total Capital) under both the Standardized Approach and the Advanced Approaches and comply with the more binding of each of the resulting risk-based capital ratios.
Leverage Ratio
Under the U.S. Basel III rules, Citigroup is also required to maintain a minimum Leverage ratio of 4.0%. Similarly, Citibank is required to maintain a minimum Leverage ratio of 5.0% to be considered “well capitalized” under the Prompt Corrective Action framework. The Leverage ratio, a non-risk-based measure of capital adequacy, is defined as Tier 1