asset value
NCL(s):
Net credit losses. Represents gross credit losses, less gross credit recoveries.
NCL ratio*:
Represents net credit losses (recoveries) (annualized), divided by average loans for the reporting period.
Net capital rule:
Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Net new investment asset flows:
Represents investment asset inflows, including dividends, interest and distributions, less investment asset outflows. Excluded from the calculation are the impacts of fees and commissions, market movement, internal transfers within Citi specific to systematic upgrades/downgrades with
USPB
and any impact from strategic decisions by Citi to exit certain markets or services. Also excluded from the calculation are net new investment assets associated with markets for which data was not available for current-period reporting.
322
NIM*:
Net interest margin expressed as a yield percentage, calculated as annualized net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets for the period.
NM:
Not meaningful
Noncontrolling interests:
The portion of an investment that has been consolidated by Citi that is not 100% owned by Citi.
Non-GAAP financial measure:
A non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of the Company’s historical or future financial performance, financial position or cash flows that (i) excludes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of excluding amounts, that are included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in the statement of income, balance sheet or statement of cash flows (or equivalent statements) of the Company; or (ii) includes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of including amounts, that are excluded from the most directly comparable measure so calculated and presented.
Note:
All “Note” references correspond to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements herein, unless otherwise indicated.
NSFR:
Net stable funding ratio
O/S:
Outstanding
OCC:
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
OCI:
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Operating leverage*:
Represents the year-over-year growth rate in basis points (bps) of
Total revenues, net of interest expense
less the year-over-year growth rate of
Total operating expenses
. A positive operating leverage percentage indicates that the revenue growth rate was greater than the expense growth rate.
OREO:
Other real estate owned
OTTI:
Other-than-temporary impairment
Over-the-counter cleared (OTC-cleared) derivatives:
Derivative contracts that are negotiated and executed bilaterally, but subsequently settled via a central clearing house, such that each derivative counterparty is only exposed to the default of that clearing house.
Over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives:
Derivative contracts that are negotiated, executed and settled bilaterally between two derivative counterparties, where one or both counterparties is a derivatives dealer.
Parent company:
Citigroup Inc.
Partner