compliance risk and promotes business conduct and activity that is consistent with Citi’s Mission and Value Proposition and the compliance risk appetite. Citi’s objective is to embed an enterprise-wide compliance risk management framework and culture that identifies, measures, monitors, controls and escalates compliance risk across Citi.
ICRM is aligned by business, function and geography to provide compliance risk management advice and credible challenge on day-to-day matters and strategic decision-making for key initiatives. ICRM also has program-level Enterprise Compliance units responsible for setting standards and establishing priorities for program-related compliance efforts. The CCO reports to Citi’s Chief Legal Officer and ICRM is organizationally part of the Global Legal Affairs & Compliance group. In addition, the CCO has matrix reporting into the CRO and is part of the Risk Management Executive Council.
69
Third Line of Defense: Internal Audit
Internal Audit is independent of the first line, second line and enterprise support functions. The role of Internal Audit is to provide independent, objective, reliable, valued and timely assurance to the Board, its Audit Committee, Citi senior management and regulators over the effectiveness of governance, risk management and controls that mitigate current and evolving risks and enhance the control culture within Citi. The Citi Chief Auditor manages Internal Audit and reports functionally to the Chair of the Citi Audit Committee and administratively to Citi’s CEO. The Citi Chief Auditor has unrestricted access to the Board and the Board Audit Committee to address risks and issues identified through Internal Audit’s activities.
Enterprise Support Functions
Enterprise support functions engage in activities that support safety and soundness across Citi. These functions provide advisory services and/or design, implement, maintain and oversee Company-wide programs that support Citi in maintaining an effective control environment.
Enterprise support functions are composed of Human Resources and Global Legal Affairs and Compliance (exclusive of ICRM, which is part of the second line of defense). Front line units may also include enterprise support units and/or conduct enterprise support activities (e.g., the Controllers Group within Finance).
Enterprise support functions, units and activities are subject to the relevant Company-wide independent oversight processes specific to the risks for which they are accountable (e.g., operational risk, compliance risk, reputation risk).
Risk Governance
Citi’s ERM Framework encompasses risk management processes to address risks undertaken by Citi through identification, measurement, monitoring, controlling and reporting of all risks. The ERM Framework integrates these processes with appropriate governance to complement Citi’s commitment to maintaining strong and consistent risk management practices.
Board Oversight
The Board is responsible for oversight of Citi and