In each year an award was granted, the metrics were equally weighted. For PSUs awarded in 2021, 2022 and 2023, the metrics were average return on tangible common equity and cumulative tangible book value per share. For PSUs awarded in 2024, the metrics were weighted-average return on tangible common equity and cumulative tangible book value per share. The award is settled solely in cash after the end of each performance period.
For all award years, if the total shareholder return is negative over the
three-year
performance period, executives may earn no more than
100
% of the target PSUs, regardless of the extent to which Citigroup outperforms against performance goals and/or peer firms. The number of PSUs ultimately earned could vary from
zero
, if performance goals are not met, to as much as
150
% of target, if performance goals are meaningfully exceeded. The reported financial metrics during the performance period are adjusted to reflect any mandatory equitable adjustments as required under the applicable award agreements for unusual and non-recurring items as presented to and approved by the Compensation, Performance Management and Culture (CPC) Committee.
For all award years, the value of each PSU is equal to the value of
one
share of Citi common stock. Dividend equivalents are forfeitable, accrued and paid on the number of earned PSUs after the end of the performance period.
177
PSUs are subject to variable accounting, pursuant to which the associated value of the award will fluctuate with changes in Citigroup’s stock price and the attainment of the specified performance goals for each award. The value of the award, subject to the performance goals and taking into account any mandatory equitable adjustments as per the terms of the award agreement, is estimated using a simulation model that incorporates multiple valuation assumptions, including the probability of achieving the specified performance goals of each award. The risk-free rate used in the model is based on the applicable U.S. Treasury yield curve.
Other significant assumptions for the awards are as follows:
A summary of the performance share unit activity for 2024 is presented below:
(1)    $
24.6
million in payments were processed for this program in 2024.
Transformation Program
In order to provide an incentive for select employees to effectively execute Citi’s transformation program, in August 2021 the Personnel and Compensation (P&C) Committee of Citigroup’s Board of Directors, the predecessor of the Compensation, Performance Management and Culture (CPC) Committee of Citigroup’s Board of Directors, approved a program for the select employees to earn additional compensation based on the achievement of Citi’s transformation goals from August 2021 through December 2024 and satisfaction of other conditions. Performance under the program is divided into
three
consecutive periods, ending on December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024. The awards are subject to variable accounting, pursuant to