6.5%, 8.0%, 10.0% and 5.0%, respectively, to be considered “well capitalized” under the revised Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) regulations applicable to insured depository institutions as established by the U.S. Basel III rules. Citibank must also maintain a required Supplementary Leverage ratio of 6.0% to be considered “well capitalized.”
(6)
Leverage ratio denominator. Represents quarterly average total assets less amounts deducted from Tier 1 Capital.
(7)
Supplementary Leverage ratio denominator.
As presented in the table above, Citibank’s capital ratios at March 31, 2025 were in excess of the regulatory capital requirements under the U.S. Basel III rules. In addition, Citibank was “well capitalized” as of March 31, 2025.
Citibank’s Supplementary Leverage ratio was 7.3% at March 31, 2025, compared to 7.1% at December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by net income and a decrease in Total Leverage Exposure, partially offset by the payment of common and preferred dividends.
39
Impact of Changes on Citigroup and Citibank Capital Ratios
The following tables present the hypothetical sensitivity of Citigroup’s and Citibank’s capital ratios to changes of $100 million in CET1 Capital, Tier 1 Capital and Total Capital (numerator), and changes of $1 billion in Advanced Approaches and Standardized Approach RWA and quarterly adjusted average total assets, as well as Total Leverage Exposure (denominator), as of March 31, 2025. This
information is provided for the purpose of analyzing the impact that a change in Citigroup’s or Citibank’s financial position or results of operations could have on these ratios. These sensitivities only consider a single change to either a component of capital, RWA, quarterly adjusted average total assets or Total Leverage Exposure. Accordingly, an event that affects more than one factor may have a larger basis point impact than is reflected in these tables.
Citigroup Broker-Dealer Subsidiaries
At March 31, 2025, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., a U.S. broker-dealer registered with the SEC that is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup, had net capital, computed in accordance with the SEC’s net capital rule, of $19 billion, which exceeded the minimum requirement by $14 billion.
Moreover, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, a broker-dealer registered with the United Kingdom’s Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) that is also an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup, had total regulatory capital of $27 billion at March 31, 2025, which exceeded the PRA’s minimum regulatory capital requirements.
In addition, certain of Citi’s other broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to regulation in the countries in which they do business, including requirements to maintain specified levels of net capital or its equivalent. Citigroup’s other principal broker-dealer subsidiaries were in compliance with their regulatory capital requirements at March 31, 2025.
40
Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)
The table below details