Officer for the U.S. Intelligence Community. The CISO is supported by a team of subject matter experts in security operations, network architecture, cyber and information security governance and cybersecurity operations. Citi’s Chief Information Security Office employs approximately 3,400 individuals to manage its operations.
Citi’s Chief Technology Officer (CTO) and Head of Emerging Technology and Strategic Partnerships, who also reports to Citi’s Chief Information Officer, has primary responsibility for technology policy, innovation enablement and strategy. Citi’s CTO has served in various technology roles at Citi since 2012, including most recently as Group Head of Engineering and Architecture. Prior to joining Citi, the CTO worked in equity linked technology at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Multiple management committees and functions also support Citi’s cyber and information security management.
The Chief Information Officer Committee (CIOC), which consists of, among others, the Head of Technology and Business Enablement, Citi’s Co-Chief Information Officers (who report to the Head of Technology and Business Enablement), the CISO, and the Head of TCCORO (who reports both to Citi’s Head of Operational Risk within the Risk organization and its Head of Global Functions Compliance within the Global Legal and Compliance organization), serves as an escalation forum for items requiring the attention of technology senior management, including approval of policies, and reports items requiring further escalation to the Technology Committee of the Board of Directors, as appropriate.
The Information Security Risk Operating Committee (ISROC) is chaired by the CISO and comprises senior members of the Chief Information Security Office and representatives from partner organizations. This committee sets the direction and prioritization for the implementation of the cyber and information security program across Citi. The committee reports and escalates to the CIOC, including for intermediary review and approval of policies escalated from the Information Technology Policy Council (see below). Any actions constituting risk exceptions are escalated to the ISRC.
The Security Architecture Council, which reports to the ISROC, is an oversight and decision-making body focused on ensuring that the target level of security architectural maturity is attained. This council is co-chaired by two representatives from the security architecture and cybersecurity services organizations.
Citi’s Information Technology Policy Council provides a centralized review to oversee consistency in the formation of information technology policies and standards. This counsel maintains oversight of policy document requirements to ensure that information technology policy documents meet Citi’s objectives as established internally and are in line with laws and regulations as identified and communicated by ICRM.
In addition, Citi regularly engages third parties globally to assess, audit and/or