framework was largely unchanged from year-end 2023, as the payment of common and preferred dividends, common share repurchases, net adverse movements in
AOCI
and an increase in RWA were offset by net income.
38
Components of Citigroup Capital
(1)
Issuance costs of
$67 million and $84 million re
lated to outstanding noncumulative perpetual preferred stock at December 31, 2024
and
2023, respectively, were excluded from common stockholders’ equity and netted against such preferred stock in accordance with FRB regulatory reporting requirements, which differ from those under U.S. GAAP.
(2)
Citi’s regulatory capital ratios and components reflect certain deferrals based on the modified regulatory capital transition provision related to the CECL standard. See “Capital Resources—Regulatory Capital Treatment—Modified Transition of the Current Expected Credit Losses Methodology” above.
(3)
Includes goodwill “embedded” in the valuation of significant common stock investments in unconsolidated financial institutions.
(4)
Of Citi’s $29.8 billion of net DTAs at
December 31, 2024
, $11.6 billion of net DTAs arising from net operating loss, foreign tax credit and general business credit tax carry-forwards, as well as $3.0 billion of DTAs arising from temporary differences that exceeded the 10% limitation, were excluded from Citi’s CET1 Capital as of
December 31, 2024
. DTAs arising from net operating loss, foreign tax credit and general business credit tax carry-forwards are required to be entirely deducted from CET1 Capital under the U.S. Basel III rules. DTAs arising from temporary differences are required to be deducted from capital only if they exceed 10%/15% limitations under the U.S. Basel III rules.
(5)
Assets subject to 10%/15% limitations include MSRs, DTAs arising from temporary differences and significant common stock investments in unconsolidated financial institutions. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, this deduction related only to DTAs arising from temporary differences that exceeded the 10% limitation.
(6)
Represents Citigroup Capital XIII trust preferred securities, which are permanently grandfathered as Tier 1 Capital under the U.S. Basel III rules.
39
(7)
Under the Standardized Approach, the allowance for credit losses is eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital up to 1.25% of credit risk-weighted assets, with any excess allowance for credit losses being deducted in arriving at credit risk-weighted assets, which differs from the Advanced Approaches framework, in which eligible credit reserves that exceed expected credit losses are eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital to the extent that the excess reserves do not exceed 0.6% of credit risk-weighted assets. The total amount of eligible credit reserves in excess of expected credit losses that were eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital, subject to limitation, under the Advanced Approaches framework were $5.1 billion and $3.9 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
40
Citigroup