Vintage Disclosures” below for a description of this new accounting.
Purchased Credit-Deteriorated (PCD) Assets
ASC 326 requires entities that have acquired financial assets (such as loans and HTM securities) with an intent to hold, to evaluate whether those assets have experienced a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination. These assets are subject to specialized accounting at initial recognition under CECL. Subsequent measurement of PCD assets will remain consistent with other purchased or originated assets, i.e., non-PCD assets. CECL introduced the notion of PCD assets, which replaced purchased credit impaired (PCI) accounting under prior U.S. GAAP.
CECL requires the estimation of credit losses to be performed on a pool basis unless a PCD asset does not share characteristics with any pool. If certain PCD assets do not meet the conditions for aggregation, those PCD assets should be accounted for separately. This determination must be made at the date the PCD asset is purchased. In estimating ECLs from day 2 onward, pools can potentially be reassembled based upon similar risk characteristics. When PCD assets are pooled, Citi determines the amount of the initial ACL at the pool level. The amount of the initial ACL for a PCD asset represents the portion of the total discount at acquisition that relates to credit and is recognized as a “gross-up” of the purchase price to arrive at the PCD asset’s (or pool’s) amortized cost. Any difference between the unpaid principal balance and the amortized cost is considered to be related to non-credit factors and results in a discount or premium, which is amortized to interest income over the life of the individual asset (or pool). Direct expenses incurred related to the acquisition of PCD assets and other assets and liabilities in a
business combination are expensed as incurred. Subsequent accounting for acquired PCD assets is the same as the accounting for originated assets; changes in the allowance are recorded in
Provisions for credit losses
.
Consumer
Citi does not purchase whole portfolios of PCD assets in its retail businesses. However, there may be a small portion of a purchased portfolio that is identified as PCD at the purchase date. Interest income recognition does not vary between PCD and non-PCD assets. A consumer financial asset is considered to be more-than-insignificantly credit deteriorated if it is more than 30 days past due at the purchase date.
Corporate
Citi generally classifies wholesale loans and debt securities classified as HTM or AFS as PCD when both of the following criteria are met: (i) the purchase price discount is at least 10% of par and (ii) the purchase date is more than 90 days after the origination or issuance date. Citi classifies HTM beneficial interests rated AA- and lower obtained at origination from certain securitization transactions as PCD when there is a significant difference (i.e., 10% or greater) between contractual cash flows,