Plan and other efforts by Citi to address the deficiencies and resolve the OCC and FRB Consent Orders will occur in a manner satisfactory, in both timing and sufficiency, to the FRB and OCC. (For additional information, see “Citi’s Multiyear Transformation” above.)
Although there are no restrictions on Citi’s ability to serve its clients, the OCC Consent Order requires Citibank to obtain prior approval of any significant new acquisition, including any portfolio or business acquisition, excluding ordinary course transactions.
Moreover, the OCC Consent Order provides that the OCC has the right to assess future civil money penalties or take other supervisory and/or enforcement actions. Such actions by the OCC could include imposing business restrictions, including possible additional limitations on the declaration or payment of dividends by Citibank and changes in directors and/or senior executive officers. More generally, the OCC and/or the FRB could again take enforcement or other actions if the regulatory agency believes that Citi has not met regulatory expectations regarding compliance with the consent orders.
The global judicial, regulatory and political environment has generally been challenging for large financial institutions, which have been subject to increased regulatory scrutiny. The complexity of the federal and state regulatory and enforcement regimes in the U.S., coupled with the global scope of Citi’s operations, also means that a single event or issue may give rise to a large number of overlapping investigations and regulatory proceedings, either by multiple federal and state agencies and authorities in the U.S. or by multiple regulators and other governmental entities in foreign jurisdictions, as well as multiple civil litigation claims in multiple jurisdictions. Violations of law by other financial institutions may also result in regulatory scrutiny of Citi. Responding to regulatory inquiries and proceedings can be time consuming and costly, and divert management attention from Citi’s businesses.
U.S. and non-U.S. regulators have been increasingly focused on the culture of financial services firms, including Citi, as well as “conduct risk,” a term used to describe the risks associated with behavior by employees and agents, including third parties, that could harm clients, customers, employees or the integrity of the markets, such as improperly creating, selling, marketing or managing products and services or improper incentive compensation programs with respect thereto, failures to safeguard a party’s personal information or failures to identify and manage conflicts of interest.
In addition to the greater focus on conduct risk, the general heightened scrutiny and expectations from regulators could lead to investigations and other inquiries, as well as remediation requirements, regulatory restrictions, structural changes, more regulatory or other enforcement proceedings, civil litigation and higher compliance and other risks and