and ratios, see “Capital Resources—Current Regulatory Capital Standards” above.
99
SECURED FUNDING TRANSACTIONS AND SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
Citi supplements its primary sources of funding with short-term financings that generally include (i) secured funding transactions consisting of securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase, i.e., repos, and (ii) to a lesser extent, short-term borrowings consisting of commercial paper issuances and borrowings from the FHLB and other market participants.
Secured Funding Transactions
Secured funding is primarily accessed through Citi’s broker-dealer subsidiaries, with a smaller portion executed through Citi’s bank entities to efficiently fund both (i) secured lending activity and (ii) a portion of the securities inventory held in the context of market making and customer activities. Secured funding transactions are predominantly collateralized by government debt securities. Generally, changes in the level of Citi’s secured funding are primarily due to fluctuations in secured lending activity in the matched book (as described below) and changes in securities inventory. In order to maintain reliable funding under a wide range of market conditions, Citi manages risks related to its secured funding by establishing secured funding limits and conducting daily stress tests that account for risks related to capacity, tenor, haircut, collateral type, counterparty and client actions.
Secured funding of $255 billion as of December 31, 2024 decreased 8% both year-over-year and sequentially, largely driven by lower financing to support trading-related assets within Citi’s broker-dealer subsidiaries. As of the quarter ended December 31, 2024, on an average basis, secured funding was $318 billion. The portion of secured funding in the broker-dealer subsidiaries that funds secured lending is commonly referred to as “matched book” activity and is primarily secured by high-quality liquid securities such as U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. agency securities and foreign government debt securities. Other “matched book” activity is secured by less liquid securities, including equity securities, corporate bonds and asset-backed securities, the tenor of which is generally equal to or longer than the tenor of the corresponding assets. As indicated above, the remaining portion of secured funding is used to fund securities inventory held in the context of market making and customer activities.
Short-Term Borrowings
Citi’s short-term borrowings of $49 billion as of December 31, 2024 increased 29% year-over-year, reflecting higher commercial paper issuances at the broker-dealer subsidiaries, as Citi continues to diversify its funding profile, and increased 17% sequentially, driven by the commercial paper issuances and normal business activity (see Note 19 for further information on Citigroup’s and its affiliates’ outstanding short-term borrowings).
100
CREDIT RATINGS
Citigroup’s funding and liquidity, funding capacity, ability to