Citi’s U.S. prime mortgage business has been to sell substantially all of its conforming loans. As such, U.S. prime mortgage conforming loans are classified as HFS and the fair value option is elected at origination, with changes in fair value recorded in
Other revenue
.
Changes in Loan Classification
Changes to the initial classification of a loan should be made only when there is a demonstrated change in management’s intent and ability (i.e., management now has the intent and
ability to sell the loan when it had previously intended to hold the loan for the foreseeable future or vice versa).
If a loan changes its classification from HFI to HFS, the related allowance for credit losses is reversed in earnings through the
Provision for credit losses
. Also, if the loan’s fair value is lower than the loan’s amortized cost basis due to credit deterioration, the initial downward difference is recorded as a direct write-off of the loan’s amortized cost basis through gross credit losses, which establishes the new cost basis of the loan immediately prior to transfer to HFS for purposes of applying the lower of cost or market value. Otherwise, any write down is recorded as an HFS valuation allowance (contra-
Other assets
) and charged to
Other revenue
.
On the other hand, if a loan changes its classification from HFS to HFI, any HFS valuation allowance is reversed through
Other revenue
. The loan is transferred to HFI at its amortized cost basis and assessed for an allowance for credit losses.
Allowances for Credit Losses (ACL)
The current expected credit losses (CECL) methodology is based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable (R&S) forecasts that affect the collectibility of the reported financial asset balances. If the asset’s life extends beyond the R&S forecast period, then historical experience is considered over the remaining life of the assets in the ACL. The resulting ACL is adjusted in each subsequent reporting period through
Provisions for credit losses
in the Consolidated Statement of Income to reflect changes in history, current conditions and forecasts as well as changes in asset positions and portfolios. ASC 326 defines the ACL as a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost of a financial asset to present the net amount that management expects to collect on the financial asset over its expected life. All financial assets carried at amortized cost are in the scope of ASC 326, while assets measured at fair value are excluded. See Note 14 for a discussion of impairment on available-for-sale (AFS) securities.
Increases and decreases to the allowances are recorded in
Provisions for credit losses
. The CECL methodology utilizes a lifetime expected credit loss (ECL) measurement objective for the recognition of credit losses for held-for-investment (HFI) loans, held-to-maturity (HTM) debt securities, receivables and other financial assets