funding transactions are predominantly collateralized by government debt securities. Generally, changes in the level of Citi’s secured funding are primarily due to fluctuations in secured lending activity in the matched book (as described below) and changes in securities inventory. In order to maintain reliable funding under a wide range of market conditions, Citi manages risks related to its secured funding by establishing secured funding limits and conducting daily stress tests that account for risks related to capacity, tenor, haircut, collateral type, counterparty and client actions.
Secured funding of $404 billion as of March 31, 2025 increased 35% year-over-year and increased 59% from the prior quarter, largely driven by additional financing to support increases in trading-related assets within Citi’s broker-dealer subsidiaries. As of the quarter ended March 31, 2025, on an average basis, secured funding was $372 billion. The portion of secured funding in the broker-dealer subsidiaries that funds secured lending is commonly referred to as “matched book” activity and is primarily secured by high-quality liquid securities such as U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. agency securities and foreign government debt securities. Other “matched book” activity is secured by less liquid securities, including equity securities, corporate bonds and asset-backed securities, the tenor of which is generally equal to or longer than the tenor of the corresponding assets. As indicated above, the remaining portion of secured funding is used to fund securities inventory held in the context of market making and customer activities.
Short-Term Borrowings
Citi’s short-term borrowings of $49 billion as of March 31, 2025 increased 54% year-over-year and 1% sequentially, compared to December 31, 2024. The year-over-year increase was mainly attributable to additional funding raised by non-bank entities to support client activities. See Note 18 for further information on Citigroup’s and its affiliates’ outstanding short-term borrowings.
68
Credit Ratings
The table below presents the current ratings for Citigroup and Citibank as of March 31, 2025. While not included in the table below, the current long-term and short-term ratings of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (CGMHI) were A+/F1 at Fitch Ratings, A2/P-1 at Moody’s Ratings and A/A-1 at S&P Global Ratings as of March 31, 2025.
Ratings as of March 31, 2025
Potential Impacts of Ratings Downgrades
Ratings downgrades by Fitch, Moody’s or S&P could negatively impact Citigroup’s and/or Citibank’s funding and liquidity due to reduced funding capacity, including derivative triggers, which could take the form of cash obligations and collateral requirements.
For additional information on the impact of credit rating changes on Citi and its applicable subsidiaries, see “Risk Factors—Liquidity Risks” and “Credit Ratings” in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K.
Citigroup Inc. and Citibank—Potential Derivative Triggers
As of March 31, 2025, Citi