periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, including without limitation that information required to be disclosed by Citi in its SEC filings is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Citi’s Disclosure Committee assists the CEO and CFO in their responsibilities to design, establish, maintain and evaluate the effectiveness of Citi’s disclosure controls and procedures. The Disclosure Committee is responsible for, among other things, the oversight, maintenance and implementation of the disclosure controls and procedures, subject to the supervision and oversight of the CEO and CFO.
Citi’s management, with the participation of its CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of Citigroup’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of March 31, 2025. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that at that date Citigroup’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO SECTION 219 OF THE IRAN THREAT REDUCTION AND SYRIA HUMAN RIGHTS ACT
Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (Section 219), which added Section 13(r) to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Citi is required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with certain individuals or entities that are the subject of sanctions under U.S. law. Disclosure may be required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. To the extent that transactions or dealings for its clients are permitted by U.S. law, Citi may continue to engage in such activities.
During the first quarter of 2025, Citigroup identified one transaction that was reportable pursuant to Section 219.
On January 14, 2025, Citibank, N.A., New York Branch participated in a transaction that indirectly involved the Foreign Trade Bank of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) when it processed a funds transfer from an international organization to the account of the DPRK’s Permanent Mission at the international organization’s federal credit union. The total value of the payment was USD 1,000,000.00 and its purpose was to fund the international organization’s humanitarian activities in the DPRK and the operations of the DPRK mission. This transaction was made pursuant to a license issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control on November 23, 2024, which expires on November 30, 2025. Citi realized nominal fees for the processing of the payment.
90
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain statements in this Form 10-Q, including but not limited to statements included within Management’s