account liabilities
, respectively.
(5)
Includes
Brokerage payables
.
111
MARKET RISK OF TRADING PORTFOLIOS
Trading portfolios include positions resulting from market-making activities, hedges of certain available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities, the CVA relating to derivative counterparties and all associated hedges, fair value option loans and hedges of the loan portfolio within capital markets origination. Management of the market risk of Citi’s trading portfolio is governed by the Mark-to-Market Risk Policy and the Markets Risk Management Committee.
The market risk of Citi’s trading portfolios is monitored using a combination of quantitative and qualitative measures, including, but not limited to, factor sensitivities, value at risk (VaR) and stress testing. Each trading portfolio across Citi’s businesses has its own market risk limit framework encompassing these measures and other controls, including trading mandates, new product approval, permitted product lists and pre-trade approval for larger, more complex and less liquid transactions. These controls enable the monitoring and management of Citi’s top market risks.
The following chart of total daily trading-related revenue (loss) captures trading volatility and shows the number of days in which revenues for Citi’s trading businesses fell within particular ranges. Trading-related revenue includes trading, net interest and other revenue associated with Citi’s trading businesses. It excludes DVA, FVA and CVA adjustments incurred due to changes in the credit quality of counterparties, as well as any associated hedges of that CVA. In addition, it excludes fees and other revenue associated with capital markets origination activities. Trading-related revenues are driven by both customer flows and the changes in valuation of the trading inventory. As presented in the chart below, Citi achieved positive trading-related revenue for 98.5% of the trading days in 2024.
(1)     Reflects the effects of asymmetrical accounting for economic hedges of certain AFS debt securities. Specifically, the change in the fair value of hedging derivatives is included in trading-related revenue, while the offsetting change in the fair value of hedged AFS debt securities is included in
AOCI
and not reflected above.
112
Factor Sensitivities
When managing market risk for its trading portfolios, Citi uses factor sensitivities to measure the change in value of a position for a defined change in a market risk factor, such as a change in the value of a U.S. Treasury bond for a one-basis-point change in interest rates. Citi’s Global Market Risk function, within the Independent Risk Management organization, works to ensure that factor sensitivities are calculated, monitored and limited for all material risks taken in the trading portfolios.
Value at Risk (VaR)
VaR estimates, at a 99% confidence level, the potential decline in the value of a position or a portfolio under normal market conditions assuming a one-day holding