business and other loans, respectively. As a result, there were no outstanding balances as of March 31, 2025 and 2024.
(2)    Commitments to lend to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that were granted modifications included in the tables above were immaterial at March 31, 2025 and 2024.
(3)    For major consumer portfolios, the ACLL is based on macroeconomic-sensitive models that rely on historical performance and macroeconomic scenarios to forecast expected credit losses. Modifications of consumer loans impact expected credit losses by affecting the likelihood of default.
(4)    North America includes the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico. Mexico is included in offices outside North America.
(5)    Excludes residential first mortgages discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy in the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
143
Performance of Modified Consumer Loans
The following tables present the delinquencies and gross credit losses of permanently modified consumer loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty, including loans that were modified during the 12 months ended March 31, 2025 and the year ended December 31, 2024:
(1)    North America includes the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico. Mexico is included in offices outside North America.
(2)    Typically, upon modification a loan re-ages to current. However, FFIEC guidelines for re-aging certain loans require that at least three consecutive minimum monthly payments, or the equivalent amount, be received. In these cases, the loan will remain delinquent until the payment criteria for re-aging have been satisfied.
144
Defaults of Modified Consumer Loans
The following tables present default activity for permanently modified consumer loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty by type of modification granted, including loans that were modified and subsequently defaulted during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. Default is defined as 60 days past due:
(1)    The above tables reflect activity for loans outstanding as of the end of the reporting period.
(2)    Modified residential first mortgages that default are typically liquidated through foreclosure or a similar type of liquidation.
(3)    North America includes the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico. Mexico is included in offices outside North America.
(4)    Modified credit card loans that default continue to be charged off in accordance with Citi’s consumer charge-off policy.
145
15.
ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES
(1)
Represents additional credit loss reserves for unfunded lending commitments and letters of credit recorded in
Other liabilities
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(2)
See additional details on the Allowance for credit losses on other assets below.
(3)
Primarily reflects the impact of FX translation on the ACL on
Other assets
for transfer risk associated with exposures outside the U.S., driven by safety and soundness considerations under U.S. banking law.
146
Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans (ACLL) and