investors/shareholders. Material strategic risks that Citi is monitoring include the impacts of adverse changes in inflation and interest rates in the U.S., as well as macroeconomic uncertainties driven by weak global growth, tariffs and geopolitical issues, including the Middle East conflict, the Russia–Ukraine war and U.S.–China tensions, and increased regulatory requirements. In addition to
external factors affecting Citi’s operating environment, Citi also monitors risks related to the execution of its strategy, with heightened focus on delivering the transformation of its risk and control environment pursuant to the 2020 FRB and OCC Consent Orders and the 2024 Amendment to the OCC’s Consent Order.
Citi’s Executive Management Team is responsible for the development and execution of Citi’s strategy. This strategy is translated into forward-looking plans (collectively Citi’s Strategic Plan) that are then cascaded across the organization. Citi’s Strategic Plan is presented to the Board on an annual basis, and is aligned with risk appetite thresholds and includes a risk assessment as required by internal frameworks. It is also aligned with limit requirements for capital allocation. Governance and oversight of strategic risk is facilitated by internal committees on a group-wide basis.
Citi works to ensure that strategic risks are adequately considered and addressed across its various risk management activities, and that strategic risks are assessed in the context of Citi’s risk appetite. Citi conducts a top-down, bottom-up risk identification process to identify risks, including strategic risks. Business segments undertake a quarterly risk identification process to systematically identify and document all material risks faced by Citi. Independent Risk Management oversees the risk identification process through regular reviews and coordinates identification and monitoring of top risks. In addition, Citi performs a quarterly Risk Assessment of the Plan (RAOP) and continuously monitors risks associated with its execution of strategy. Independent Risk Management also manages strategic risk by monitoring risk appetite thresholds in conjunction with its Global Strategic Risk Committee, which is part of the governance structure that Citi has in place to manage its strategic risks.
For additional information on Citi’s strategic risks, see “Risk Factors—Strategic Risks” above.
Climate Risk
Climate change presents near- and long-term risks to Citi and its clients and customers, with the risks expected to increase over time. Climate risk refers to the risk of loss arising from climate change and comprises both physical risk and transition risk.
Climate risk is an overarching risk that can act as a driver of other categories of risk, such as credit risk from obligors exposed to high climate risk, strategic risks if Citi fails to consider transition risk in client selection, reputational risk from increased stakeholder concerns about financing or failing to