March 31, 2024. Gains recognized on the securitization of non-agency-sponsored mortgages were $
36.5
million for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
(1)    Disclosure of non-agency-sponsored mortgages as senior and subordinated interests is indicative of the interests’ position in the capital structure of the securitization.
(2)    Retained interests consist of Level 2 and Level 3 assets depending on the observability of significant inputs. See Note 23 for more information about fair value measurements.
The following table includes information about loan delinquencies and liquidation losses for assets held in non-consolidated, non-agency-sponsored securitization entities:
(1)    Securitized assets include $
0.1
billion of personal loan securitizations as of March 31, 2025.
161
Consumer Loan Securitizations
Beginning in the third quarter of 2023, Citi relaunched a program securitizing other consumer loans into asset-backed securities. The principal securitized and the proceeds from new securitizations for the three months ended March 31, 2025 were $
0.3
billion and $
0.2
billion, respectively. The gains recognized on the securitization of consumer loans were $
0.2
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025.
Mortgage Servicing Rights (MSRs)
In connection with the securitization of mortgage loans, Citi’s U.S. consumer mortgage business generally retains the servicing rights, which entitle the Company to a future stream of cash flows based on the outstanding principal balances of the loans and the contractual servicing fee. Failure to service the loans in accordance with contractual requirements may lead to a termination of the servicing rights and the loss of future servicing fees. These transactions create intangible assets referred to as MSRs, which are recorded at fair value on Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet (see Note 23 for the valuation of MSRs). The MSRs correspond to principal loan balances of $
57
billion and $
52
billion as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The Company receives fees during the course of servicing previously securitized mortgages.
The amounts of these fees were as follows:
In the Consolidated Statement of Income these fees are primarily classified as
Commissions and fees
, and changes in MSR fair values are classified as
Other revenue
.
Re-securitizations
The Company engages in re-securitization transactions backed by either residential or commercial mortgages in which debt securities are transferred to a VIE in exchange for new beneficial interests. Citi did not transfer non-agency (private label) securities to re-securitization entities, nor did Citi hold retained interests in such securitizations, during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, Citi held
no
retained interests in private label re-securitization transactions structured by Citi.
The Company also re-securitizes U.S. government-agency-guaranteed mortgage-backed (agency) securities. During