presented in the tables above.
The disclosure also excludes leases, affiliate investments, pension and benefit obligations, certain insurance contracts and tax-related items. Also, as required, the disclosure excludes the effect of taxes, any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time the entire holdings of a particular instrument, excess fair value
associated with deposits with no fixed maturity and other expenses that would be incurred in a market transaction. In addition, the tables exclude the values of non-financial assets and liabilities, as well as a wide range of franchise, relationship and intangible values, which are integral to a full assessment of Citigroup’s financial position and the value of its net assets.
Fair values vary from period to period based on changes in a wide range of factors, including interest rates, credit quality and market perceptions of value, and as existing assets and liabilities run off and new transactions are entered into.
(1)
Includes $
5.2
billion and $
5.5
billion of non-marketable equity securities carried at cost at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
(2)
The carrying value of loans is net of the allowance for credit losses on loans of $
18.6
billion for December 31, 2024 and $
18.1
billion for December 31, 2023. In addition, the carrying values exclude $
0.3
billion and $
0.3
billion of lease finance receivables at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
(3)
Includes items measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.
(4)
Includes cash and due from banks, deposits with banks, brokerage receivables, reinsurance recoverables and other financial instruments included in
Other assets
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, for all of which the carrying value is a reasonable estimate of fair value.
(5)
As a result of Citi refining its application of fair value hierarchy methodologies, certain deposit liabilities that were previously classified as Level 3 are now classified as Level 2.
(6)
The carrying value includes long-term debt balances under qualifying fair value hedges.
(7)
Includes brokerage payables, separate and variable accounts, short-term borrowings (carried at cost) and other financial instruments included in
Other liabilities
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, for all of which the carrying value is a reasonable estimate of fair value.
The estimated fair values of the Company’s corporate unfunded lending commitments at December 31, 2024 and 2023 were off-balance sheet liabilities of $
13.5
billion and $
14.2
billion, respectively, substantially all of which are
classified as Level 3. The Company does not estimate the fair values of consumer unfunded lending commitments, which are generally cancelable by providing notice to the borrower.
286
27.
FAIR VALUE ELECTIONS
The Company may elect to report most financial instruments and certain other items at fair value on an instrument-by-instrument basis with changes in fair value reported in earnings, other than DVA