recognized in earnings. Where Citi does not intend to sell the security nor could more-likely-than-not be required to sell the security, any portion of the loss that is attributable to credit is recognized as an allowance for credit losses with a corresponding provision for credit losses, and the remainder of the loss is recognized in
AOCI
. Such losses are capped at the difference between the fair value and amortized cost of the security.
For equity securities carried at cost or under the measurement alternative, decreases in fair value below the carrying value are recognized as impairment in the Consolidated Statement of Income. Moreover, for certain equity method investments, decreases in fair value are only recognized in earnings in the Consolidated Statement of Income if such decreases are judged to be an other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI). Assessing if the fair value impairment is temporary is also inherently judgmental.
The fair value of financial instruments incorporates the effects of Citi’s own credit risk and the market view of counterparty credit risk, the quantification of which is also complex and judgmental. For additional information on Citi’s fair value analysis, see Notes 1, 6, 26 and 27.
128
Citi’s Allowance for Credit Losses (ACL)
The table below presents Citi’s allowance for credit losses on loans (ACLL) and total ACL as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, as well as builds and releases during 2024. For information on the drivers of Citi’s ACL net build in the fourth quarter of 2024, see below. See Note 1 for additional information on Citi’s accounting policy on accounting for credit losses under ASC Topic 326,
Financial Instruments—Credit Losses; Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL)
.
(1)
All Other
(managed basis) excludes divestiture-related impacts (Reconciling Items) related to (i) Citi’s divestitures of its Asia Consumer businesses and (ii) the planned IPO of Mexico Consumer/SBMM within Legacy Franchises. The Reconciling Items are fully reflected in the various line items in Citi’s Consolidated Statement of Income. These items in the table above represent the 2024 quarterly ACL builds (releases) only. See “
All Other
—Divestiture-Related Impacts (Reconciling Items)” above.
(2)    Includes Legacy Franchises corporate loans activity related to Mexico SBMM and the Assets Finance Group (AFG) (AFG was previously reported in
Markets
; all periods have been reclassified to reflect this move into Legacy Franchises), as well as other Legacy Holdings Assets corporate loans.
(3)    As of December 31, 2024, in
USPB
, Branded Cards ACLL/EOP loans was 6.4% and Retail Services ACLL/EOP loans was 11.3%.
(4)    The December 31, 2024 ACLL balance includes approximately $20 million related to an acquired portfolio, which is also reflected in the FX/Other column in this table.
(5)    Includes ACL on
Other assets
and
Held-to-maturity debt securities
. The ACL on
Other assets
includes ACL related to transfer risk associated with exposures