disclosure requirements primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The ASU includes a requirement to disclose significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (CODM) and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss, the title and position of the CODM, an explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources, and all segments’ profit or loss and assets disclosures currently required annually by Topic 280 along with those introduced by the ASU to be reported on an interim basis. The amendments also clarified that public entities are not precluded from reporting additional measures of a segment’s profit or loss that are regularly used by the CODM.
Citi adopted the ASU on a retrospective basis for its annual period ending December 31, 2024 and the ASU for the interim period beginning January 1, 2025. See Note 3 for further details.
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
, intended to enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures. This guidance requires that public business entities disclose on an annual basis a tabular rate reconciliation in eight specific categories disaggregated by nature and for foreign tax effects by each jurisdiction that meets a 5% of pretax income multiplied by the applicable statutory tax rate or greater threshold annually. The eight categories include state and local income taxes, net of federal income tax effect; foreign tax effects; enactment of new tax laws; enactment of new tax credits; effect of cross-border tax laws; valuation allowances; nontaxable items and nondeductible items; and changes in unrecognized tax benefits. Additional disclosures include qualitative description of the state and local jurisdictions that contribute to the majority (greater than 50%) of the effect of the state and local income tax category and explanation of the nature and effect of changes in individual reconciling items. The guidance also requires entities annually to disclose income taxes paid (net of refunds received) disaggregated by federal, state and foreign taxes and by jurisdiction identified based on the same 5% quantitative threshold.
104
The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The transition method is prospective with the retrospective method permitted. Citi plans to adopt the ASU for the year ending December 31, 2025.
See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Citi’s 2024 Form 10-K for a discussion of 2024 accounting changes.
FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03,
Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation