relation to matters for which an estimate has been made could be substantially higher or lower than the range of loss included in the estimate.
Matters as to Which an Estimate Cannot Be Made
. For other matters disclosed below, Citigroup is not currently able to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss. Many of these matters remain in very preliminary stages (even in some cases where a substantial period of time has passed since the commencement of the matter), with few or no substantive legal decisions by the court, tribunal or other authority defining the scope of the claims, the class (if any) or the potentially available damages or other exposure, and fact discovery is still in progress or has not yet begun. In many of these matters, Citigroup has not yet answered the complaint or statement of claim or asserted its defenses, nor has it engaged in any negotiations with the adverse party (whether a regulator, taxing authority or a private party). For all these reasons, Citigroup cannot at this time estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss, if any, for these matters.
Opinion of Management as to Eventual Outcome.
Subject to the foregoing, it is the opinion of Citigroup’s management, based on current knowledge and after taking into account its current accruals, that the eventual outcome of all matters described in this Note would not likely have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition of Citigroup.
Nonetheless, given the substantial or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters, and the inherent unpredictability of such matters, an adverse outcome in certain of these matters could, from time to time, have a material adverse effect on Citigroup’s consolidated results of operations or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods.
Foreign Exchange Matters
In 2019, two applications, captioned MICHAEL O’HIGGINS FX CLASS REPRESENTATIVE LIMITED v. BARCLAYS BANK PLC AND OTHERS and PHILLIP EVANS v. BARCLAYS BANK PLC AND OTHERS, were made to the U.K.’s Competition Appeal Tribunal requesting permission to commence collective proceedings against Citigroup, Citibank, and other defendants. On February 8, 2024, Michael O’Higgins FX Class Representative Limited withdrew its application. The Evans application seeks compensatory damages for losses alleged to have arisen from the actions at issue in the European Commission’s foreign exchange spot trading infringement decision (European Commission Decision of May 16, 2019 in Case AT.40135-FOREX (Three Way Banana Split) C(2019) 3631 final). After claimants appealed the U.K. Competition Appeal Tribunal’s judgment on certification, the Court of Appeal issued a judgment in November 2023 that the U.K. Competition Appeal Tribunal should not have declined to certify the proceedings. On April 17, 2024, the U.K. Supreme Court granted the defendants’ permission to appeal the Court of Appeal’s judgment. On September 2, 2024, the U.K. Supreme Court