information and reliable data. Data on climate-related risks is limited in availability, often based on estimated or unverified figures, collected and reported on a time-lag, and variable in quality. Modeling capabilities to analyze climate-related risks and interconnections continue to evolve.
Additionally, if Citi is unable to achieve its objectives or commitments relating to climate change, its businesses, reputation, attractiveness to certain investors and efforts to recruit and retain employees may suffer. For example, Citi’s approach to supporting client decarbonization in a gradual and orderly way, while promoting energy security, may lead to both continued exposure to carbon-intensive activity and increased reputation risks from stakeholders with divergent points of view. Citi may also face challenges and scrutiny from stakeholders with varied views on climate change that may impact its ability to conduct certain business.
For information on Citi’s climate and other sustainability initiatives, see “Net Zero and Sustainability” below. For additional information on Citi’s management of climate risk, see “Managing Global Risk—Strategic Risk—Climate Risk” below.
Citi’s Ability to Utilize Its DTAs, and Thus Reduce the Negative Impact of the DTAs on Citi’s Regulatory Capital, Will Be Driven by Its Ability to Generate U.S. Taxable Income.
At December 31, 2024, Citi’s net DTAs were $29.8 billion, net of a valuation allowance of $4.3 billion, of which $12.8 billion was deducted from Citi’s CET1 Capital under the U.S. Basel III rules. Of this deducted amount, $11.6 billion related to net operating losses, foreign tax credit and general business credit carry-forwards, with $3.0 billion related to temporary differences in excess of the 10%/15% regulatory limitations, reduced by $1.8 billion of deferred tax liabilities, primarily associated with goodwill and certain other intangible assets that were separately deducted from capital.
Citi’s overall ability to realize its DTAs will primarily be dependent upon Citi’s ability to generate U.S. taxable income in the relevant reversal periods. Failure to realize any portion of the net DTAs would have a corresponding negative impact on Citi’s net income and financial returns.
The accounting treatment for realization of DTAs is complex and requires significant judgment and estimates regarding future taxable earnings in the jurisdictions in which the DTAs arise and available tax planning strategies. Forecasts
of future taxable earnings will depend upon various factors, including, among others, macroeconomic conditions. In addition, any future increase in U.S. corporate tax rates could result in an increase in Citi’s DTAs, which may subject more of Citi’s DTAs to exclusion from regulatory capital.
Citi has not been and does not expect to be subject to the base erosion anti-abuse tax (BEAT), which, if applicable to Citi in any given year, would have a significantly adverse effect on both Citi’s net income and