corporate and public sector clients worldwide through commercial card products. Services include procurement, corporate travel and entertainment, expense management services and business-to-business payment solutions.
Consent Orders:
In October 2020, Citigroup and Citibank entered into consent orders with the FRB and OCC that require Citigroup and Citibank to make improvements in various aspects of enterprise-wide risk management, compliance, data quality management related to governance, and internal controls. In July 2024, the FRB and OCC entered into civil money penalty consent orders with Citigroup and Citibank to address remediation effort shortcomings.
CRE:
Commercial real estate
Credit cycle:
A period of time over which credit quality improves, deteriorates and then improves again (or vice versa). The duration of a credit cycle can vary from a couple of years to several years.
Credit derivatives:
Financial instruments whose value is derived from the credit risk associated with the debt of a third-party issuer (the reference entity), which allow one party (the protection purchaser) to transfer that risk to another party (the protection seller).
Criticized:
Loans, lending-related commitments or derivative receivables that are classified as special mention, substandard or doubtful for regulatory purposes.
Cross-border transaction value:
Represents the total value of cross-border FX payments processed through Citi’s proprietary Worldlink and Cross-Border Funds Transfer platforms, including payments from consumer, corporate, financial institution and public sector clients.
CTA:
Cumulative translation adjustment (also known as currency translation adjustment). A separate component of equity within
AOCI
reported net of tax. For Citi, represents the impact of translating non-USD balance sheet items into USD
each period. The CTA amount in EOP
AOCI
is a cumulative balance, net of tax.
CVA:
Credit valuation adjustment
DCM:
Debt Capital Markets
Delinquency managed:
Loans primarily evaluated for credit risk based on delinquencies, FICO scores and the value of underlying collateral.
Digital asset:
Anything created and stored digitally that is identifiable and discoverable, establishes ownership and has or provides value (e.g., cryptocurrency).
Divestiture-related impacts:
Citi’s results excluding divestiture-related impacts represent as reported, or GAAP, financial results adjusted for items that are incurred and recognized, which are wholly and necessarily a consequence of actions taken to sell (including through a public offering), dispose of or wind down business activities associated with Citi’s announced 14 exit markets.
Dividend payout ratio*:
Represents dividends declared per common share as a percentage of net income per diluted share.
DPD:
Days past due
DTA:
Deferred tax asset
DVA:
Debt valuation adjustment
ECM:
Equity Capital Markets
Efficiency ratio*:
A ratio signifying how much of a dollar in expenses (as a percentage) it takes to generate