mitigating actions Citi may take, including ongoing management of its foreign currency translation exposure. TCE is used as a simplified metric to manage CET1 capital ratio volatility. Specifically, as currency movements change the value of Citi’s net investments in foreign currency-denominated capital, these movements also change the value of Citi’s RWA
denominated in those same currencies. This, coupled with Citi’s foreign currency hedging strategies, such as foreign currency borrowings, foreign currency forwards and other currency hedging instruments, lessens the impact of foreign currency movements on Citi’s CET1 Capital ratio. Changes in these hedging strategies, as well as hedging costs, divestitures and tax impacts, can further affect the actual impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on Citi’s capital compared to an unanticipated parallel shock, as described above.
The effect of Citi’s ongoing management strategies with respect to quarterly changes in foreign exchange rates (versus the U.S. dollar), and the quarterly impact of these changes on Citi’s TCE and CET1 Capital ratio, are presented in the table below. See Note 21 for additional information on the changes in
AOCI
.
(1)     FX spot rate change is a weighted average based on Citi’s quarterly average GAAP capital exposure to foreign countries. A negative change in FX spot rate represents foreign currency depreciation versus the U.S. dollar.
105
Interest Income/Expense and Net Interest Margin (NIM)
(1)
Interest income
and
Net interest income
include the taxable equivalent gross-up adjustments (TEGU) primarily related to the tax-exempt bond portfolio and certain tax-advantaged loan programs of $94 million, $101 million and $165 million for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
(2)
Interest expense associated with certain hybrid financial instruments, which are classified as
Long-term debt
and accounted for at fair value, is reported together with any changes in fair value as part of
Principal transactions
in the Consolidated Statement of Income and is therefore not reflected in
Interest expense
in the table above.
(3)    The average rate on interest income and NIM reflects TEGU. See footnote 1 above.
(4)    Citi’s NIM is calculated by dividing net interest income (including TEGU) by average interest-earning assets.
106
Non-
Markets
Net Interest Income
(1)
Interest income
and
Net interest income
include TEGU discussed in the table above.
Citi’s net interest income in the fourth quarter of 2024 was $13.7 billion on a reported basis and $13.8 billion on a taxable equivalent basis, a decrease of $0.1 billion from the prior-year period, primarily driven by
Markets
(down approximately $0.1 billion), partially offset by non-
Markets
(up approximately $0.04 billion). The decline in
Markets
net interest income was primarily driven by higher funding costs related to trading inventory in Fixed Income Markets.
The increase in non-
Markets
net interest income was largely due to loan growth in