of or cyber incidents involving computer servers or infrastructure, including software updates and cloud services; or other similar losses or damage to Citi’s property or assets (see also the climate change risk factor above). Additionally, Citi’s ability to effectively maintain and upgrade systems and infrastructure can become more challenging as the speed, frequency, volume, interconnectivity and complexity of transactions continue to increase.
For example, operational incidents can arise due to failures by third parties with which Citi does business, such as failures by internet, mobile technology and cloud service providers or other vendors to adequately follow procedures or processes, safeguard their systems or prevent system disruptions or cyberattacks. Failure by Citi to develop, implement and operate a third-party risk management program commensurate with the level of risk, complexity and nature of its third-party relationships can also result in operational incidents. In addition, Citi has experienced and could experience further losses associated with manual transaction processing errors, including erroneous payments to lenders or manual errors by Citi traders that cause system and market disruptions and losses for Citi and its clients. Irrespective of the sophistication of the technology utilized by Citi, there will always be some room for human and other errors. In view of the large transactions in which Citi engages, such errors have in the past resulted, and could result, in significant losses. While Citi has change management processes in place to appropriately upgrade its operational processes and systems to ensure that any changes introduced do not adversely impact security and operational continuity, such change management can fail or be ineffective. Furthermore, when Citi introduces new products, systems or processes, new operational risks that may arise from those changes may not be identified, or adequate controls to mitigate the identified risks may not be appropriately implemented or operate as designed.
Incidents that impact information security, technology operations or other operational processes may cause disruptions and/or malfunctions within Citi’s businesses (e.g., the temporary loss of availability of Citi’s online banking system or mobile banking platform), as well as the operations of its clients, customers or other third parties. In addition,
operational incidents could involve the failure or ineffectiveness of internal processes or controls. Given Citi’s global footprint and the high volume of transactions processed by Citi, certain failures, errors or actions may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified, which would further increase the consequences and costs. Operational incidents could result in financial losses and other costs as well as misappropriation, corruption or loss of confidential and other information or assets, which could significantly negatively impact Citi’s