Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments.
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
As required by Item 106 of Regulation S-K, the following sets forth information regarding our cybersecurity strategy, risk management and governance.
19
Cybersecurity Strategy and Risk Management
Cybersecurity is critical to advancing our overall objectives and enabling our digital efforts. As a global company, we face a wide variety of cybersecurity threats that range from common attacks such as ransomware and denial-of-service, to attacks from more advanced adversaries. Our customers, suppliers, and other partners face similar cybersecurity threats, and a cybersecurity incident impacting these entities could materially adversely affect our operations, performance and results. These cybersecurity threats and related risks make it imperative that we maintain focus on cybersecurity and systemic risks.
We maintain a comprehensive cybersecurity program which is integrated within the Company’s enterprise risk management system and encompasses the corporate information technology and operational technology environments as well as customer-facing products.
Our cybersecurity program has implemented a governance structure and process to identify, assess, manage, mitigate, respond to and report on cybersecurity risks.  We utilize cybersecurity policies and frameworks based on industry and government standards.  Our cyber risk management program controls are based on recognized best practices and standards, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cyber Security Framework and the International Organization for Standardization (ISO 27001) Information Security Management System Requirements.
We partner with third parties to support and evaluate our cybersecurity program.  These third-party services span areas including cybersecurity maturity assessments, incident response, penetration testing, consulting on best practices, and others.  We also consume threat intelligence from several paid and non-paid sources.
We maintain a 24 x 7 operations center which serves as a central location for the reporting of cybersecurity matters, provides monitoring of our global cybersecurity environment, and coordinates the investigation and remediation of alerts.  As cybersecurity events occur, the cybersecurity team focuses on responding to and containing the threat and minimizing impact. In the event of an incident, the cybersecurity team assesses, among other factors, safety impact, supply chain and manufacturing disruption, data and personal information loss, business operations disruption, projected cost and potential for reputational harm, with participation from technical, legal and law enforcement support, as appropriate.
We have implemented a cybersecurity awareness program which covers topics such as phishing, social