Construction Machinery Co., Ltd., Komatsu Ltd., Liebherr-International AG, Sandvik AB, and Volvo Construction Equipment.  Our global underground competitors include Epiroc AB, Komatsu Ltd., and Sandvik AB.
The Resource Industries product portfolio includes the following machines and related parts and services:
2
Table of Contents
Energy & Transportation
Our Energy & Transportation segment supports customers in oil and gas, power generation, marine, rail and industrial applications, including Caterpillar machines. The product and services portfolio includes reciprocating engines, generator sets, integrated systems and solutions, turbines and turbine-related services, electrified powertrain and zero-emission power sources and service solutions development, the remanufacturing of Caterpillar engines and components, remanufacturing services for other companies, diesel-electric locomotives and other rail-related products and services as well as product support of on-highway engines.
Regulatory emissions standards require us to continue to make investments as new products and new regulations are introduced.  Ongoing compliance with these regulations remains a focus.  Emissions compliance in developing markets is complex due to rapidly evolving and unique requirements where enforcement processes can often vary.  We employ robust product development, manufacturing processes and testing to help us comply with these regulations.
The competitive environment for reciprocating engines in marine, oil and gas, industrial and electric power generation systems along with turbines in oil and gas and electric power generation consists of a few larger global competitors that compete in a variety of markets that Caterpillar serves, and a substantial number of smaller companies that compete in a limited-size product range, geographic region and/or application.  Principal global competitors include Cummins Inc., Deutz AG, Rolls-Royce Power Systems AG and Siemens Energy AG.  Other competitors, such as Volvo Penta AB, FPT Industrial SpA (Iveco Group), INNIO Group, GE Vernova Inc., Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd., MAN Energy Solutions SE (VW), Weichai Power Co., Ltd., and other emerging market competitors compete in certain markets in which Caterpillar competes. An additional set of competitors, including Aggreko plc, Generac Holdings Inc., Rehlko Energy, Baker Hughes Co., and others, are primarily packagers who source engines and/or other components from domestic and international suppliers and market products regionally and internationally through a variety of distribution channels.  In rail-related businesses, our global competitors include Wabtec Corp, Greenbrier Companies, Inc., Voestalpine AG, Vossloh AG, Alstom SA, and Siemens Mobility A/S.  We also compete with other companies on a more limited range of products, services and/or geographic regions.
The Energy & Transportation portfolio includes the following products and related parts:
•
Reciprocating engine