cash item driven by the release of $
494
million of accumulated foreign currency translation.  The restructuring costs in 2022 were primarily related to actions across the company, including $
193
million related to the Rail division that was primarily inventory write-downs, and other strategic actions to address a small number of products. The inventory write-downs were included in "Other" in the table above.
In 2024, 2023 and 2022, all restructuring costs were excluded from segment profit.
121
Table of Contents
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
Not Applicable.
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures.
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the company’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the company's disclosure controls and procedures, as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report.  Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management’s report on the company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 is included on page 54 of Part II, Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”   The effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm.  Their report appears on pages 55 -56 of Part II, Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
During the last fiscal quarter, there has been no significant change in the company’s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B.
Other Information.
During the three months ended December 31, 2024, none of the company’s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934)
adopted
,
terminated
or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933).
Disclosure Required Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Caterpillar maintains a portfolio of trademarks in Iran, which it registers with the Intellectual Property Center of the Islamic Republic of Iran (IPC), through intellectual property counsel and service providers located in United Arab Emirates and Iran. On November 30, 2023, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”)