changes in residual value estimates prospectively on a straight-line basis.  For finance leases, we recognize residual value adjustments through a reduction of finance revenue over the remaining lease term.
We evaluate the carrying value of equipment on operating leases for potential impairment when we determine a triggering event has occurred.  When a triggering event occurs, we perform a test for recoverability by comparing projected undiscounted future cash flows to the carrying value of the equipment on operating leases.  If the test for recoverability identifies a possible impairment, we measure the fair value of the equipment on operating leases in accordance with the fair value measurement framework.  We recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value of the equipment on operating leases exceeds its estimated fair value.
At December 31, 2024, the aggregate residual value of equipment on operating leases was $1.55 billion.  Without consideration of other factors such as third-party residual guarantees or contractual customer purchase options, a 10 percent non-temporary decrease in the market value of our equipment subject to operating leases would reduce residual value estimates and result in the recognition of approximately $70 million of additional annual depreciation expense.
Fair values for goodwill impairment tests —
We test goodwill for impairment annually, at the reporting unit level, and whenever events or circumstances make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred, such as a significant adverse change in the business climate or a decision to sell all or a portion of a reporting unit.  We perform our annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1 and monitor for interim triggering events on an ongoing basis.
We review goodwill for impairment utilizing either a qualitative assessment or a quantitative goodwill impairment test.  If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment and determine the fair value more likely than not exceeds the carrying value, no further evaluation is necessary.  For reporting units where we perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit, which we primarily determine using an income approach based on the present value of discounted cash flows, to the respective carrying value, which includes goodwill.  If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, we do not consider the goodwill impaired.  If the carrying value is higher than the fair value, we recognize the difference as an impairment loss.
For reporting units where we perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test, the process requires valuation of the respective reporting unit, which we primarily determine using an income approach based on a discounted five year forecasted cash flow with a year-five residual value.  We compute the residual value using the constant growth method, which values the forecasted cash flows in perpetuity.