we anticipate slightly lower sales, driven by unfavorable price realization and slightly lower sales volume. In Energy and Transportation, we expect an increase in sales driven by higher sales volume and favorable price realization.
In 2025, we anticipate unfavorable price realization and higher depreciation costs. We expect Other income (expense) to be unfavorable in 2025 as compared to 2024, primarily due to lower interest income as well as the absence of favorable foreign currency impacts. We do not anticipate translation movements in our expectations. In 2025, we expect restructuring costs of approximately $150 million to $200 million and expect capital expenditures of about $2.5 billion. We anticipate the annual effective tax rate, excluding discrete items, to be 23.0 percent in 2025.
First-Quarter 2025 Company Trends and Expectations
In the first quarter of 2025, we expect lower sales and revenues as compared to the first quarter of 2024, primarily due to the unfavorable impact from changes in machine dealer inventories and unfavorable machine price realization. We expect machine dealer inventory to increase less during the first quarter of 2025 as compared to the $1.1 billion increase in the first quarter of 2024.
In a typical year, we see our lowest sales of the year in the first quarter. In 2025, we anticipate that trend to continue but be more pronounced as sales in the first quarter should account for a lower percentage of full year sales than is typical, mainly due to our expectations for changes in dealer inventories and price realization for machines. In Energy & Transportation, we expect normal seasonality with sales growing throughout the year.
In the first quarter of 2025 as compared to the first quarter of 2024, we anticipate lower sales in Construction Industries primarily due to lower sales of equipment to end users, an unfavorable impact from changes in dealer inventories and unfavorable price realization. In Resource Industries, we expect lower sales primarily due to lower sales volume and unfavorable price realization. In Energy & Transportation, we anticipate similar sales in the first quarter of 2025 as compared to the first quarter of 2024, as continued strength in Power Generation is expected to be offset by lower sales in Oil & Gas and in Transportation. We expect favorable price realization for Energy & Transportation in the first quarter of 2025.
28
Table of Contents
In the first quarter of 2025, we expect the profit impact from lower machine sales volume and unfavorable machine price realization to be partially offset by favorable price realization in Energy & Transportation. In Construction Industries and in Resource Industries, we expect an unfavorable profit impact from lower sales volume and unfavorable price realization in the first quarter of 2025 as compared to the first quarter of 2024. In Energy & Transportation, we expect unfavorable
manufacturing costs
and the impact of an unfavorable mix of products to