minimize the risk of exchange rate movements that would reduce the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency cash flow.  Our policy allows for managing anticipated foreign currency cash flow for up to approximately
five years
.  As of December 31, 2024, the maximum term of these outstanding contracts at inception was approximately
60
months.
We generally designate as cash flow hedges at inception of the contract any foreign currency forward or option contracts that meet the requirements for hedge accounting and the maturity extends beyond the current quarter-end.  We perform designation on a specific exposure basis to support hedge accounting.  The remainder of ME&T foreign currency contracts are undesignated.
72
Table of Contents
In managing foreign currency risk for our Financial Products operations, our objective is to minimize earnings volatility resulting from conversion and the remeasurement of net foreign currency balance sheet positions and future transactions denominated in foreign currencies.  Our policy allows the use of foreign currency forward, option and cross currency contracts to offset the risk of currency mismatch between our assets and liabilities and exchange rate risk associated with future transactions denominated in foreign currencies.  Our foreign currency forward and option contracts are primarily undesignated.  We designate fixed-to-fixed cross currency contracts as cash flow hedges to protect against movements in exchange rates on foreign currency fixed-rate assets and liabilities.  We designate float-to-float cross currency contracts as fair value hedges to protect against movements in exchange rates on floating-rate assets and liabilities.
B.
Interest rate risk
Interest rate movements create a degree of risk by affecting the amount of our interest payments and the value of our fixed-rate debt.  Our practice is to use interest rate contracts to manage our exposure to interest rate changes.
Our ME&T operations generally use fixed-rate debt as a source of funding.  Our objective is to minimize the cost of borrowed funds.  Our policy allows us to enter into fixed-to-floating interest rate contracts and forward rate agreements to meet that objective.  We designate fixed-to-floating interest rate contracts as fair value hedges at inception of the contract, and we designate certain forward rate agreements as cash flow hedges at inception of the contract.
Financial Products operations has a match-funding policy that addresses interest rate risk by aligning the interest rate profile (fixed or floating rate and duration) of Cat Financial’s debt portfolio with the interest rate profile of our receivables portfolio within predetermined ranges on an ongoing basis.  In connection with that policy, we use interest rate derivative instruments to modify the debt structure to match assets within the receivables portfolio.  This matched funding reduces the volatility of margins between interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing