under the Credit Facility. The consolidated net worth is defined in the Credit Facility as Caterpillar's consolidated shareholders’ equity including preferred stock but excluding the pension and other postretirement benefits balance within Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
At March 31, 2025, Cat Financial’s covenant interest coverage ratio was 1.36 to 1. This was above the 1.15 to 1 minimum ratio calculated as (1) profit excluding income taxes, interest expense and net gain (loss) from interest rate derivatives to (2) interest expense calculated at the end of each fiscal quarter for the prior four consecutive fiscal quarter period, required by the Credit Facility.
In addition, at March 31, 2025, Cat Financial’s six-month covenant leverage ratio was 7.42 to 1. This was below the maximum ratio of debt to net worth of 10 to 1, calculated (1) on a monthly basis as the average of the leverage ratios determined on the last day of each of the six preceding calendar months and (2) at each December 31, required by the Credit Facility.
In the event Caterpillar or Cat Financial does not meet one or more of their respective financial covenants under the Credit Facility in the future (and are unable to obtain a consent or waiver), the syndicate of banks may terminate the commitments allocated to the party that does not meet its covenants. Additionally, in such event, certain of Cat Financial’s other lenders under other loan agreements where similar financial covenants or cross default provisions are applicable may, at their election, choose to pursue remedies under those loan agreements, including accelerating the repayment of outstanding borrowings. At March 31, 2025, there were no borrowings under the Credit Facility.
The aforementioned financial covenants are being reported as calculated under the Credit Facility and not pursuant to U.S. GAAP. Please refer to the credit agreements governing the Credit Facility filed as an exhibit to our periodic reports for further information related to the calculation thereof. For risks related to our indebtedness and compliance with these covenants, please refer to the risk factor "Restrictive covenants in our debt agreements could limit our financial and operating flexibility" set forth in Part I, Item 1A of our most recent annual report on Form 10-K.
Our total credit commitments and available credit as of March 31, 2025 were:
The other external consolidated credit lines with banks as of March 31, 2025 totaled $3.944 billion. These committed and uncommitted credit lines, which may be eligible for renewal at various future dates or have no specified expiration date, are used primarily by our subsidiaries for local funding requirements. Caterpillar or Cat Financial may guarantee subsidiary borrowings under these lines.
We receive debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies. Fitch maintains a "high-A" debt rating, while Moody’s and S&P maintain a “mid-A” debt rating. A downgrade of our credit ratings