engines and services, we see positive momentum in gas compression. For turbines and turbine-related services used in Oil and Gas applications, backlog remains strong, and we continue to see healthy orders. Demand for products in Industrial applications is expected to remain at a relatively low level. Transportation is expected to remain stable.
Full-Year 2025 Company Trends and Expectations
We are closely monitoring the evolving economic conditions. Due to the tariff announcements and increasing economic uncertainty, we have evaluated a variety of scenarios to estimate the potential impact of tariffs on our results for the remainder of the year.
Demand signals were stronger than we expected in the first quarter of 2025, including backlog growth across our three primary segments and stronger than expected sales of equipment to end users in Construction Industries and Resource Industries. These indicators boost our confidence in the resilience of our sales and revenues this year.
For the full-year 2025, in a pre-tariff scenario, which does not include any impact from tariffs, we expect sales and revenues to be about flat compared to 2024.
In our alternative scenario, which assumes negative economic growth in the second half of 2025, we expect full-year sales and revenues to only be down slightly in 2025 as compared to 2024. This expectation is a reflection of the diversity of our end markets and the strength of our record backlog, especially for large reciprocating engines and for turbines and turbine-related services.
We expect the year over year impact of unfavorable price realization to be greater in the first and second quarters of 2025 and expect it to moderate in the second half of 2025. In addition, we also do not expect a significant decrease in machine dealer inventory as we saw in the fourth quarter of 2024, and we still expect dealers to hold inventories about flat for the full year.
We have assessed potential cost impacts from the current tariffs which have been announced and implemented for the full-year 2025 before any additional mitigation actions; however, given the uncertainty of what the tariff rates could be and the timing of any additional mitigation actions, it is not possible to derive an accurate estimate of the net full-year 2025 impact of tariffs.
In 2025, we continue to expect restructuring costs of approximately $150 million to $200 million and expect capital expenditures of about $2.5 billion. We anticipate the annual effective tax rate, excluding discrete items, to be 23.0 percent in 2025.
Second-Quarter 2025 Company Trends and Expectations
In the second quarter of 2025, we expect sales and revenues to be similar to the second quarter of 2024. Sales growth in Energy & Transportation is expected to be offset by lower sales in Construction Industries and Resource Industries, primarily driven by unfavorable price realization. Machine sales volume is expected to be about flat.
In the second quarter of 2025 as compared to