meaningful correlation between the past-due status of customers and the risk of loss. In determining past-due status, Cat Financial considers the entire finance receivable past due when any installment is over
30
days past due.
33
Table of Contents
Customer
The aging category of Cat Financial's amortized cost of finance receivables in the Customer portfolio segment by origination year were as follows:
34
Table of Contents
35
Table of Contents
Dealer
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, Cat Financial's total amortized cost of finance receivables within the Dealer portfolio segment was current.
Non-accrual finance receivables
Recognition of income is suspended and the finance receivable is placed on non-accrual status when management determines that collection of future income is not probable. Contracts on non-accrual status are generally more than
120
days past due. Recognition is resumed and previously suspended income is recognized when collection is considered probable. Payments received while the finance receivable is on non-accrual status are applied to interest and principal in accordance with the contractual terms.  Interest earned but uncollected prior to the receivable being placed on non-accrual status is written off through Provision for credit losses when, in the judgment of management, it is considered uncollectible.
In Cat Financial's Customer portfolio segment, finance receivables which were on non-accrual status and finance receivables over 90 days past due and still accruing income were as follows:
There were
no
finance receivables in Cat Financial's Dealer portfolio segment on non-accrual status as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Modifications
Cat Financial periodically modifies the terms of their finance receivable agreements. Typically, the types of modifications granted are payment deferrals, interest-only payment periods and/or term extensions. Many modifications Cat Financial grants are for commercial reasons or for borrowers experiencing some form of short-term financial stress and may result in insignificant payment delays. Cat Financial does not consider these borrowers to be experiencing financial difficulty. Modifications for borrowers Cat Financial does consider to be experiencing financial difficulty typically result in payment deferrals and/or reduced payments for a period of
four months
or longer, term extension of
six months
or longer or a combination of both.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, there were
no
finance receivable modifications granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty in Cat Financial's Dealer portfolio segment. The amortized cost basis of finance receivables modified for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty in the Customer portfolio segment during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, was $
6
million and $
3
million, respectively. Total modifications with borrowers experiencing financial difficulty represented
0.03
percent and
0.01