compensation awards were granted. In June of 2023, shareholders approved the Caterpillar Inc. 2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2023 Plan), which superseded and replaced the 2014 Plan.
Common stock issued from Treasury stock under the plans totaled
1,972,037
for 2024,
2,497,799
for 2023 and
2,340,887
for 2022.  The total number of shares authorized for equity awards under the 2023 Plan is
42,500,000
.  As of December 31, 2024,
40,873,176
shares remained available for issuance, which includes shares returned to the 2023 Plan upon cancellation or shares withheld for taxes incurred in connection with issuance or vesting of grants made under the 2014 Plan.
Stock option and RSU awards generally vest according to a
three-year
graded vesting schedule.  One-third of the award will become vested on the first anniversary of the grant date, one-third of the award will become vested on the second anniversary of the grant date and one-third of the award will become vested on the third anniversary of the grant date.  PRSU awards generally have a
three-year
performance period and cliff vest at the end of the period based upon achievement of performance targets established at the time of grant.
Upon separation from service, if the participant is
55
years of age or older with more than
five years
of service, the participant meets the criteria for a “Long Service Separation.”  Award terms for stock option and RSU grants allow for continued vesting as of each vesting date specified in the award document for employees who meet the criteria for a “Long Service Separation” and fulfill a requisite service period of
six months
.  We recognize compensation expense for eligible employees for the grants over the period from the grant date to the end date of the
six-month
requisite service period.  For employees who become eligible for a “Long Service Separation” subsequent to the end date of the
six-month
requisite service period and prior to the completion of the vesting period, we recognized compensation expense over the period from the grant date to the date eligibility is achieved.
Award terms for PRSU grants allow for continued vesting upon achievement of the performance target specified in the award document for employees who meet the criteria for a “Long Service Separation” and fulfill a requisite service period of
six months
.  We recognize compensation expense for the PRSU grants with respect to employees who have met the criteria for a “Long Service Separation” over the period from the grant date to the end of the
six-month
requisite service period.  For employees who become eligible for a “Long Service Separation” subsequent to the end date of the
six-month
requisite service period and prior to the completion of the vesting period, we recognize compensation expense over the period from the grant date to the date eligibility is achieved.
At grant, option awards have a term life of
ten years
.  For awards granted prior to 2016, if the “Long Service Separation”