to also include Sustainability as a strategic area. For nearly 100 years, our longstanding commitment to sustainability has inspired us to set and achieve meaningful environmental, social and governance goals. It’s also allowed us to develop innovative products, technologies and services to support our customers on their sustainability journey. The addition of sustainability as a strategic area, together with operational excellence, expanded offerings and services, highlights our work to help customers build a better, more sustainable world.
Currently, we have five operating segments, of which four are reportable segments and are described below.
Categories of Business Organization
1.
Machinery, Energy & Transportation
—  Caterpillar Inc. and its subsidiaries, excluding Financial Products.  Machinery, Energy & Transportation information relates to the design, manufacturing and marketing of our products.
2.
Financial Products
— Our finance and insurance subsidiaries, primarily Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (Cat Financial) and Caterpillar Insurance Holdings Inc. (Insurance Services). Financial Products information relates to the financing to customers and dealers for the purchase and lease of Caterpillar and other equipment.
Other information about our operations in 2024, including certain risks associated with our operations, is included in Part II, Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
Construction Industries
Our Construction Industries segment is primarily responsible for supporting customers using machinery in infrastructure and building construction applications.  The majority of machine sales in this segment are made in the heavy and general construction, rental, quarry and aggregates and mining industries.
The nature of customer demand for construction machinery varies around the world.  Customers in developing economies often prioritize purchase price in making their investment decisions, while customers in developed economies generally weigh productivity and other performance criteria that contribute to lower owning and operating costs over the lifetime of the machine.  To meet customer expectations in developing economies, Caterpillar developed differentiated product offerings that target customers in those regions, including our SEM brand machines.  We believe that these customer-driven product innovations enable us to compete more effectively in developing economies.  The majority of Construction Industries' research and development spending in 2024 focused on the next generation of construction machines.
1
Table of Contents
The competitive environment for construction machinery is characterized by some global competitors and many regional and specialized local competitors.
Examples of global competitors include CASE (part of CNH Industrial N.V.), Deere Construction & Forestry (part of Deere & Company), Doosan Bobcat (Part of Doosan Group), Hitachi Construction