equivalents as Level 1.
See Statement 3.
Restricted cash and short-term investments
Carrying amount approximates fair value.  We include restricted cash and short-term investments in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in Statement 3.  We classify these instruments as Level 1 except for time deposits which are Level 2.
See Note 11 for additional information.
Finance receivables
We estimate fair value by discounting the future cash flows using current rates, representative of receivables with similar remaining maturities.
Wholesale inventory receivables
We estimate fair value by discounting the future cash flows using current rates, representative of receivables with similar remaining maturities.
Short-term borrowings
Carrying amount approximates fair value. We classify short-term borrowings as Level 1. See Note 13 for additional information.
Long-term debt
We estimate fair value for fixed and floating rate debt based on quoted market prices.
Our financial instruments not carried at fair value were as follows:
1
Represents finance leases and failed sale leasebacks of $
6,769
million and $
6,953
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
19.
Supplier finance programs
We facilitate voluntary supplier finance programs (the “Programs”) through participating financial institutions. The Programs are available to a wide range of suppliers and allow them the option to manage their cash flow.  We are not a party to the agreements between the participating financial institutions and the suppliers in connection with the Programs. The range of payment terms, typically
60
-
90
days, we negotiate with our suppliers is consistent, irrespective of whether a supplier participates in the Programs. The amount of obligations outstanding that are confirmed as valid to the participating financial institutions for suppliers who voluntarily participate in the Programs, included in
Accounts payable
in Statement 3, were $
830
million and $
803
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The rollforward of our outstanding obligations confirmed as valid under the Programs for the year ended December 31, 2024 was as follows:
108
Table of Contents
20.
Leases
A.  Lessee arrangements
We lease certain property, information technology equipment, warehouse equipment, vehicles and other equipment through operating leases.  We recognize a lease liability and corresponding right-of-use asset based on the present value of lease payments.  To determine the present value of lease payments for most of our leases, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on information available on the lease commencement date. For certain property and information technology equipment leases, we have elected to separate payments for lease components from non-lease components. For all other leases, we have elected not to separate payments for lease and non-lease components.  Our lease agreements may include options to extend or terminate the lease.  When it is reasonably certain