criteria are met, the vested options have a life that is the lesser of
ten years
from the original grant date or
five years
from the separation date.  For awards granted beginning in 2016, the vested options have a life equal to
ten years
from the original grant date.
68
Table of Contents
Accounting guidance on share-based payments requires companies to estimate the fair value of options on the date of grant using an option-pricing model.  The fair value of our option grants was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.  The Black-Scholes option-pricing model considers a range of assumptions related to volatility, risk-free interest rate and historical employee behavior.  Expected volatility was based on historical Caterpillar stock price movement and current implied volatilities from traded options on Caterpillar stock.  The risk-free interest rate was based on U.S. Treasury security yields at the time of grant.  The weighted-average dividend yield was based on historical information.  We determine the expected life from the actual historical employee exercise behavior.
The following table provides the assumptions used in determining the fair value of the option awards for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
We credit RSU and PRSU awards with dividend equivalent units on each date that we pay a cash dividend to holders of common stock. We determine the fair value of the RSU awards granted in 2024, 2023 and 2022 as the closing stock price on the date of the grant.
The PRSUs granted in 2024 contain a market condition, and a Monte Carlo simulation was utilized to estimate the fair value of the awards.
The following table provides the assumptions used in determining the fair value of the PRSUs granted in 2024.
We determine the fair value of the PRSU awards granted in 2023 and 2022 as the closing stock price on the date of the grant.
69
Table of Contents
Please refer to Tables I and II below for additional information on our stock-based compensation awards.
1
The difference between a stock award’s exercise price and the underlying stock’s closing market price at December 31, 2024, for awards with market price greater than the exercise price. Amounts are in millions of dollars.
The computations of weighted-average exercise prices and aggregate intrinsic values are not applicable to RSUs or PRSUs since these awards represent an agreement to issue shares of stock at the time of vesting.  At December 31, 2024, there were
776,637
outstanding RSUs with a weighted average remaining contractual life of
1.5
years and
390,013
outstanding PRSUs with a weighted-average remaining contractual life of
1.4
years.
70
Table of Contents
1
Based on the grant date fair value.
2
Based on the underlying stock’s closing market price on the vesting date.
In accordance with guidance on share-based payments, stock-based compensation expense is based on the grant date fair value and is classified within Cost of goods sold, Selling,