"substance-over-form" or "assignment-of-income" judicial doctrines and its proposed increases to tax and imposition of accuracy related penalties.  The settlement does not include any increases to tax in the United States based on those judicial doctrines and does not include any penalties.  The final tax assessed by the IRS for all issues under the settlement was $
490
million for the
ten-year
period.  This amount was primarily paid in 2022 along with associated interest of $
250
million.  The settlement was within the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions and enables us to avoid the costs and burdens of further disputes with the IRS.  As a result of the settlement, we recorded a tax benefit of $
41
million in 2022 to reflect changes in estimates of prior years' taxes and related interest, net of tax.
We are subject to the continuous examination of our U.S. federal income tax returns by the IRS, and tax years 2017 to 2019 are currently under examination.  In our major non-U.S. jurisdictions including Australia, Brazil, China, Germany, India, Japan, Mexico, Switzerland, Singapore and the U.K., tax years are typically subject to examination for three to ten years.  Due to the uncertainty related to the timing and potential outcome of audits, we cannot estimate the range of reasonably possible change in unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months.
7.
Cat Financial financing activities
A.
Wholesale inventory receivables
Wholesale inventory receivables are receivables of Cat Financial that arise when Cat Financial provides financing for a dealer’s purchase of inventory and were $
1,750
million and $
1,632
million, at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
We include these receivables in Receivables—trade and other and Long-term receivables—trade and other in Statement 3.
79
Table of Contents
Cat Financial’s wholesale inventory receivables generally may be repaid or refinanced without penalty prior to contractual maturity.
Please refer to Note 18 for fair value information.
B.
Finance receivables
Finance receivables are receivables of Cat Financial and are reported in Statement 3 net of an allowance for credit losses.
Cat Financial’s finance receivables generally may be repaid or refinanced without penalty prior to contractual maturity.
Please refer to Note 18 for fair value information.
80
C.
Allowance for credit losses
Portfolio segments
A portfolio segment is the level at which Cat Financial develops a systematic methodology for determining its allowance for credit losses. Cat Financial's portfolio segments and related methods for estimating expected credit losses are as follows:
Customer
Cat Financial provides loans and finance leases to end-user customers primarily for the purpose of financing new and used Caterpillar machinery, engines and equipment for commercial use. Cat Financial also provides financing for power generation facilities that, in most cases, incorporate Caterpillar products. The