and replacement parts.
See Note 16 for further disaggregated sales and revenues information.
4.
Stock-based compensation
Accounting for stock-based compensation requires that the cost resulting from all stock-based payments be recognized in the financial statements based on the grant date fair value of the award.  Our stock-based compensation consists of stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs) and performance-based restricted stock units (PRSUs).
We recognized pretax stock-based compensation expense of $
45
million and $
44
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
9
Table of Contents
The following table illustrates the type and fair value of the stock-based compensation awards granted during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively:
The fair value of our stock options was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.
The following table provides the assumptions used in determining the fair value of the stock-options granted in the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively:
The PRSUs granted in 2025 and 2024 contain a market condition and a Monte Carlo simulation was utilized to estimate the fair value of the awards.
The following table provides the assumptions used in determining the fair value of the PRSUs granted in the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively:
As of March 31, 2025, the total remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock-based compensation awards was $
324
million, which will be amortized over the weighted-average remaining requisite service periods of approximately
1.9
years.
5.
Derivative financial instruments and risk management
Our earnings and cash flow are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices, and certain deferred compensation plan liabilities.  Our Risk Management Policy (policy) allows for the use of derivative financial instruments to prudently manage foreign currency exchange rate, interest rate, commodity price and certain deferred compensation plan liability exposures.  Our policy specifies that derivatives are not to be used for speculative purposes.  Derivatives that we use are primarily foreign currency forward, option and cross currency contracts, interest rate contracts, commodity forward and option contracts and total return swap contracts.  Our derivative activities are subject to the management, direction and control of our senior financial officers.  We present at least annually to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors on our risk management practices, including our use of financial derivative instruments.
10
Table of Contents
We recognize all derivatives at their fair value on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.  On the date the derivative contract is entered into, we designate the derivative as (1) a hedge of the fair value of a recognized asset or liability (fair value hedge), (2) a hedge of