granted Caterpillar a specific license to make payments to IPC at its account in Bank Melli, which was designated on November 5, 2018, by OFAC under its counter terrorism authority pursuant to Executive Order 13224. As authorized by OFAC’s specific license, in the period ended December 31, 2024, Caterpillar paid approximately $608 to IPC as part of its intellectual property protection efforts in Iran. Caterpillar plans to continue these activities, as authorized under the specific license, and does not generate any revenues or profits from this activity.
Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.
Not Applicable.
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
Identification of Directors and Business Experience
Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the 2025 Proxy Statement.
Identification of Executive Officers and Business Experience
Information required by this Item appears in Item 1D of this Form 10-K.
122
Table of Contents
Family Relationships
There are no family relationships between the officers and directors of the company.
Legal Proceedings Involving Officers and Directors
If applicable, information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the 2025 Proxy Statement.
Audit Committee Financial Expert
Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the 2025 Proxy Statement.
Identification of Audit Committee
Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the 2025 Proxy Statement.
Shareholder Recommendation of Board Nominees
Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the 2025 Proxy Statement.
Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act
If applicable, information required by this Item relating to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference from the 2025 Proxy Statement.
Code of Ethics
Our Worldwide Code of Conduct (Code), first published in 1974 and most recently updated in 2019, sets a high standard for honesty and ethical behavior by every director and employee, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer.  The Code is posted on our website at www.Caterpillar.com/code. To obtain a copy of the Code at no charge, submit a written request to the Corporate Secretary at 5205 N. O'Connor Boulevard, Suite 100, Irving, TX 75039.  We post on our website at www.Caterpillar.com/code any required amendments to or waivers granted under our Code pursuant to SEC or New York Stock Exchange disclosure rules.
Insider Trading Laws and Policies
From time to time, the Company may engage in transactions in its own securities. It is the Company’s policy to comply with all applicable securities and state laws (including appropriate approvals by the Board of Directors or appropriate committee, if required) when engaging in transactions in Company securities.
The other information required by this Item