board’s risk oversight process builds upon management’s risk assessment and mitigation processes, which include an enterprise risk management program of which our cybersecurity processes are an integral component.
20
The board implements its risk oversight function both as a board and through delegation to board committees, which meet regularly and report back to the board.
The board has delegated the oversight of specific risks to board committees that align with their functional responsibilities. The Audit Committee (the “AC”) assists the board in overseeing the enterprise risk management program and evaluates and monitors risks related to, among other things, the Company’s information security program. The AC assesses cybersecurity and information technology risks and the controls implemented to monitor and mitigate these risks. The Company’s Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President, Caterpillar IT (the “CIO”) attends all bimonthly AC meetings and provides cybersecurity updates to the AC and board.
Our cybersecurity program is overseen by our CIO, who has been a Caterpillar employee for over twenty-five years. Prior to her current appointment as our CIO in September 2020, she was the Chief Information Officer for the Company’s Financial Products Division.
Her extensive background in IT includes global leadership for large-scale systems transformations, cybersecurity, cloud and application management, global data center management, worldwide network, servers and storage, database management and end-user services. Our CIO leads a cross-functional cybersecurity team comprised of professionals from our product, cybersecurity, legal and compliance organizations who focus on managing the security of our connected solutions. This team manages the Company’s global IT systems, IT risk management, cybersecurity, global infrastructure and IT transformations.
Item 1D.
Information about our Executive Officers.
21
Table of Contents
Item 2.
Properties.
General Information
Caterpillar’s operations are highly integrated.  Although the majority of our plants are involved primarily in production relating to our Construction Industries, Resource Industries or Energy & Transportation segments, several plants are involved in manufacturing relating to more than one business segment.  In addition, several plants reported in our financial statements under the All Other Segment are involved in the manufacturing of components that are used in the assembly of products for more than one business segment.  Caterpillar’s parts distribution centers are involved in the storage and distribution of parts for Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy & Transportation.  The research and development activities carried on at our Technical Centers in Aurora and Mossville, Illinois involve products for Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy & Transportation.
We believe the properties we own to be generally well maintained and adequate for