million.  During 2023, activity was purchases of $
633
million, settlements of $
9
million and unrealized gains of $
51
million.  We valued these instruments using pricing models that, in management’s judgment, reflect the assumptions a market participant would use.
E.
Defined contribution plans
We have both U.S. and non-U.S. employee defined contribution plans to help employees save for retirement.  Our primary U.S. 401(k) plan allows eligible employees to contribute a portion of their cash compensation to the plan.  Employees are eligible for matching contributions equal to
100
percent of employee contributions to the plan up to
6
percent of cash compensation and an annual employer contribution that ranges from
3
to
5
percent of cash compensation (depending on years of service and age).
These 401(k) plans include various investment funds, including a non-leveraged employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).  As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the ESOP held
10.4
million and
11.3
million shares, respectively.  We allocate all of the shares held by the ESOP to participant accounts.  Dividends paid to participants are automatically reinvested into company shares unless the participant elects to have all or a portion of the dividend paid to the participant.  Various other U.S. and non-U.S. defined contribution plans generally allow eligible employees to contribute a portion of their cash compensation to the plans, and in most cases, we provide a matching contribution to the funds.
99
Total company costs related to U.S. and non-U.S. defined contribution plans were as follows:
1
Includes costs related to our non-qualified deferred compensation plans.  We utilize total return swaps to economically hedge this exposure to offset the related costs.  See Note 4 for additional information.
For our U.S. plans, changes in annual defined contribution costs are primarily due to fair value adjustments related to our non-qualified deferred compensation plans.
13.
Short-term borrowings
The weighted-average interest rates on short-term borrowings outstanding were:
Please refer to Note 18 for fair value information on short-term borrowings.
100
Table of Contents
14.
Long-term debt
1
Effective yield to maturity includes the impact of discounts, premiums and debt issuance costs.
2
Redeemable at our option in whole or in part at any time at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i)
100
% of the principal amount or (ii) the discounted present value of the notes or debentures, calculated in accordance with the terms of such notes or debentures.
3
Includes $(
170
) million and $(
133
) million of mark-to-market adjustments related to fair value interest rate swap contracts as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
All outstanding notes and debentures are unsecured and rank equally with one another.
Cat Financial’s medium-term notes are offered by prospectus and are issued through agents at fixed and floating rates.  Medium-term notes due after one year have a weighted