163
million and $
177
million in the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, Energy & Transportation external sales by end user application were as follows:
27
Table of Contents
28
Table of Contents
29
Table of Contents
30
Table of Contents
17.
Cat Financial financing activities
Allowance for credit losses
Portfolio segments
A portfolio segment is the level at which Cat Financial develops a systematic methodology for determining its allowance for credit losses. Cat Financial's portfolio segments and related methods for estimating expected credit losses are as follows:
Customer
Cat Financial provides loans and finance leases to end-user customers primarily for the purpose of financing new and used Caterpillar machinery, engines and equipment for commercial use. Cat Financial also provides financing for power generation facilities that, in most cases, incorporate Caterpillar products. The average original term of Cat Financial's customer finance receivable portfolio was approximately
51
months with an average remaining term of approximately
27
months as of March 31, 2025.
Cat Financial typically maintains a security interest in financed equipment and generally requires physical damage insurance coverage on the financed equipment, both of which provide Cat Financial with certain rights and protections.  If Cat Financial's collection efforts fail to bring a defaulted account current, Cat Financial generally can repossess the financed equipment, after satisfying local legal requirements, and sell it within the Caterpillar dealer network or through third-party auctions.
Cat Financial estimates the allowance for credit losses related to its customer finance receivables based on loss forecast models utilizing probabilities of default and the estimated loss given default based on past loss experience adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts capturing country and industry-specific economic factors.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, Cat Financial's forecasts reflected a continuation of the trend of historically low unemployment rates as well as global market uncertainty and continued actions by global central banks aimed at reducing inflation. Cat Financial believes the economic forecasts employed represent reasonable and supportable forecasts, followed by a reversion to long-term trends.
Dealer
Cat Financial provides financing to Caterpillar dealers in the form of wholesale financing plans and working capital loans. Cat Financial's wholesale financing plans provide assistance to dealers by financing their mostly new Caterpillar equipment inventory and rental fleets on a secured and unsecured basis. In addition, Cat Financial provides a variety of secured and unsecured retail loans to Caterpillar dealers.
31
Table of Contents
Cat Financial estimates the allowance for credit losses for dealer finance receivables based on historical loss rates