that prepared or issued its audit report.
ý
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.
o
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b).
o
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes
☐
No
ý
As of June 30, 2024, there were 484,898,116 shares of common stock of the Registrant outstanding, and the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (assuming only for purposes of this computation that directors and executive officers may be affiliates) was approximately $
160.3
billion.
As of December 31, 2024, there were
477,932,024
shares of common stock of the Registrant outstanding.
Documents Incorporated by Reference
Portions of the documents listed below have been incorporated by reference into the indicated parts of this Form 10-K, as specified in the responses to the item numbers involved.
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
i
Table of Contents
PART I
Item 1.
Business.
General
Originally organized as Caterpillar Tractor Co. in 1925 in the State of California, our company was reorganized as Caterpillar Inc. in 1986 in the State of Delaware.  As used herein, the term “Caterpillar,” “we,” “us,” “our” or “the company” refers to Caterpillar Inc. and its subsidiaries unless designated or identified otherwise.
Overview
With 2024 sales and revenues of $64.809 billion, Caterpillar is the world’s leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, off-highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives.  The company principally operates through its three primary segments - Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy & Transportation - and also provides financing and related services through its Financial Products segment.  Caterpillar is also a leading U.S. exporter.  Through a global network of independent dealers and direct sales of certain products, Caterpillar builds long-term relationships with customers around the world.
Enterprise Strategy
Our company strategy, rolled out in 2017, reflects our legacy and our continuing commitment to meet the needs of our customers and the communities in which we live and work. United by our Values, Caterpillar employees around the world share a focused view of our business through the Operating & Execution Model, through which we are making strategic choices today to create long-term profitable growth. Since 2017, we focused on three strategic areas: Expanded Offerings, Operational Excellence and Services. In 2022, we updated our strategy