exhibit the products, perform the company’s product improvement programs, inform the company concerning any features that might affect the safe operation of any of the company’s products and maintain detailed books and records of the dealer’s financial condition, sales and inventories and make these books and records available at the company’s reasonable request.
These sales and service agreements are terminable at will by either party primarily upon 90 days written notice.
Human Capital
Core Values
Caterpillar’s global workforce is united by Our Values In Action, Caterpillar’s Code of Conduct. Integrity, Excellence, Teamwork, Commitment and Sustainability provide the foundation for our values-based culture. Our human capital management principles are embedded in our values. Our values unite us, and reflect our diverse cultures, languages, geographies, and businesses, as one Caterpillar team.
Health and Safety
The health and safety of our employees is an important focus at Caterpillar.  Our safety driven strategy is focused on preventing serious injuries and learning from those closest to the work. In 2024, the Company achieved a recordable injury frequency rate of 0.43, compared to the 2023 recordable injury frequency rate of 0.40. We strive to continually reduce our recordable injuries utilizing programs that amplify our safety culture globally.
Talent and Leadership Development
In addition to our focus on values and safety, we strive to continually attract, develop, engage, and retain a high-performing global team that executes our enterprise strategy of long-term profitable growth. We are committed to fostering an inclusive environment and a workforce that is representative of the diverse customers and communities we serve around the globe. Our Values In Action enable every individual to achieve their fullest potential and every team to help drive business success. These principles guide us in our daily operating rhythm. In addition, we make on-going investments in our team to develop employees and help individuals reach their full potential.
Our leadership development programs focus on encouraging a variety of experiences to help employees broaden understanding and increase perspective. Our leadership curriculums include building resilient and high performing teams as core development principles. Additionally, skill-based programs to upskill our manufacturing employees are developed locally and tailored to the specific needs of the business.  All employees have access to mentoring programs that connect participants with senior leaders and peers who can support their career goals and development.
Our global internships, engineering co-ops, and career programs for engineering, marketing, and manufacturing provide development opportunities for early career employees. We also have a continual focus on strengthening technical, professional and leadership capabilities at every level using contemporary learning strategies to foster high