and operating lease agreements. See Notes 12, 14 and 20, respectively, of Part II, Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for additional information.
We have short-term obligations related to the purchase of goods and services made in the ordinary course of business. These consist of invoices received and recorded as liabilities as of December 31, 2024, but scheduled for payment in 2025 of $7.68 billion.  In addition, we have contractual obligations for material and services on order at December 31, 2024, but not yet invoiced or delivered, of $6.69 billion.
We also have long-term contractual obligations primarily for logistics services agreements; systems support, software licenses and development contracts; information technology consulting contracts; outsourcing contracts for benefit plan administration and long-term commitments entered into with key suppliers for minimum purchase quantities. These obligations total $1.63 billion, with $762 million due in the next 12 months.
Machinery, Energy & Transportation
Net cash provided by operating activities was $11.44 billion in 2024, compared with $11.69 billion in 2023. The decrease was primarily due to changes in accrued wages, salaries, and employee benefits, higher cash taxes paid, and changes in other liabilities. These were partially offset by decreased working capital requirements. Within working capital, changes in receivables, accounts payable, and customer advances favorably impacted cash flow partially offset by changes in accrued expenses.
Net cash provided by investing activities in 2024 was $133 million, compared with net cash used of $3.92 billion in 2023. The change was due to lower new investments in securities and higher proceeds from maturities and sale of securities, primarily due to time deposit maturities in 2024.
Net cash used for financing activities during 2024 was $11.42 billion, compared with $7.65 billion in 2023. The change was primarily due to higher payments to repurchase shares and debt repayments in 2024.
While our short-term priorities for the use of cash may vary from time to time as business needs and conditions dictate, our long-term cash deployment strategy is focused on the following priorities. Our top priority is to maintain a strong financial position in support of a mid-A rating. Next, we intend to fund operational requirements and commitments. Then, we intend to fund priorities that profitably grow the company and return capital to shareholders through dividend growth and share repurchases.  Additional information on cash deployment is as follows:
Strong financial position
—
Our top priority is to maintain a strong financial position in support of a mid-A rating. We track a diverse group of financial metrics that focus on liquidity, leverage, cash flow and margins which align with our cash deployment actions and the various methodologies used by the major credit rating agencies.
Operational excellence and commitments
—
Capital expenditures