formulating the estimate of probable costs, we do not consider amounts expected to be recovered from insurance companies or others. We reassess these accrued amounts on a quarterly basis. The amount recorded for environmental remediation is not material and is included in Accrued expenses. We believe there is no more than a remote chance that a material amount for remedial activities at any individual site, or at all the sites in the aggregate, will be required.
In addition, we are involved in other unresolved legal actions that arise in the normal course of business. The most prevalent of these unresolved actions involve disputes related to product design, manufacture and performance liability (including claimed asbestos exposure), contracts, employment issues, environmental matters, intellectual property rights, taxes (other than income taxes) and securities laws. The aggregate range of reasonably possible losses in excess of accrued liabilities, if any, associated with these unresolved legal actions is not material. In some cases, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss because there is insufficient information regarding the matter. However, we believe there is no more than a remote chance that any liability arising from these matters would be material. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of these unresolved legal actions, we believe that these actions will not individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
Our operations in Brazil are subject to highly complex labor, tax, customs and other laws.  While we believe that we are in compliance with such laws, we are periodically engaged in litigation regarding the application of these laws, including certain tax and customs disputes with federal, state and municipal authorities in Brazil relating to export activities associated with Caterpillar Brasil Ltda. The Company is unable to predict the outcome or reasonably estimate any potential losses; however, we currently believe that any matters raised will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
15.
Income taxes
The effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2025 was
22.3
percent compared to
19.5
percent for the three months ended March 31, 2024.  The effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was favorably impacted by nontaxable gains from a divestiture of a non-US mining entity.
16.
Segment information
A.    Basis for segment information
Our Executive Office is comprised of a Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Operating Officer (COO),
four
Group Presidents, a Chief Financial Officer (CFO), a Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel and a Chief Human Resources Officer. The COO, Group Presidents and CFO are accountable for a related set of end-to-end businesses that they manage. The Chief Legal Officer and