billion, a decrease of $1.550 billion, or 10 percent, compared with $15.799 billion in the first quarter of 2024. The decrease was primarily due to lower
sales volume
and unfavorable
price realization
. Lower sales volume was mainly driven by the impact from changes in
dealer inventories
.
First-quarter 2025 profit per share was $4.20, compared with $5.75 profit per share in the first quarter of 2024. In the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, profit per share included
restructuring income/costs
. Profit for the first quarter of 2025 was $2.003 billion, a decrease of $853 million, or 30 percent, compared with $2.856 billion for the first quarter of 2024. The decrease was mainly due to the profit impact of lower sales volume and unfavorable price realization.
Trends and Economic Conditions
Outlook for Key End Markets
Our results continue to reflect the benefit of the diversity of our end markets.
In
Construction Industries
, we are encouraged by another quarter of better-than-expected sales of equipment to end users and strong order rates across many of our regions as customers are responding to the attractiveness of our sales merchandising programs. Construction spend in North America remains at healthy levels, and infrastructure projects funded by the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA) continue to be awarded. In Asia Pacific, outside of China, economic conditions continue to be soft. China has shown positive momentum in the excavator industry above 10-tons, but from a very low level of activity. In
EAME
, weak economic conditions in Europe remain, while conditions are supportive of investment in Africa and the Middle East. Construction activity in
Latin America
is expected to moderately decline in 2025 as compared to 2024.
In
Resource Industries
, we are starting the year with strong order rates and backlog growth, particularly for large mining trucks. Rebuild activity is expected to remain healthy. Although most key commodities remain above investment thresholds, customers continue to display capital discipline. Customer product utilization remains high, the age of the fleet remains
44
Table of Contents
elevated, and we continue to see growing customer acceptance of our autonomous solutions. We believe the evolving energy landscape will support increased commodity demand over time, providing further opportunities for long-term profitable growth.
In
Energy & Transportation
, the growth in backlog was driven by robust order activity in both Oil and Gas and Power Generation. Demand remains strong in Power Generation for both reciprocating engines and turbines and turbine-related
services
in 2025. The strength of our backlog gives us confidence in our long-term outlook. For Oil and Gas reciprocating engines and services, we expect continuing softness in well servicing due to ongoing capital discipline by our customers, industry consolidation and efficiency improvements in our customers’ operations. Also within Oil and Gas reciprocating