rates, Financial Products measures the potential impact of different interest rate assumptions on pre-tax earnings.  All on-balance sheet positions, including derivative financial instruments, are included in the analysis.  The primary assumptions included in the analysis are that there are no new fixed rate assets or liabilities, the proportion of fixed rate debt to fixed rate assets remains unchanged and the level of floating rate assets and debt remain constant.  An analysis of the December 31, 2024 balance sheet, using these assumptions, estimates the impact of a 100 basis point immediate and sustained adverse change in interest rates to have a minimal impact on 2025 pre-tax earnings.  Last year, similar assumptions and calculations yielded a minimal impact to 2024 pre-tax earnings.
This analysis does not necessarily represent our current outlook of future market interest rate movement, nor does it consider any actions management could undertake in response to changes in interest rates.  Accordingly, no assurance can be given that actual results would be consistent with the results of our estimate.
46
Table of Contents
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
We provide the following definitions for the non-GAAP financial measures used in this report.  These non-GAAP financial measures have no standardized meaning prescribed by U.S. GAAP and therefore are unlikely to be comparable to the calculation of similar measures for other companies.  Management does not intend these items to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures.
We believe it is important to separately quantify the profit impact of six significant items in order for our results to be meaningful to our readers. These items consist of (i) restructuring income/costs related to the divestitures of certain non-U.S. entities in 2024, (ii) other restructuring income/costs, (iii) pension and OPEB
mark-to-market gains/losses resulting from plan remeasurements, (iv) a discrete tax benefit for a tax law change related to currency translation in 2024, (v) restructuring costs related to the divestiture of the company's Longwall business in 2023 and (vi) certain deferred tax valuation allowance adjustments in 2023. We do not consider these items indicative of earnings from ongoing business activities and believe the non-GAAP measures will provide investors with useful perspective on underlying business results and trends and aids with assessing our period-over-period results.
Reconciliations of adjusted results to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are as follows:
We believe it is important to separately disclose our annual effective tax rate, excluding discrete items for our results to be meaningful to our readers. The annual effective tax rate is discussed using non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the effects of amounts associated with discrete items recorded fully in the quarter they occur. These items consist of (i) restructuring income/costs related to the