general and administrative expenses and Research and development expenses corresponding to the same line item as the cash compensation paid to respective employees, officers and non-employee directors.  We recognize stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for awards with terms that specify cliff or graded vesting and contain only service conditions.  Stock-based compensation expense for PRSUs is based on the probable number of shares expected to vest and is recognized primarily on a straight-line basis.
Before tax, stock-based compensation expense for 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
223
million, $
208
million and $
193
million, respectively, with a corresponding income tax benefit of $
30
million, $
33
million and $
32
million, respectively.
The amount of stock-based compensation expense capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 did not have a significant impact on our financial statements.
At December 31, 2024, there was $
148
million of total unrecognized compensation cost from stock-based compensation arrangements granted under the plans, which is related to non-vested stock-based awards.  We expect to recognize the compensation expense over a weighted-average period of approximately
1.8
years.
We currently use shares in Treasury stock to satisfy share award exercises.
The cash tax benefits realized from stock awards exercised for 2024, 2023 and 2022 were $
90
million, $
89
million and $
63
million, respectively. We use the direct only method and tax law ordering approach to calculate the tax effects of stock-based compensation.
71
Table of Contents
4.
Derivative financial instruments and risk management
Our earnings and cash flow are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices and certain deferred compensation plan liabilities.  Our Risk Management Policy (policy) allows for the use of derivative financial instruments to prudently manage foreign currency exchange rate, interest rate, commodity price and certain deferred compensation plan liability exposures.  Our policy specifies that derivatives are not to be used for speculative purposes.  Derivatives that we use are primarily foreign currency forward, option and cross currency contracts, interest rate contracts, commodity forward and option contracts and total return swap contracts.  Our derivative activities are subject to the management, direction and control of our senior financial officers.  We present at least annually to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors on our risk management practices, including our use of financial derivative instruments.
We recognize all derivatives at their fair value in Statement 3.  On the date the derivative contract is entered into, we designate the derivative as (1) a hedge of the fair value of a recognized asset or liability (fair value hedge), (2) a hedge of a forecasted transaction or the variability of cash