percent of Cat Financial's Customer portfolio for the same periods, respectively.
36
Table of Contents
The financial effects of term extensions and payment delays for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty for the three months ended March 31, were as follows:
After Cat Financial modifies a finance receivable, they continue to track its performance under its most recent modified terms. Defaults of loans modified in the prior twelve months were not significant during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
The effect of most modifications made to finance receivables for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty is already included in the allowance for credit losses based on the methodologies used to estimate the allowance; therefore, a change to the allowance for credit losses is generally not recorded upon modification. On rare occasions when principal forgiveness is provided, the amount forgiven is written off against the allowance for credit losses.
18.
Fair value disclosures
A.
Fair value measurements
The guidance on fair value measurements defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants.  This guidance also specifies a fair value hierarchy based upon the observability of inputs used in valuation techniques.  Observable inputs (highest level) reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs (lowest level) reflect internally developed market assumptions.  In accordance with this guidance, fair value measurements are classified under the following hierarchy:
•
Level 1
—
Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.
•
Level 2
— Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs or significant value-drivers are observable in active markets.
•
Level 3
— Model-derived valuations in which one or more significant inputs or significant value-drivers are unobservable.
When available, we use quoted market prices to determine fair value, and we classify such measurements within Level 1.  In some cases where market prices are not available, we make use of observable market based inputs to calculate fair value, in which case the measurements are classified within Level 2.  If quoted or observable market prices are not available, fair value is based upon valuations in which one or more significant inputs are unobservable, including internally developed models that use, where possible, current market-based parameters such as interest rates, yield curves and currency rates.  These measurements are classified within Level 3.
We classify fair value measurements according to the lowest level input or value-driver that is significant to the valuation.  We may