are categorized as follows:
13
Table of Contents
The following amounts were recorded on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position related to cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges:
We enter into International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) master netting agreements within ME&T and Financial Products that permit the net settlement of amounts owed under their respective derivative contracts.  Under these master netting agreements, net settlement generally permits the company or the counterparty to determine the net amount payable for contracts due on the same date and in the same currency for similar types of derivative transactions.  The master netting agreements may also provide for net settlement of all outstanding contracts with a counterparty in the case of an event of default or a termination event. Our exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties is limited to only those gains that we have recorded, but for which we have not yet received cash payment.
Collateral is typically not required of the counterparties or of our company under the master netting agreements.  As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, no cash collateral was received or pledged under the master netting agreements.
The effect of the net settlement provisions of the master netting agreements on our derivative balances upon an event of default or termination event was as follows:
6.
Inventories
Inventories (principally using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method) were comprised of the following:
14
Table of Contents
7.
Intangible assets and goodwill
A.  Intangible assets
Intangible assets were comprised of the following:
Amortization expense for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 was $
44
million and $
44
million, respectively.
Amortization expense related to intangible assets is expected to be:
B.  Goodwill
No
goodwill was impaired during the three months ended March 31, 2025 or 2024.
15
Table of Contents
The changes in carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment for the three months ended March 31, 2025 were as follows:
1
Other adjustments are comprised primarily of foreign currency translation.
2
Includes All Other Segment (See Note 16).
8.
Investments in debt and equity securities
We have investments in certain debt and equity securities, which we record at fair value and primarily include in Other assets in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. Short-term and long-term investments are held with high quality institutions and, by policy, the amount of credit exposure to any one institution is limited.
We classify debt securities primarily as available-for-sale. We include the unrealized gains and losses arising from the revaluation of available-for-sale debt securities, net of applicable deferred income taxes, in equity (AOCI in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position).  We include the unrealized gains and losses arising from the revaluation of the equity securities in