D.
Concentration of Credit Risk
Finance receivables and wholesale inventory receivables primarily represent receivables under installment sales contracts, receivables arising from leasing transactions and notes receivable.  No single customer or dealer represented a significant concentration of credit risk.
8.
Inventories
Inventories (principally using the LIFO method) are comprised of the following:
9.
Property, plant and equipment
87
Table of Contents
10.
Intangible assets and goodwill
A.
Intangible assets
Intangible assets were comprised of the following:
Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives and tested for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired.
Amortization expense related to intangible assets was $
176
million, $
218
million and $
284
million for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
As of December 31, 2024, amortization expense related to intangible assets is expected to be:
B.
Goodwill
There were
no
goodwill impairments during 2024 or 2023.
Our annual impairment tests completed in the fourth quarter of 2022 indicated the fair value of each reporting unit was substantially above its respective carrying value, including goodwill, with the exception of our Rail reporting unit.
The Rail reporting unit is a part of our Energy & Transportation segment.  Rail’s product portfolio includes diesel-electric locomotives and other rail-related products and services.  The annual impairment test completed in the fourth quarter of 2022 indicated that the fair value of Rail was below its carrying value.  Accordingly, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of $
925
million, resulting in a full impairment of Rail’s goodwill balance as of October 1, 2022.  There was a $
36
million tax benefit associated with this impairment charge.  The valuation of the Rail reporting unit was based on estimates of future cash flows, which assumed a reduced demand forecast, lower margins due to continued inflationary cost pressures, and a discount rate
approximately
140
basis points higher than utilized in the prior year valuation. The reduction in the demand forecast in the fourth quarter of 2022 was primarily driven by fourth quarter commercial developments, resulting in a lower outlook for the Company’s locomotive offerings.
88
Table of Contents
The changes in carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows:
89
Table of Contents
11.
Investments in debt and equity securities
We have investments in certain debt and equity securities, which we record at fair value and primarily include in Other assets in Statement 3. Short-term and long-term investments are held with high quality institutions and, by policy, the amount of credit exposure to any one institution is limited.
We classify debt securities primarily as available-for-sale. We include the unrealized gains and losses arising from the revaluation of available-for-