the second quarter of 2024, we anticipate lower sales in Construction Industries primarily due to unfavorable price realization, partially offset by slightly higher sales volume. In Resource Industries, we expect lower sales primarily due to unfavorable price realization and slightly lower sales volume. In Energy & Transportation, we anticipate higher sales in the second quarter of 2025 as compared to the second quarter of 2024, primarily driven by strength in Power Generation and Oil and Gas. The strength in Oil and Gas is driven by turbines and turbine-related services. We expect favorable price realization for Energy & Transportation in the second quarter of 2025.
In the second quarter of 2025 as compared to the second quarter of 2024, we expect unfavorable price realization, unfavorable
manufacturing costs
and higher selling, general and administrative (SG&A) and research and development (R&D) expenses. We anticipate $250 million to $350 million of estimated cost in the second quarter of 2025 related to the tariffs which have been announced and implemented in 2025. This estimate is net of initial mitigation efforts and cost controls which represent limited, short-term actions that we were able to implement quickly.
In Construction Industries, we expect unfavorable price realization in the second quarter of 2025 as compared to the second quarter of 2024. We expect about 50 percent of the $250 million to $350 million of estimated cost related to tariffs to be incurred in Construction Industries. In Resource Industries, we expect unfavorable price realization and higher SG&A/R&D expenses in the second quarter of 2025 as compared to the second quarter of 2024. We expect about 25 percent of the $250
45
Table of Contents
million to $350 million of estimated cost related to tariffs to be incurred in Resource Industries. In Energy & Transportation, we expect the profit impact of higher sales volume and favorable price realization to be partially offset by unfavorable manufacturing costs and higher SG&A/R&D expenses. We expect about 25 percent of the $250 million to $350 million of estimated cost related to tariffs to be incurred in Energy & Transportation.
Global Business Conditions
We continue to monitor a variety of external factors around the world, such as supply chain disruptions, inflationary cost, labor pressures and the impact of trade policies. Areas of particular focus include transportation, certain components and raw materials. We continue to work to minimize supply chain challenges that may impact our ability to meet customer demand. We continue to assess the environment to determine if additional actions need to be taken.
Risk Factors
Risk factors are disclosed within Item 1A. Risk Factors of the 2024 Form 10-K.
Notes:
•
Glossary of terms is included on pages 52-54; first occurrence of terms shown in bold italics.
•
Information on non-GAAP financial measures is included on pages 57-59.
•
Certain amounts may not add due to rounding.
46