procedures, as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report.  Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report.
Changes in internal control over financial reporting
During the first quarter of 2025, there has been no change in the company’s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company’s internal control over financial reporting.
66
Table of Contents
PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.  Legal Proceedings
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from Note 14 – “Environmental and legal matters” included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q.
Item 1A.  Risk Factors
There have been no material changes to the risk factors we previously disclosed in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Non-U.S. Employee Stock Purchase Plans
As of March 31, 2025, we had 38 employee stock purchase plans (the “EIP Plans”) that are administered outside the United States for our non-U.S. employees, which had approximately 16,000 active participants in the aggregate.  During the first quarter of 2025, approximately 50,000 shares of Caterpillar common stock were purchased by the EIP Plans pursuant to the terms of such plans.
Item 5. Other Information
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, none of the company’s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934)
adopted
,
terminated
or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933).
67
Table of Contents
Item 6. Exhibits
The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.
68
Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
69