average original term of Cat Financial's customer finance receivable portfolio was approximately
51
months with an average remaining term of approximately
27
months as of December 31, 2024.
Cat Financial typically maintains a security interest in financed equipment and generally requires physical damage insurance coverage on the financed equipment, both of which provide Cat Financial with certain rights and protections.  If Cat Financial's collection efforts fail to bring a defaulted account current, Cat Financial generally can repossess the financed equipment, after satisfying local legal requirements, and sell it within the Caterpillar dealer network or through third-party auctions.
Cat Financial estimates the allowance for credit losses related to its customer finance receivables based on loss forecast models utilizing probabilities of default and the estimated loss given default based on past loss experience adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts capturing country and industry-specific economic factors.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, Cat Financial's forecasts reflected a continuation of the trend of historically low unemployment rates as well as low delinquencies within their portfolio.  However, industry delinquencies show an increasing trend as the central bank actions aimed at reducing inflation have weakened global economic growth.  The company believes the economic forecasts employed represent reasonable and supportable forecasts, followed by a reversion to long-term trends.
Dealer
Cat Financial provides financing to Caterpillar dealers in the form of wholesale financing plans and short-term working capital loans. Cat Financial's wholesale financing plans provide assistance to dealers by financing their mostly new Caterpillar equipment inventory and rental fleets on a secured and unsecured basis. In addition, Cat Financial provides a variety of secured and unsecured loans to Caterpillar dealers.
Cat Financial estimates the allowance for credit losses for dealer finance receivables based on historical loss rates with consideration of current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts.
In general, Cat Financial's Dealer portfolio segment has not historically experienced large increases or decreases in credit losses based on changes in economic conditions due to its close working relationships with the dealers and their financial strength. Therefore, Cat Financial made no adjustments to historical loss rates during the year ended December 31, 2024.
Classes of finance receivables
Cat Financial further evaluates portfolio segments by the class of finance receivables, which is defined as a level of information (below a portfolio segment) in which the finance receivables have the same initial measurement attribute and a similar method for assessing and monitoring credit risk.  Cat Financial's classes, which align with management reporting for credit losses, are as follows:
•
North