earnings per share because the effect would have been antidilutive.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we repurchased
7.5
million and
11.3
million shares of Caterpillar common stock, respectively, at an aggregate cost of $
2.8
billion and $
3.7
billion, respectively. We made these purchases through the combination of accelerated share repurchase (ASR) agreements with third-party financial institutions and open market transactions in 2025 and 2024.
In the first quarter of 2025, we entered into ASR agreements to repurchase an aggregate of $
3.0
billion of common stock. We advanced the $
3.0
billion and received approximately
5.7
million shares of Caterpillar common stock, approximately
70
% of the estimated final number of shares to be repurchased, with a value of $
2.1
billion. The final number of shares to ultimately be repurchased will be based on the average of the daily volume-weighted average prices of our common stock during the term of the ASR agreements, less a discount and subject to adjustments pursuant to the terms and conditions of the ASR agreements. The final settlement of the ASR agreements is scheduled to occur during the fourth quarter of 2025. The remaining $
0.9
billion was evaluated as unsettled forward contracts and was classified as a reduction to Common stock within the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
21
Table of Contents
13.
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
We present comprehensive income and its components in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.  Changes in the balances for each component of AOCI were as follows:
22
Table of Contents
14.
Environmental and legal matters
The Company is regulated by federal, state and international environmental laws governing its use, transport and disposal of substances and control of emissions. In addition to governing our manufacturing and other operations, these laws often impact the development of our products, including, but not limited to, required compliance with air emissions standards applicable to internal combustion engines. We have made, and will continue to make, significant research and development and capital expenditures to comply with these emissions standards.
We are engaged in remedial activities at a number of locations, often with other companies, pursuant to federal and state laws. When it is probable we will pay remedial costs at a site, and those costs can be reasonably estimated,  we accrue the investigation, remediation, and operating and maintenance costs against our earnings. We accrue costs based on consideration of currently available data and information with respect to each individual site, including available technologies, current applicable laws and regulations, and prior remediation experience. Where no amount within a range of estimates is more likely, we accrue the minimum. Where multiple potentially responsible parties are involved, we consider our proportionate share of the probable costs. In