America
— Finance receivables originated in the United States and Canada.
•
EAME
— Finance receivables originated in Europe, Africa, the Middle East and Eurasia.
•
Asia/Pacific
— Finance receivables originated in Australia, New Zealand, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India.
•
Mining —
Finance receivables related to large mining customers worldwide.
•
Latin America —
Finance receivables originated in Mexico and Central and South American countries.
•
Power —
Finance receivables originated worldwide related to Caterpillar electrical power generation, gas compression and co-generation systems and non-Caterpillar equipment that is powered by these systems.
81
Table of Contents
Receivable balances, including accrued interest, are written off against the allowance for credit losses when, in the judgment of management, they are considered uncollectible (generally upon repossession of the collateral). Generally, the amount of the write-off is determined by comparing the fair value of the collateral, less cost to sell, to the amortized cost of the receivable. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance for credit losses when received.
An analysis of the allowance for credit losses was as follows:
Gross write-offs by origination year for the Customer portfolio segment were as follows:
All $
47
million of gross write-offs in the Dealer portfolio segment for the year ended December 31, 2024 were in Latin America and originated prior to 2019.
82
Table of Contents
Credit quality of finance receivables
At origination, Cat Financial evaluates credit risk based on a variety of credit quality factors including prior payment experience, customer financial information, credit ratings, loan-to-value ratios, probabilities of default, industry trends, macroeconomic factors and other internal metrics. On an ongoing basis, Cat Financial monitors credit quality based on past-due status as there is a meaningful correlation between the past-due status of customers and the risk of loss. In determining past-due status, Cat Financial considers the entire finance receivable past due when any installment is over
30
days past due.
Customer
The tables below summarize the aging category of Cat Financial's amortized cost of finance receivables in the Customer portfolio segment by origination year:
83
Table of Contents
84
Table of Contents
Finance receivables in the Customer portfolio segment are substantially secured by collateral, primarily in the form of Caterpillar and other equipment. For those contracts where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, repayment of the outstanding amounts is generally expected to be provided through the operation or repossession and sale of the equipment.
85
Table of Contents
Dealer
As of December 31, 2024, Cat Financial's total amortized cost of finance receivables within the Dealer portfolio segment was current. As of December 31, 2023, Cat Financial's total amortized cost of finance receivables within the Dealer