of our
services
initiatives will positively impact Construction Industries in 2025.
In Resource Industries, we anticipate lower sales of equipment to end users in 2025 compared to 2024, partially offset by higher services revenues, including robust rebuild activity. Customers continue to display capital discipline, although key commodities remain above investment thresholds. Customer product utilization remains high, the number of parked trucks remains relatively low, the age of the fleet remains elevated, and our autonomous solutions continue to see strong customer acceptance. We continue to believe the energy transition will support increased commodity demand over time, expanding our total addressable market and providing further opportunities for long-term profitable growth.
In Energy & Transportation, demand is expected to remain strong in Power Generation, as we expect growth for both reciprocating engines and turbines and turbine-related services in 2025 as compared to 2024. Overall strength in Power Generation, for both prime and backup power applications, continues to be driven by increasing energy demands to support data center growth related to cloud computing and generative artificial intelligence (AI). Through continued focus on improving manufacturing efficiencies, along with initial stages of our investment to increase large engine output capability, we expect growth in reciprocating engines for Power Generation in 2025. We also expect growth in turbines and turbine-related services for Power Generation, driven by increased customer demand. For Oil and Gas, we expect moderate growth in 2025 as compared to 2024. We expect reciprocating engines and services to be slightly down in 2025 due to continuing capital discipline by our customers, industry consolidation and efficiency improvements in our customers’ operations. We expect growth for turbines and turbine-related services in Oil & Gas in 2025 as compared to 2024. For turbines and turbine-related services used in Oil & Gas applications, backlog remains strong, and we see continued healthy order and inquiry activity. Demand for products in Industrial applications in 2025 is expected to remain at a relatively low level, similar to 2024. In Transportation, we anticipate growth in 2025, driven by rail services.
Full-Year 2025 Company Trends and Expectations
For the full-year 2025, we anticipate sales and revenues will be slightly lower compared to 2024, primarily driven by lower sales volume and unfavorable price realization. We expect lower sales in Construction Industries and Resource Industries to be partially offset by higher sales in Energy & Transportation. Currently, we do not anticipate a significant change in machine
dealer inventories
in 2025. Services revenues increased in 2024, and we expect services revenues to grow across all three primary segments in 2025.
For Construction Industries, we expect lower sales, including unfavorable price realization. In Resource Industries,