Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.45 billion in 2024, compared with $1.11 billion in 2023. Net cash used for investing activities was $2.79 billion in 2024, compared with $1.42 billion used in 2023. The change was primarily due to portfolio related activity and the divestiture of a non-U.S. entity. Net cash provided by financing activities was $1.21 billion in 2024, compared with net cash provided of $278 million in 2023. The change was primarily due to higher net inflows from external borrowings partially offset by higher dividends paid to Caterpillar in 2024.
Off-balance sheet arrangements
We are a party to certain off-balance sheet arrangements, primarily in the form of guarantees.  Information related to guarantees appears in Note 21 — “Guarantees and product warranty” of Part II, Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 1J — “New accounting guidance” of Part II, Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts. The more significant estimates include: residual values for leased assets, fair values for goodwill impairment tests, warranty liability, reserves for product liability and insurance losses, postretirement benefits, post-sale discounts, credit losses and income taxes. We have incorporated many years of data into the determination of each of these estimates and we have not historically experienced significant adjustments. We review these assumptions at least annually with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Following are the methods and assumptions used in determining our estimates and an indication of the risks inherent in each.
Residual values for leased assets
— We determine the residual value of Cat Financial’s leased equipment based on its estimated end-of-term market value.  We estimate the residual value of leased equipment at the inception of the lease based on a number of factors, including historical wholesale market sales prices, past remarketing experience and any known significant
40
Table of Contents
market/product trends.  We also consider the following critical factors in our residual value estimates: lease term, market size and demand, total expected hours of usage, machine configuration, application, location, model changes, quantities, third-party residual guarantees and contractual customer purchase options.
Upon termination of the lease, the equipment is either purchased by the lessee or sold to a third-party, in which case we may record a gain or a loss for the difference between the estimated residual value and the sale proceeds.
During the term of our leases, we monitor residual values.  For operating leases, we record adjustments to depreciation expense reflecting