Other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statement of Results of Operations.  We generally determine realized gains and losses on sales of investments using the specific identification method for available-for-sale debt and equity securities and include them in Other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statement of Results of Operations.
The cost basis and fair value of available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized gains and losses included in equity (AOCI in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position) were as follows:
16
Table of Contents
17
Table of Contents
The unrealized losses on our investments in government debt securities, corporate debt securities, and mortgage-backed debt securities relate to changes in underlying interest rates and credit spreads since time of purchase.  We do not intend to sell the investments, and it is not likely that we will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their respective amortized cost basis. In addition, we did not expect credit-related losses on these investments as of March 31, 2025.
The cost basis and fair value of available-for-sale debt securities at March 31, 2025, by contractual maturity, are shown below.
Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay and creditors may have the right to call obligations.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, proceeds from available-for-sale debt securities were $
911
million and $
361
million, respectively.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, the net unrealized gains (losses) for equity securities held at March 31, 2025 and 2024 were $
3
million and $
17
million, respectively.
18
Table of Contents
9.
Postretirement benefits
A.  Pension and postretirement benefit costs
1
The service cost component is included in Operating costs.  All other components are included in Other income (expense).
We made $
211
million of contributions to our pension and other postretirement plans during the three months ended March 31, 2025.  We currently anticipate full-year 2025 contributions of approximately $
354
million.
B.  Defined contribution benefit costs
Total company costs related to our defined contribution plans, which are included in Operating costs in the Consolidated Statement of Results of Operations, were as follows:
1
Includes costs related to our non-qualified deferred compensation plans.  We utilize total return swaps to economically hedge this exposure to offset the related costs.  See Note 5 for additional information.
10.
Leases
Revenues from finance and operating leases, primarily included in
Revenues of Financial Products
on the Consolidated Statement of Results of Operations, were as follows:
We present revenues net of sales and other related taxes.
19
Table of Contents
11.
Guarantees and product warranty
We have provided various guarantees that have varying terms and limit potential payment. Under the guarantees, non-performance by the third-