liabilities, regardless of which direction interest rates move.
Our policy allows us to use fixed-to-floating, floating-to-fixed and floating-to-floating interest rate contracts to meet the match-funding objective.  We designate fixed-to-floating interest rate contracts as fair value hedges to protect debt against changes in fair value due to changes in the benchmark interest rate.  We designate most floating-to-fixed interest rate contracts as cash flow hedges to protect against the variability of cash flows due to changes in the benchmark interest rate.
We have, at certain times, liquidated fixed-to-floating and floating-to-fixed interest rate contracts at both ME&T and Financial Products.  We amortize the gains or losses associated with these contracts at the time of liquidation into earnings over the original term of the previously designated hedged item.
C.
Commodity price risk
Commodity price movements create a degree of risk by affecting the price we must pay for certain raw materials.  Our policy is to use commodity forward and option contracts to manage the commodity risk and reduce the cost of purchased materials.
Our ME&T operations purchase base and precious metals embedded in the components we purchase from suppliers.  Our suppliers pass on to us price changes in the commodity portion of the component cost.  In addition, we are subject to price changes on energy products such as natural gas and diesel fuel purchased for operational use.
Our objective is to minimize volatility in the price of these commodities.  Our policy allows us to enter into commodity forward and option contracts to lock in the purchase price of a portion of these commodities within a
five-year
horizon.  All such commodity forward and option contracts are undesignated.
D.  Deferred compensation plan liability risk
We are also exposed to variability in compensation expense related to certain non-qualified deferred compensation obligations to employees.  We utilize total return swaps to economically hedge this exposure to offset the related compensation expense.  All such total return swap contracts are undesignated.
73
Table of Contents
The location and fair value of derivative instruments reported in Statement 3 were as follows:
The total notional amounts of the derivative instruments as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 were $
27.0
billion and $
25.6
billion, respectively. The notional amounts of the derivative financial instruments do not represent amounts exchanged by the parties.  We calculate the amounts exchanged by the parties by referencing the notional amounts and by other terms of the derivatives, such as foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices or certain deferred compensation plan liabilities.
74
Table of Contents
Gains (losses) on derivative instruments are categorized as follows:
The following amounts were recorded in Statement 3 related to cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges:
We enter into International Swaps and