patents.
Order Backlog
The dollar amount of backlog believed to be firm was approximately $30.0 billion at December 31, 2024 and $27.5 billion at December 31, 2023. Compared with year-end 2023, the order backlog increased in Energy & Transportation, while Construction Industries and Resource Industries decreased. Of the total backlog at December 31, 2024, approximately $8.0 billion was not expected to be filled in 2025.
Dealers and Distributors
We distribute our machines principally through a worldwide organization of dealers (dealer network), 41 located in the United States and 111 located outside the United States, serving 187 countries.  We sell reciprocating engines principally through the dealer network and to other manufacturers for use in products. We also sell some of the reciprocating engines manufactured by our subsidiary Perkins Engines Company Limited through its worldwide network of 88 distributors covering 185 countries.  We sell the FG Wilson branded electric power generation systems through its worldwide network of 108 distributors covering 158 countries.
Our dealers do not deal exclusively with our products; however, in most cases sales and servicing of our products are the dealers’ principal business.  We sell some products, primarily turbines and locomotives, directly to end customers through sales forces employed by the company.  At times, these employees are assisted by independent sales representatives.
While the large majority of our worldwide dealers are independently owned and operated, we own and operate a dealership in Japan that covers approximately 80% of the Japanese market:  Nippon Caterpillar Division.  We are currently operating this Japanese dealer directly and we report its results in the All Other Segment.  There are also three independent dealers in the Southern Region of Japan.
For Caterpillar-branded products, the company’s relationship with each of its independent dealers is memorialized in standard sales and service agreements.  Pursuant to these agreements, the company grants the dealer the right to purchase and sell its products and to service the products in a specified geographic service territory.  The company establishes prices to dealers after
6
Table of Contents
receiving input from dealers on transactional pricing in the marketplace.  The company also agrees to defend its intellectual property and to provide warranty and technical support to the dealer.  The agreement further grants the dealer a non-exclusive license to use the company’s trademarks, service marks and brand names.  In some instances, a separate trademark agreement exists between the company and a dealer.
In exchange for these rights, the agreement obligates the dealer to develop and promote the sale of the company’s products to current and prospective customers in the dealer’s service territory.  Each dealer agrees to employ adequate sales and support personnel to market, sell and promote the company’s products, demonstrate and