risk-free yield curves and prices of similarly rated bonds.
We also have investments in time deposits classified as held-to-maturity debt securities. The fair value of these investments is based upon valuations observed in less active markets than Level 1.
These investments have a maturity of less than one year and are recorded at amortized costs, which approximate fair value.
In addition, Insurance Services has an equity investment in a real estate investment trust (REIT) which is recorded at fair value based on the net asset value (NAV) of the investment and is not classified within the fair value hierarchy.
See Note 11 for additional information on our investments in debt and equity securities.
105
Table of Contents
Derivative financial instruments
The fair value of interest rate contracts is primarily based on a standard industry accepted valuation model that utilizes the appropriate market-based forward swap curves and zero-coupon interest rates to determine discounted cash flows.  The fair value of foreign currency and commodity forward, option and cross currency contracts is based on standard industry accepted valuation models that discount cash flows resulting from the differential between the contract price and the market-based forward rate. The fair value of total return swap contracts is primarily based on valuing the underlying securities or funds using pricing by industry providers and the average Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus a spread.
See Note 4 for additional information.
Assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis at fair value included in Statement 3 as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows:
106
Table of Contents
In addition to the amounts above, certain Cat Financial loans are subject to measurement at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and are classified as Level 3 measurements.
A loan is measured at fair value when management determines that collection of contractual amounts due is not probable and the loan is individually evaluated.  In these cases, an allowance for credit losses may be established based either on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the receivables’ effective interest rate, the fair value of the collateral for collateral-dependent receivables, or the observable market price of the receivable.  In determining collateral value, Cat Financial estimates the current fair market value of the collateral less selling costs.
Cat Financial had loans carried at fair value of $
59
million and $
55
million as of  December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
B.
Fair values of financial instruments
In addition to the methods and assumptions we use to record the fair value of financial instruments as discussed in the Fair value measurements section above, we use the following methods and assumptions to estimate the fair value of our financial instruments:
107
Table of Contents
Cash and cash equivalents
Carrying amount approximates fair value. We classify cash and cash