the timing of deductions impact deferred tax assets and liabilities.
Deferred tax assets generally represent tax benefits for tax deductions or credits available in future tax returns.  Certain estimates and assumptions are required to determine whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the benefit of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.  In making this assessment, management analyzes the trend of U.S. GAAP earnings and estimates the impact of future taxable income, reversing temporary differences and available prudent and feasible tax planning strategies.  We give less weight in this analysis to mark-to-market adjustments to remeasure our pension and OPEB plans as we do not consider these adjustments indicative of ongoing earnings trends. Should a change in facts or circumstances lead to a change in judgment about the ultimate realizability of a deferred tax asset, we record or adjust the related valuation allowance in the period that the change in facts and circumstances occurs, along with a corresponding increase or decrease in the provision for income taxes.
Additional information related to income taxes is included in Note 6 — “Income taxes” of Part II, Item 8 “Financial statements and Supplementary Data.”
44
Table of Contents
OTHER MATTERS
Information related to legal proceedings appears in Note 22 — "Environmental and legal matters" of Part II, Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
RETIREMENT BENEFITS
We recognize mark-to-market gains and losses immediately through earnings upon the remeasurement of our pension and OPEB plans.  Mark-to-market gains and losses represent the effects of actual results differing from our assumptions and the effects of changing assumptions.  Changes in discount rates and differences between the actual return on plan assets and the expected return on plan assets generally have the largest impact on mark-to-market gains and losses.
The table below summarizes the amounts of net periodic benefit cost recognized for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and includes expected cost for 2025.
1
Expected net periodic benefit cost (benefit) does not include an estimate for mark-to-market gains or losses.
•
Expected decrease in expense in 2025 compared to 2024
— Excluding the impact of mark-to-market gains and losses, our net periodic benefit cost is expected to decrease $36 million in 2025.  This expected decrease is primarily due to lower interest cost in 2025 as a result of higher discount rates at the end of 2024 creating a lower obligation base (U.S. pension plans year-end 2024 obligation was $12.2 billion compared to a year-end 2023 obligation of $13.1 billion) and a higher expected return on assets in 2025 (U.S. pension plans expected rate of return on plans assets is 6.3 percent for 2025 compared to 5.7 percent for 2024; however, this increase is muted due to a lower asset base at year-end 2024 of $11.9 billion compared to $12.7 billion at year-end 2023).
•
Decrease in