significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE.  See Note 21 for further discussion on a consolidated VIE.
Cat Financial has end-user customers and dealers that are VIEs of which we are not the primary beneficiary.  Our maximum exposure to loss from our involvement with these VIEs is limited to the credit risk inherently present in the financial support that we have provided.  Credit risk was evaluated and reflected in our financial statements as part of our overall portfolio of finance receivables and related allowance for credit losses.
63
Table of Contents
We include shipping and handling costs in Cost of goods sold in Statement 1.  Other operating (income) expenses primarily include Cat Financial’s depreciation on equipment leased to others, Insurance Services’ underwriting expenses, (gains) losses on divestitures, employee separation charges, (gains) losses on disposal of long-lived assets and long-lived asset impairment charges.
Prepaid expenses and other current assets in Statement 3 primarily include investments in debt and equity securities, prepaid and refundable income taxes, right of return assets, prepaid insurance, contract assets, assets held for sale, core to be returned for remanufacturing, and restricted cash and other short-term investments.
Certain amounts for prior years have been reclassified to conform with the current-year financial statement presentation.
C.     Inventories
We state inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We principally determine cost using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method. The value of inventories on the LIFO basis represented about
65
percent of total inventories at both December 31, 2024 and 2023.
If the FIFO (first-in, first-out) method had been in use, inventories would have been $
3,864
million and $
3,423
million higher than reported at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
D.    Depreciation and amortization
We compute depreciation of plant and equipment principally using accelerated methods. We compute depreciation on equipment leased to others, primarily for Financial Products, using the straight-line method over the term of the lease. The depreciable basis is the original cost of the equipment less the estimated residual value of the equipment at the end of the lease term. In 2024, 2023 and 2022, Cat Financial depreciation on equipment leased to others was $
722
million, $
713
million and $
718
million, respectively, which we include in Other operating (income) expenses in Statement 1. In 2024, 2023 and 2022, consolidated depreciation expense was $
1,983
million, $
1,929
million and $
1,937
million, respectively. We compute amortization of purchased finite-lived intangibles principally using the straight-line method, generally not to exceed a period of
20
years.
E.    Foreign currency translation
The functional currency for most of our ME&T