divestitures of certain non-U.S. entities in 2024, (ii) pension and OPEB mark-to-market gains/losses resulting from plan remeasurements, (iii) a discrete tax benefit for a tax law change related to currency translation in 2024, (iv) the impact of changes in estimates related to prior years in 2024, (v) a settlement of stock-based compensation awards with associated tax deductions in excess of cumulative U.S. GAAP compensation expense, (vi) restructuring costs related to divestiture of the company's Longwall business in 2023 and (vii) deferred tax valuation allowance adjustments in 2023. We believe the non-GAAP measures will provide investors with useful perspective on underlying business results and trends and aids with assessing the company's period-over-period results.
A reconciliation of our effective tax rate to annual effective tax rate, excluding discrete items is below:
47
Table of Contents
In addition, we provide a calculation of ME&T free cash flow as we believe it is an important measure for investors to determine the cash generation available for financing activities including debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases.
Reconciliations of ME&T free cash flow to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, net cash provided by operating activities are as follows:
48
Table of Contents
Supplemental Consolidating Data
We are providing supplemental consolidating data for the purpose of additional analysis. We have grouped the data as follows:
Consolidated –
Caterpillar Inc. and its subsidiaries.
Machinery, Energy & Transportation –
We define ME&T as it is presented in the supplemental data as Caterpillar Inc. and its subsidiaries, excluding Financial Products. ME&T's information relates to the design, manufacturing and marketing of our products.
Financial Products –
We define Financial Products as it is presented in the supplemental data as our finance and insurance subsidiaries, primarily Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (Cat Financial) and Cat Insurance Holdings Inc. (Insurance Services). Financial Products’ information relates to the financing to customers and dealers for the purchase and lease of Caterpillar and other equipment.
Consolidating Adjustments –
Eliminations of transactions between ME&T and Financial Products.
The nature of the ME&T and Financial Products businesses is different, especially with regard to the financial position and cash flow items.  Caterpillar management utilizes this presentation internally to highlight these differences. We believe this presentation will assist readers in understanding our business.
Pages 50 to 52 reconcile ME&T and Financial Products to Caterpillar Inc. consolidated financial information.
49
Table of Contents
1
Elimination of Financial Products' revenues earned from ME&T.
2
Elimination of net expenses recorded between ME&T and Financial Products.
3
Elimination of interest expense recorded between Financial Products and ME&T.
4
Elimination of discount recorded by ME&T on