incurred but not reported. Loss reserves, including incurred but not reported reserves, are based on estimates, and ultimate settlements may vary significantly from such estimates due to increased claims frequency or severity over historical levels. The amount of these reserves totaled $1.5 billion and $1.4 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.  The majority of the balance in both 2024 and 2023 consisted of unearned insurance premiums.
Postretirement benefits
— We sponsor defined benefit pension plans and/or other postretirement benefit plans (retirement healthcare and life insurance) to employees in many of our locations throughout the world.  There are assumptions used in the accounting for these defined benefit plans that include discount rate, expected return on plan assets, expected rate of compensation increase, the future health care trend rate, mortality and other economic and demographic assumptions.  The actuarial assumptions we use may change or differ significantly from actual results, which may result in a material impact to our consolidated financial statements.
The effects of actual results differing from our assumptions and the effects of changing assumptions are considered actuarial gains or losses. We utilize a mark-to-market approach in recognizing actuarial gains or losses immediately through earnings upon the annual remeasurement in the fourth quarter, or on an interim basis as triggering events warrant remeasurement.
Primary actuarial assumptions were determined as follows:
•
We use the assumed discount rate to discount future benefit obligations back to today’s dollars.  The U.S. discount rate is based on a benefit cash flow-matching approach and represents the rate at which our benefit obligations could effectively be settled as of our measurement date, December 31.  The benefit cash flow-matching approach involves analyzing Caterpillar’s projected cash flows against a high quality bond yield curve, calculated using a wide population of corporate Aa bonds available on the measurement date.  We use a similar approach to determine the assumed discount rate for our most significant non-U.S. plans.  In estimating the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost, we utilize a full yield curve approach in determining a discount rate.  This approach applies the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. Discount rates are sensitive to changes in interest rates.
•
The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on our estimate of long-term returns for equities and fixed income securities weighted by the allocation of our plan assets.  This rate is impacted by changes in general market conditions, but because it represents a long-term rate, it is not significantly impacted by short-term market swings.  Changes in our allocation of plan assets would also impact this rate.  For example, a shift to