Transportation, but the related costs are not allocated to operating segments. Financial Products’ segment profit is determined on a pretax basis and includes other income/expense items.
24
Table of Contents
All Other Segment
: Primarily includes activities such as: business strategy; product management and development; manufacturing and sourcing of wear and maintenance components primarily for Cat® products; parts distribution; integrated logistics solutions; distribution services responsible for dealer development and administration, including a wholly owned dealer in Japan; dealer portfolio management and ensuring the most efficient and effective distribution of machines, engines and parts; brand management and marketing strategy; and digital investments for new customer and dealer solutions that integrate data analytics with state-of-the-art digital technologies while transforming the buying experience. Results for the All Other Segment are included as a reconciling item between reportable segments and consolidated external reporting.
C.    Segment measurement and reconciliations
We determine the segment profit of Construction Industries, Resource Industries, Energy & Transportation and our All Other Segment on a pretax basis and exclude most interest expense and certain other income (expense) items. We determine Financial Products Segment profit on a pretax basis and include other income (expense) items.
Our CODM evaluates the operating performance of the segments using segment profit as it provides insight into the financial health of each segment. The CODM reviews this metric regularly to compare the profitability of segments, identify trends, and evaluate which segments require additional resources or strategic adjustments. The CODM uses segment profit to support the allocation of resources predominantly in the annual budget and forecasting process. Additionally, the CODM monitors forecast-to-actual variances, focusing on areas where performance deviates from expectations, when evaluating the performance of each segment and making decisions about allocating capital and other resources to each segment.
There are several methodology differences between our segment reporting and our external reporting. The following is a list of the more significant methodology differences:
•
For Construction Industries, Resource Industries, Energy & Transportation and our All Other Segment net assets generally include inventories, receivables, property, plant and equipment, goodwill, intangibles, accounts payable and customer advances. We generally manage at the corporate level liabilities other than accounts payable and customer advances, and we do not include these in segment operations. Financial Products Segment assets generally include all categories of assets.
•
We value segment inventories and cost of sales using a current cost methodology.
•
We amortize goodwill allocated to segments using a fixed amount based on a
20
-year useful life. This