The assumptions about future cash flows and growth rates are based on each reporting unit's long-term forecast and are subject to review and approval by senior management.  A reporting unit’s discount rate is a risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital, which we believe approximates the rate from a market participant’s perspective.  The estimated fair value could be impacted by changes in market conditions, interest rates, growth rates, tax rates, costs, pricing and capital expenditures.  We categorize the fair value determination as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to its use of internal projections and unobservable measurement inputs.
We completed our annual assessment of goodwill in the fourth quarter of 2024 and determined that there was no impairment of goodwill. Caterpillar's market capitalization has remained significantly above the net book value of the Company.
An unfavorable change in our expectations for the financial performance of our reporting units, particularly long-term growth and profitability, would reduce the fair value of our reporting units.  The demand for our equipment and related parts is highly cyclical and significantly impacted by commodity prices, although the impact may vary by reporting unit.  The energy and mining industries are major users of our products, including the mineral extraction, oil and natural gas industries.  Decisions to purchase our products are dependent upon the performance of those industries, which in turn are dependent in part on commodity prices.  Lower commodity prices or industry specific circumstances that have a negative impact to the valuation assumptions may reduce the fair value of our reporting units.  Should such events occur and it becomes more likely than not that a reporting unit’s fair value has fallen below its carrying value, we will perform an interim goodwill impairment test(s), in addition to the annual impairment test.  Future impairment tests may result in a goodwill impairment, depending on the outcome of the quantitative impairment test.  We would report a goodwill impairment as a non-cash charge to earnings.
41
Table of Contents
Product warranty liability
— At the time we recognize a sale, we record estimated future warranty costs.  We determine the product warranty liability by applying historical claim rate experience to the current field population and dealer inventory.  Generally, we base historical claim rates on actual warranty experience for each product by machine model/engine size by customer or dealer location (inside or outside North America).  We develop specific rates for each product shipment month and update them monthly based on actual warranty claim experience.  Warranty costs may differ from those estimated if actual claim rates are higher or lower than our historical rates.
Product liability and insurance loss reserve
— We determine these reserves based upon reported claims in process of settlement and actuarial estimates for losses