month and updates them monthly based on actual warranty claim experience.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the product warranty liability is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the estimate of the product warranty liability, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s significant assumption related to historical claim rates, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s estimate of the product warranty liability. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data provided by management and (ii) the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of management’s estimate by performing one or a combination of procedures, including (a) developing an independent actuarial estimate of the product warranty liability, and comparing the independent estimate to management’s actuarial determined liability; and (b) evaluating the appropriateness of management’s actuarial methodologies and the reasonableness of management’s significant assumption related to historical claim rates.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Dallas, Texas
February 14, 2025
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1925.
56
Table of Contents
1
Profit attributable to common shareholders.
2
Diluted by assumed exercise of stock-based compensation awards using the treasury stock method.
57
Table of Contents
58
Table of Contents
59
Table of Contents
(Continued)
60
Table of Contents
1
Dividends per share of common stock of $
5.53
, $
5.10
and $
4.71
were declared in the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
2
See Note 16 regarding shares repurchased.
61
Table of Contents
Cash equivalents primarily represent short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of generally three months or less
.
62
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1.
Operations and summary of significant accounting policies
A.   Nature of operations
Information in our financial statements and related commentary are presented in the following categories:
Machinery, Energy & Transportation
(ME&T) – We define ME&T as Caterpillar Inc. and its subsidiaries, excluding Financial Products. ME&T's information relates to the design, manufacturing and marketing of our products.
Financial Products
– We define Financial Products as our finance and insurance subsidiaries, primarily Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (Cat Financial) and Caterpillar Insurance Holdings Inc.