portfolio segment was current, with the exception of $
44
million that was 91+ days past due in Latin America, all of which originated prior to 2019.
Non-accrual finance receivables
In Cat Financial's Customer portfolio segment, finance receivables which were on non-accrual status and finance receivables over 90 days past due and still accruing income were as follows:
There  were
no
finance  receivables  in  Cat  Financial's  Dealer  portfolio  segment  on  non-accrual  status  as  of  December 31, 2024. There were $
44
million in finance receivables in Cat Financial's Dealer portfolio segment on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2023, all of which was in Latin America.
Modifications
Cat Financial periodically modifies the terms of their finance receivable agreements in response to borrowers’ financial difficulty. Typically, the types of modifications granted are payment deferrals, interest-only payment periods and/or term extensions. Many modifications Cat Financial grants are for commercial reasons or for borrowers experiencing some form of short-term financial stress and may result in insignificant payment delays. Cat Financial does not consider these borrowers to be experiencing financial difficulty. Modifications for borrowers Cat Financial does consider to be experiencing financial difficulty typically result in payment deferrals and/or reduced payments for a period of
four months
or longer, term extension of
six months
or longer or a combination of both.
During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were
no
finance receivable modifications granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty in Cat Financial's Dealer portfolio segment. The amortized cost basis of finance receivables modified for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty in Cat Financial's Customer portfolio segment during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, was $
33
million and $
47
million, respectively. Total modifications with borrowers experiencing financial difficulty represented
0.15
percent and
0.21
percent of Cat Financial's Customer portfolio for the same periods, respectively.
The financial effects of term extensions and payment delays for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty for the years ended December 31, were as follows:
After Cat Financial modifies a finance receivable, they continue to track its performance under its most recent modified terms. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, defaults of loans modified in the prior twelve months were not significant
.
86
Table of Contents
The effect of most modifications made to finance receivables for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty is already included in the allowance for credit losses based on the methodologies used to estimate the allowance; therefore, a change to the allowance for credit losses is generally not recorded upon modification. On rare occasions when principal forgiveness is provided, the amount forgiven is written off against the allowance for credit losses.