sale debt securities, net of applicable deferred income taxes, in equity (AOCI in Statement 3).  We include the unrealized gains and losses arising from the revaluation of the equity securities in Other income (expense) in Statement 1.  We generally determine realized gains and losses on sales of investments using the specific identification method for available-for-sale debt and equity securities and include them in Other income (expense) in Statement 1.
The cost basis and fair value of available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized gains and losses included in equity (AOCI in Statement 3) were as follows:
90
Table of Contents
The unrealized losses on our investments in government debt securities, corporate debt securities, and mortgage-backed debt securities relate to changes in underlying interest rates and credit spreads since time of purchase.  We do not intend to sell the investments, and it is not likely that we will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their respective amortized cost basis. In addition, we did not expect credit-related losses on these investments as of December 31, 2024.
The cost basis and fair value of available-for-sale debt securities at December 31, 2024, by contractual maturity, are shown below.
Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay and creditors may have the right to call obligations.
91
Table of Contents
In addition, we had $
1,900
million of investments in time deposits classified as held-to-maturity debt securities as of December 31, 2023.  We did
not
have any investments classified as held-to-maturity debt securities as of December 31, 2024. These investments matured within one year and were included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in Statement 3.  We record held-to-maturity debt securities at amortized cost, which approximates fair value.
For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the net unrealized gains (losses) for equity securities held at December 31, 2024 and 2023 were $
25
million and  $(
12
) million, respectively.
12.
Postemployment benefit plans
We provide defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans and/or other postretirement benefit plans (retirement health care and life insurance) to employees in many of our locations throughout the world.  Our defined benefit pension plans provide a benefit based on years of service and/or the employee’s average earnings near retirement.  Our defined contribution plans allow employees to contribute a portion of their salary to help save for retirement, and in most cases, we provide a matching contribution.  The benefit obligation related to our non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans are for employees located primarily in Europe, Japan and Brazil.  For other postretirement benefits (OPEB), substantially all of our benefit obligation is for employees located in the United States.
92
Table of Contents
A.    Obligations, assets and funded status
1