consolidated subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency for most of our Financial Products consolidated subsidiaries is the respective local currency.  We include gains and losses resulting from the remeasurement of foreign currency amounts to the functional currency in Other income (expense) in Statement 1. We include gains and losses resulting from translating assets and liabilities from the functional currency to U.S. dollars in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) in Statement 3.
F.    Derivative financial instruments
Our earnings and cash flow are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices and certain deferred compensation plan liabilities.  Our Risk Management Policy (policy) allows for the use of derivative financial instruments to prudently manage foreign currency exchange rate, interest rate, commodity price and certain deferred compensation plan liability exposures.  Our policy specifies that derivatives are not to be used for speculative purposes.  Derivatives that we use are primarily foreign currency forward, option and cross currency contracts, interest rate contracts, commodity forward and option contracts and total return swap contracts.  All derivatives are recorded at fair value.
See Note 4 for more information.
G.    Income taxes
We determine the provision for income taxes using the asset and liability approach taking into account guidance related to uncertain tax positions.  Tax laws require items to be included in tax filings at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements.  We recognize a current liability for the estimated taxes payable for the current year.  Deferred taxes represent the future tax consequences expected to occur when the reported amounts of assets and liabilities are recovered or paid.  We adjust deferred taxes for enacted changes in tax rates and tax laws.  We record valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
See Note 6 for further discussion.
64
Table of Contents
H.    Goodwill
For acquisitions accounted for as a business combination, goodwill represents the excess of the cost over the fair value of the net assets acquired.  We are required to test goodwill for impairment, at the reporting unit level, annually and when events or circumstances make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred.  A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (referred to as a component) to which goodwill is assigned when initially recorded.  We assign goodwill to reporting units based on our integration plans and the expected synergies resulting from the acquisition.  Because Caterpillar is a highly integrated company, the businesses we acquire are sometimes combined with or integrated into existing reporting units.  When changes occur in the composition of our operating