23.
Sales Volume
– With respect to sales and revenues, sales volume represents the impact of changes in the quantities sold for Machinery, Energy & Transportation as well as the incremental sales impact of new product introductions, including emissions-related product updates. With respect to operating profit, sales volume represents the impact of changes in the quantities sold for Machinery, Energy & Transportation combined with product mix as well as the net operating profit impact of new product introductions, including emissions-related product updates. Product mix represents the net operating profit impact of changes in the relative weighting of Machinery, Energy & Transportation sales with respect to total sales. The impact of sales volume on segment profit includes inter-segment sales.
24.
Services
– Machinery, Energy & Transportation services revenues include, but are not limited to, aftermarket parts and other service-related revenues and exclude most Financial Products revenues, discontinued products and captive dealer services.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
Sources of funds
We generate significant capital resources from operating activities, which are the primary source of funding for our ME&T operations. Funding for these businesses is also available from commercial paper and long-term debt issuances. Financial Products’ operations are funded primarily from commercial paper, term debt issuances and collections from its existing portfolio. During 2024, we had positive operating cash flow within both our ME&T and Financial Products' operations. On a consolidated basis, we ended 2024 with $6.89 billion of cash, a decrease of $89 million from year-end 2023. In addition, ME&T invests in available-for-sale debt securities and bank time deposits that are considered highly liquid and are available for current operations. These ME&T securities were $1.98 billion as of December 31, 2024 and are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other assets in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. We intend to maintain a strong cash and liquidity position.
Consolidated operating cash flow for 2024 was $12.04 billion, down $850 million compared to 2023. The decrease was primarily due to changes in accrued wages, salaries, and employee benefits, and higher cash taxes paid. These were partially offset by lower working capital requirements. Within working capital, changes in accounts payable, customer advances, and receivables favorably impacted cash flow, partially offset by changes in accrued expenses.
Total debt as of December 31, 2024 was $38.41 billion, an increase of $531 million from year-end 2023. Debt related to ME&T decreased $893 million in 2024. Debt related to Financial Products increased by $1.54 billion due to portfolio funding requirements.
As of December 31, 2024, we had three global credit facilities with a syndicate of banks totaling $10.50 billion (Credit Facility) available in the aggregate to both