factors and, as a result, you should not consider the following factors to be a complete discussion of risks, uncertainties and assumptions.
MACROECONOMIC RISKS
Our business and the industries we serve are highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions.
Our results of operations are materially affected by economic conditions globally and regionally and in the particular industries we serve.  The demand for our products and services tends to be cyclical and can be significantly reduced in periods of economic weakness characterized by lower levels of government and business investment, lower levels of business confidence, lower corporate earnings, high real interest rates, lower credit activity or tighter credit conditions, perceived or actual industry overcapacity, higher unemployment and lower consumer spending. A prolonged period of economic weakness may also result in increased expenses due to higher allowances for doubtful accounts and potential goodwill and asset impairment charges.  Economic conditions vary across regions and countries, and demand for our products and services generally increases in those regions and countries experiencing economic growth and investment.  Slower economic growth or a change in the global mix of regions and countries experiencing economic growth and investment could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
The energy, transportation, and mining industries are significant adopters of Caterpillar products. In these industries customers are likely to base their purchase decisions upon expected future commodity dynamics, including price. Commodity price volatility may be abrupt and unpredictable in response to global economic conditions, government actions, regulatory changes, supply/demand dynamics, innovation, and commodity substitutions among others. Economic conditions affecting the industries we serve may reduce capital expenditures in response to a variety of the aforementioned conditions. Reduction in these capital expenditures may lead to decreased demand for Caterpillar products and services as well as aftermarket parts as customers may choose to extend preventative maintenance and delay overhauls when possible.
The rates of infrastructure spending, commercial construction and housing starts also play a significant role in our results.  Our products are an integral component of these activities, and as these activities decrease, demand for our products and services may be significantly impacted, which could negatively impact our results.
Catastrophic events could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition.
The occurrence of a major earthquake, fire, flood, tsunami or other weather event, power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunctions, pandemics, cyber-attack, war, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event that our disaster recovery plans do not adequately address, could