that we will exercise that option, we have included the option in the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.  We have elected not to recognize right-of-use assets or lease liabilities for leases with a term of twelve months or less.
Our finance leases are not significant and therefore are not included in the following disclosures.
The components of lease costs were as follows:
We recognize operating lease right-of-use assets in Other assets in Statement 3.  We recognize the operating lease liabilities  in Other current liabilities and Other liabilities.
Supplemental information related to leases was as follows:
109
Maturities of operating lease liabilities were as follows:
Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows:
B.  Lessor arrangements
We lease Caterpillar machinery, engines and other equipment to customers and dealers around the world, primarily through Cat Financial.  Cat Financial leases to customers primarily through sales-type (non-tax) leases, where the lessee for tax purposes is considered to be the owner of the equipment during the term of the lease.  Cat Financial also offers tax leases that are classified as either operating or direct finance leases for financial accounting purposes, depending on the characteristics of the lease. For tax purposes, Cat Financial is considered the owner of the equipment. Our lease agreements may include options for the lessee to purchase the underlying asset at the end of the lease term for either a stated fixed price or fair market value.
We determine the residual value of Cat Financial’s leased equipment based on its estimated end-of-term market value.  We estimate the residual value of leased equipment at the inception of the lease based on a number of factors, including historical wholesale market sales prices, past remarketing experience and any known significant market/product trends.  We also consider the following critical factors in our residual value estimates: lease term, market size and demand, total expected hours of usage, machine configuration, application, location, model changes, quantities, third-party residual guarantees and contractual customer purchase options.
During the term of our leases, we monitor residual values.  For operating leases, we record adjustments to depreciation expense reflecting changes in residual value estimates prospectively on a straight-line basis.  For finance leases, we recognize residual value adjustments through a reduction of finance revenue over the remaining lease term.
See Note 7 for contractual maturities of finance
lease receivables (sales-type and direct finance leases).
The carrying amount of equipment leased to others, included in Property, plant and equipment - net in Statement 3, under operating leases was as follows:
110
Payments due for operating leases as of December 31, 2024, were as follows:
Revenues from finance and operating leases, primarily included in
Revenues of Financial Products
on