Brasil Ltda.  The Company is unable to predict the outcome or reasonably estimate any potential losses; however, we currently believe that any matters raised will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
In addition, we are involved in other unresolved legal actions that arise in the normal course of business. The most prevalent of these unresolved actions involve disputes related to product design, manufacture and performance liability (including claimed asbestos exposure), contracts, employment issues, environmental matters, intellectual property rights, taxes (other than income taxes) and securities laws. The aggregate range of reasonably possible losses in excess of accrued liabilities, if any, associated with these unresolved legal actions is not material. In some cases, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss because there is insufficient information regarding the matter. However, we believe there is no more than a remote chance that any liability arising from these matters would be material. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of these unresolved legal actions, we believe that these actions will not individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
23.
Segment information
A.  Basis for segment information
Our Executive Office is comprised of a Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Operating Officer (COO),
four
Group Presidents, a Chief Financial Officer (CFO), a Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel and a Chief Human Resources Officer. The COO, Group Presidents and CFO are accountable for a related set of end-to-end businesses that they manage. The Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel leads the Law, Security and Public Policy Division. The Chief Human Resources Officer leads the Human Resources Organization. The CEO allocates resources and manages performance at the COO/Group President/CFO level. As such, the CEO serves as our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), and operating segments are primarily based on the COO/Group President/CFO reporting structure.
Three
of our operating segments, Construction Industries, Resource Industries and Energy & Transportation are led by Group Presidents.
One
operating segment, Financial Products, is led by the CFO who also has responsibility for Corporate Services. Corporate Services is a cost center primarily responsible for the performance of certain support functions globally and to provide centralized services; it does not meet the definition of an operating segment.
One
Group President leads
one
smaller operating segment that is included in the All Other Segment. The Law, Security and Public Policy Division and the Human Resources Organization are cost centers and do not meet the definition of an operating segment.
B.  Description of segments
We have
five
operating segments, of which
four
are