interest costs. Interest at or above prevailing market rates may be charged on any past due balance, and generally our practice is to not forgive this interest. Regular credit evaluations of our dealers and end users are performed.  Collateral generally is not required, and the majority of our trade receivables are unsecured.  Various devices, such as security agreements and letters of credit, are used to protect our interests, when deemed necessary.  No single dealer or end user represents a significant concentration of credit risk. Our allowance for credit losses is not significant for ME&T receivables.
For certain contracts, we invoice for payment when contractual milestones are achieved. We recognize a contract asset when a sale is recognized before achieving the contractual milestone for invoicing.  We reduce the contract asset when we invoice for payment and recognize a corresponding trade receivable. Contract assets are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in Statement 3.  Contract assets were $
238
million, $
246
million and $
247
million as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
We invoice in advance of recognizing the sale of certain products.  We recognize advanced customer payments as a contract liability in Customer advances and Other liabilities in Statement 3.  Contract liabilities were $
2,745
million, $
2,389
million and $
2,314
million as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.  We reduce the contract liability when we recognize revenue.  During 2024, we recognized $
1,591
million of revenue that was recorded as a contract liability at the beginning of 2024.  During 2023, we recognized $
1,660
million of revenue that was recorded as a contract liability at the beginning of 2023.
We have elected the practical expedient to not adjust the amount of revenue to be recognized under a contract with a dealer or end user for the effects of time value of money when the timing difference between receipt of payment and recognition of revenue is less than one year.
As of December 31, 2024, we have entered into contracts with dealers and end users for which sales have not been recognized as we have not satisfied our performance obligations and transferred control of the products.  The dollar amount of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original duration greater than one year is $
15.2
billion, with about one-half of the amount expected to be completed and revenue recognized in the
twelve months
following December 31, 2024.  We have elected the practical expedient to not disclose unsatisfied performance obligations with an original contract duration of one year or less.  Contracts with an original duration of one year or less are primarily sales to dealers for machinery, engines and replacement parts.
We exclude sales and other related taxes from the transaction price.  We account for shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight after control over a product has