by any of the major credit rating agencies could result in increased borrowing costs and could make access to certain credit markets more difficult. In the event economic conditions deteriorate such that access to debt markets becomes unavailable, ME&T’s operations would rely on cash flow from operations, use of existing cash balances, borrowings from Cat Financial and access to our committed credit facilities. Our Financial Products’ operations would rely on cash flow from its existing portfolio, existing cash balances, access to our committed credit facilities and other credit line facilities of Cat Financial, and potential borrowings from Caterpillar. In addition, we maintain a support agreement with Cat Financial, which requires Caterpillar to remain the sole owner of Cat Financial and may, under certain circumstances, require Caterpillar to make payments to Cat Financial should Cat Financial fail to maintain certain financial ratios.
55
Table of Contents
We facilitate voluntary supplier finance programs (the “Programs”) through participating financial institutions.  We account for the payments made under the Programs, the same as other accounts payable, as a reduction to our cash flows from operations. We do not believe that changes in the availability of the programs will have a significant impact on our liquidity. Additional information related to the programs is included in Note 21 – "Supplier finance programs" of Part I, Item 1 "Financial Statements."
Machinery, Energy & Transportation
Net cash provided by operating activities was $926 million in the first three months of 2025, compared with net cash provided of $1.771 billion for the same period in 2024. The decrease was primarily due to lower profit before taxes, adjusted for non-cash items, and higher working capital requirements. Within working capital, changes in inventories unfavorably impacted cash flow, but were partially offset by changes in customer advances.
Net cash provided by investing activities in the first three months of 2025 was $30 million, compared with net cash provided of $1.225 billion in the first three months of 2024. The change was primarily due to lower proceeds from maturities and sale of securities, primarily due to time deposit maturities in 2024.
Net cash used for financing activities during the first three months of 2025 was $4.432 billion, compared with net cash used of $5.120 billion in the same period of 2024. The change was primarily due to lower payments to purchase common stock in the first three months of 2025 compared to the same period in 2024.
While our short-term priorities for the use of cash may vary from time to time as business needs and conditions dictate, our long-term cash deployment strategy is focused on the following priorities. Our top priority is to maintain a strong financial position in support of a mid-A rating. Next, we intend to fund operational requirements and commitments. Then, we intend to fund priorities that profitably