transferred as a fulfillment cost which is included in Cost of goods sold.
We provide a standard manufacturer’s warranty of our products at no additional cost.  At the time we recognize a sale, we record estimated future warranty costs.  See Note 21 for further discussion of our product warranty liabilities.
See Note 23 for further disaggregated sales and revenues information.
B.   Revenues of Financial Products
Revenues of Financial Products are generated primarily from finance revenue on finance receivables and rental payments on operating leases.  We record finance revenue over the life of the related finance receivables using the interest method, including the accretion of certain direct origination costs that are deferred.  Operating lease revenue is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
We suspend recognition of finance revenue and operating lease revenue and place the account on non-accrual status when management determines that collection of future income is not probable (generally after
120
days past due).  We resume recognition of revenue, and recognize previously suspended income, when we consider collection of remaining amounts to be probable.  Payments received while the finance receivable is on non-accrual status are applied to interest and principal in accordance with the contractual terms.  We write off interest earned but uncollected prior to the receivables being placed on non-accrual status through Provision for credit losses when, in the judgment of management, we consider it to be uncollectible.  See Note 7 for more information.
67
Table of Contents
3.
Stock-based compensation
Our stock-based compensation plans primarily provide for the granting of stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs) and performance-based restricted stock units (PRSUs) to Officers and other key employees, as well as non-employee Directors. Stock options permit a holder to buy Caterpillar stock at the stock’s price when the option was granted.  RSUs are agreements to issue shares of Caterpillar stock at the time of vesting.  PRSUs are similar to RSUs and include performance conditions in the vesting terms of the award.
Our long-standing practices and policies specify that the Compensation Committee (the Committee) of the Board of Directors approve all stock-based compensation awards.  The award approval process specifies the grant date, value and terms of the award.  We consistently apply the same terms and conditions to all employee grants, including Officers. The Committee approves all individual Officer grants.  We determine the number of stock-based compensation award units included in an individual’s award based on the methodology approved by the Committee.  The exercise price methodology approved by the Committee is the closing price of the Company stock on the date of the grant.  In June of 2014, shareholders approved the Caterpillar Inc. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan) under which all new stock-based