(Insurance Services). Financial Products’ information relates to the financing to customers and dealers for the purchase and lease of Caterpillar and other equipment.
We sell our products primarily under the brands “Caterpillar,” “CAT,” design versions of “CAT” and “Caterpillar,” “EMD,” “FG Wilson,” “MWM,” “Perkins,” “Progress Rail,” “SEM” and “Solar Turbines.”
We conduct operations in our ME&T line of business under highly competitive conditions, including intense price competition. We place great emphasis on the high quality and performance of our products and our dealers’ service support. Although no one competitor is believed to produce all of the same types of equipment that we do, there are numerous companies, large and small, which compete with us in the sale of each of our products.
We distribute our machines principally through a worldwide organization of dealers (dealer network),
41
located in the United States and
111
located outside the United States, serving
187
countries.  We sell reciprocating engines principally through the dealer network and to other manufacturers for use in products.  We also sell some of the reciprocating engines manufactured by our subsidiary Perkins Engines Company Limited through its worldwide network of
88
distributors covering
185
countries.  We sell the FG Wilson branded electric power generation systems through its worldwide network of
108
distributors covering
158
countries.  Our dealers do not deal exclusively with our products; however, in most cases sales and servicing of our products are the dealers’ principal business. We sell some products, primarily turbines and locomotives, to end customers through sales forces employed by the company. At times, these employees are assisted by independent sales representatives.
The Financial Products line of business also conducts operations under highly competitive conditions. Financing for users of Caterpillar products is available through a variety of competitive sources, principally commercial banks and finance and leasing companies. We offer various financing, insurance and risk management products designed to support sales of our products and generate financing income for our company. We conduct a significant portion of Financial Products activity in North America, with additional offices in Latin America, Asia/Pacific, Europe and Africa.
B.   Basis of presentation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Caterpillar Inc. and its subsidiaries where we have a controlling financial interest.
Investments in companies where our ownership exceeds 20 percent and we do not have a controlling interest or where the ownership is less than 20 percent and for which we have a significant influence are accounted for by the equity method.
We consolidate all variable interest entities (VIEs) where Caterpillar Inc. is the primary beneficiary.  The primary beneficiary of a VIE is the party that has both the power to direct the activities that most