performance. Strategic talent reviews and succession planning occur at a minimum, annually, across our businesses.  Mentoring programs connect participants with senior leaders and peers who can support their career goals and development.
Our 14 Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), which are sponsored and supported by leadership, help ensure different voices and perspectives contribute to our strategy for long-term profitable growth. They also engage our employees, helping contribute to development and retention. Our ERGs provide many contributions to help further our business strategy including partnerships with recruiters and early career and professional organizations that can assist in strengthening the talent pipeline and programs that educate and inform on the richness of the global cultures that we share.
7
Table of Contents
Compensation, Benefits and Employee Insights
Providing competitive benefits and compensation underpins our commitment to our engaged and productive employees. Our pay-for-performance philosophy aligns employee’s individual contributions, behaviors and business results with individual rewards. Our comprehensive Total Health programs focus on purpose, as well as physical and mental health, emotional and social support, and financial wellness. The annual Employee Insights Survey provides all employees the opportunity to confidentially share their perspectives and engages leaders to listen, learn and respond to employee feedback to help foster a positive work environment.
Employment
Management aligns employment levels with the needs of the business. We believe we have the appropriate human capital resources to successfully operate and deliver our enterprise strategy. As of December 31, 2024, we employed about 112,900 full-time persons of whom approximately 61,400 were located outside the United States.  In the United States, we employed approximately 51,500 full-time persons, most of whom are at-will employees and, therefore, not subject to any type of employment contract or agreement.  At select business units, we have hired certain highly specialized employees under employment contracts that specify a term of employment, pay and other benefits.
As of December 31, 2024, there were 7,386 hourly production employees in the United States who were covered by collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions, including The United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America (UAW), The International Association of Machinists and The United Steelworkers. Outside the United States, the company enters into employment contracts and agreements in those countries in which such relationships are mandatory or customary. The provisions of these agreements generally correspond in each case with the required or customary terms in the subject jurisdiction.
Environmental Matters
The company is regulated by federal, state and international environmental laws governing our use, transport and disposal of substances