acceptable core, we repay the deposit and relieve the liability.  We then transfer the returned core asset into inventory.  In the event that the deposit is forfeited (i.e., upon failure by the dealer to return an acceptable core in the specified time period), we recognize the core deposit and the cost of the core in Sales and Cost of goods sold, respectively.
We provide discounts to dealers through merchandising programs.  We have numerous programs that are designed to promote the sale of our products.  The most common dealer programs provide a discount when the dealer sells a product to a targeted end user.  Generally, we estimate the cost of these discounts for each product by model by geographic region based on historical experience and known changes in merchandising programs.  We report the cost of these discounts as a reduction to the transaction price when we recognize the product sale.  We accrue a corresponding post-sale discount reserve in Statement 3, which represents discounts we expect to pay on units sold.  If discounts paid differ from those estimated, we report the difference as a change in the transaction price.
Except for replacement parts, no right of return exists on the sale of our products.  We estimate replacement part returns based on historical experience and recognize a parts return asset in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in Statement 3, which represents our right to recover replacement parts we expect will be returned.  We also recognize a refund liability in Accrued expenses in Statement 3 for the refund we expect to pay for returned parts.  If actual replacement part returns differ from those estimated, we recognize the difference in the estimated replacement part return asset and refund liability in Cost of goods sold and Sales, respectively.
Trade receivables represent amounts due from dealers and end users for the sale of our products, and include amounts due from wholesale inventory financing provided by Cat Financial for a dealer's purchase of inventory. See Note 7 for further information. We recognize trade receivables from dealers and end users in Receivables – trade and other and Long-term receivables – trade and other in Statement 3. Trade receivables from dealers and end users were $
7,864
million, $
7,923
million and $
7,551
million as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Long-term trade receivables from dealers and end users were $
640
million, $
589
million and $
506
million as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Our standard dealer invoice terms are established by marketing region. Our invoice terms for end user sales are established by the responsible business unit. Payments from dealers are due shortly after the time of sale. When we make a sale to a
66
Table of Contents
dealer, the dealer is responsible for payment even if the product is not sold to an end user. Dealers and end users must make payment within the established invoice terms to avoid potential