(d) the consolidated changes in shareholders’ equity for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 and (e) the consolidated cash flow for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.  The financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year. The information included in this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in our company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (2024 Form 10-K).
The December 31, 2024 financial position data included herein is derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in the 2024 Form 10-K but does not include all disclosures required by U.S. GAAP.
Cat Financial has end-user customers and dealers that are variable interest entities (VIEs) of which we are not the primary beneficiary. Our maximum exposure to loss from our involvement with these VIEs is limited to the credit risk inherently present in the financial support that we have provided. Credit risk was evaluated and reflected in our financial statements as part of our overall portfolio of finance receivables and related allowance for credit losses. See Note 11 for further discussions on a consolidated VIE.
2.
New accounting guidance
A.  Adoption of new accounting standards
We consider the applicability and impact of all ASUs.  We determined that the ASUs effective January 1, 2025 were either not applicable or did not have a material impact on our financial statements.
B.  Accounting standards issued but not yet adopted
Income tax reporting
(ASU 2023-09) — In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued accounting guidance to expand the annual disclosure requirements for income taxes, primarily related to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid.
The expanded disclosures are effective for our year ending December 31, 2025, and can be applied prospectively or retrospectively. We are in the process of evaluating the effect of this new guidance on the related disclosures.
Disaggregation of income statement expenses
(ASU 2024-03) — In November 2024, the FASB issued accounting guidance to enhance transparency into the nature and function of income statement expenses. The amendments require that on an annual and interim basis, entities disclose disaggregated operating expense information about specific categories, including purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation and amortization. The expanded
8
Table of Contents
annual disclosures are effective for our year ending December 31, 2027, and the expanded interim disclosures are effective in 2028, with early adoption permitted. We are in the process of evaluating the effect of this new guidance on the