estimated costs to sell.  Cat Financial had loans carried at fair value of $
70
million and $
59
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
B.
Fair values of financial instruments
In addition to the methods and assumptions we use to record the fair value of financial instruments as discussed in the Fair value measurements section above, we use the following methods and assumptions to estimate the fair value of our financial instruments:
Cash and cash equivalents
Carrying amount approximates fair value. We classify cash and cash equivalents as Level 1. See Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
40
Table of Contents
Restricted cash and short-term investments
Carrying amount approximates fair value.  We include restricted cash and short-term investments in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. We classify these instruments as Level 1. See Note 8 for additional information.
Finance receivables
We estimate fair value by discounting the future cash flows using current rates, representative of receivables with similar remaining maturities.
Wholesale inventory receivables
We estimate fair value by discounting the future cash flows using current rates, representative of receivables with similar remaining maturities.
Short-term borrowings
Carrying amount approximates fair value.  We classify short-term borrowings as Level 1. See Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
Long-term debt
We estimate fair value for fixed and floating rate debt based on quoted market prices.
Our financial instruments not carried at fair value were as follows:
1
Represents finance leases and failed sale leasebacks of $
6,829
million and $
6,769
million at March 31, 2025 and
December 31, 2024, respectively.
41
Table of Contents
19.
Other income (expense)
1
Includes gains (losses) from foreign exchange derivative contracts. See Note 5 for further details.
20.
Restructuring income/costs
Our accounting for employee separations is dependent upon how the particular program is designed.  For voluntary programs, we recognize eligible separation costs at the time of employee acceptance unless the acceptance requires explicit approval by the company. For involuntary programs, we recognize eligible costs when management has approved the program, the affected employees have been properly notified and the costs are estimable.
Restructuring costs for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
The restructuring costs for the three months ended March 31, 2025 were related to restructuring actions across the company. The restructuring income for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was primarily related to the divestiture of a non-US mining entity.
In 2025 and 2024, all restructuring costs are excluded from segment profit.
42
Table of Contents
21.
Supplier finance programs
We facilitate voluntary supplier finance programs (the “Programs”) through participating financial institutions.