by the absence of the divestiture of the company's Longwall business in 2023, partially offset by unfavorable impacts of segment reporting methodology differences.
2023 COMPARED WITH 2022
For discussions related to the consolidated sales and revenue and consolidated operating profit between 2023 and 2022, refer to Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2024 and hereby incorporated by reference.
34
Table of Contents
RESTRUCTURING COSTS
In 2025, we expect to incur about $150 million to $200 million of restructuring costs. We expect that prior restructuring actions will result in an incremental benefit to operating costs, primarily Costs of goods sold and SG&A expenses, of about $25 million in 2025 compared with 2024.
Additional information related to restructuring costs is included in Note 24 — "Restructuring income/costs" of Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplemental Data."
GLOSSARY OF TERMS
1.
Adjusted Operating Profit Margin
– Operating profit excluding restructuring income/costs as a percent of sales and revenues.
2.
Adjusted Profit Per Share
– Profit per share excluding restructuring income/costs, a discrete tax benefit for a tax law change related to currency translation, pension and OPEB mark-to-market gains/losses and certain deferred tax valuation allowance adjustments in 2023.
3.
All Other Segment
– Primarily includes activities such as: business strategy; product management and development; manufacturing and sourcing of wear and maintenance components primarily for Cat® products; parts distribution; integrated logistics solutions; distribution services responsible for dealer development and administration, including a wholly owned dealer in Japan; dealer portfolio management and ensuring the most efficient and effective distribution of machines, engines and parts; brand management and marketing strategy; and digital investments for new customer and dealer solutions that integrate data analytics with state-of-the-art digital technologies while transforming the buying experience.
4.
Consolidating Adjustments
– Elimination of transactions between Machinery, Energy & Transportation and Financial Products.
5.
Construction Industries
– A segment primarily responsible for supporting customers using machinery in infrastructure and building construction applications. Responsibilities include business strategy, product design, product management and development, manufacturing, marketing and sales and product support. The product portfolio includes asphalt pavers; backhoe loaders; cold planers; compactors; compact track loaders; forestry machines; material handlers; motor graders; pipelayers; road reclaimers; skid steer loaders; telehandlers; track-type loaders; track-type tractors (small, medium);