value adjustments related to deferred compensation plans and decreased expenses due to timing differences, partially offset by unfavorable impacts of segment reporting methodology differences, unfavorable restructuring income/costs and higher corporate costs.
51
Table of Contents
RESTRUCTURING COSTS
In 2025, we expect to incur about $150 million to $200 million of restructuring costs.  We expect that prior restructuring actions will result in an incremental benefit to operating costs, primarily Cost of goods sold and SG&A expenses, of about $30 million in 2025 compared with 2024.
Additional information related to restructuring costs is included in Note 20 – "Restructuring income/costs" of Part I, Item 1 "Financial Statements."
GLOSSARY OF TERMS
1.
Adjusted Operating Profit Margin
– Operating profit excluding restructuring income/costs as a percentage of sales and revenues.
2.
Adjusted Profit Per Share
– Profit per share excluding restructuring income/costs.
3.
All Other Segment
– Primarily includes activities such as: business strategy; product management and development; manufacturing and sourcing of wear and maintenance components primarily for Cat® products; parts distribution; integrated logistics solutions; distribution services responsible for dealer development and administration, including a wholly owned dealer in Japan; dealer portfolio management and ensuring the most efficient and effective distribution of machines, engines and parts; brand management and marketing strategy; and digital investments for new customer and dealer solutions that integrate data analytics with state-of-the-art digital technologies while transforming the buying experience.
4.
Consolidating Adjustments
– Elimination of transactions between Machinery, Energy & Transportation and Financial Products.
5.
Construction Industries
– A segment primarily responsible for supporting customers using machinery in infrastructure and building construction applications. Responsibilities include business strategy, product design, product management and development, manufacturing, marketing and sales and product support. The product portfolio includes asphalt pavers; backhoe loaders; cold planers; compactors; compact track loaders; forestry machines; material handlers; motor graders; pipelayers; road reclaimers; skid steer loaders; telehandlers; track-type loaders; track-type tractors (small, medium); track excavators (mini, small, medium, large); wheel excavators; wheel loaders (compact, small, medium); and related parts and work tools.
6.
Corporate Items and Eliminations
– Includes corporate-level expenses, timing differences (as some expenses are reported in segment profit on a cash basis), methodology differences between segment and consolidated external reporting, certain restructuring costs and inter-segment eliminations.
7.
Currency
– With respect to sales and revenues, currency represents the translation impact on sales resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange