separately quantify the profit impact of two significant items in order for the company’s results to be meaningful to readers. These items consist of (i) other restructuring income/costs and (ii) restructuring income related to the divestiture of a non-U.S. mining entity in 2024. We do not consider these items indicative of earnings from ongoing business activities and believe the non-GAAP measure provides investors with useful perspective on underlying business results and trends and aids with assessing the company’s period-over-period results.
Reconciliations of adjusted results to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are as follows:
57
Table of Contents
We believe it is important to separately disclose our annual effective tax rate, excluding discrete items for our results to be meaningful to our readers. The annual effective tax rate is discussed using non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the effects of amounts associated with discrete items recorded fully in the quarter they occur. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, these items consist of (i) the settlement of stock-based compensation awards with associated tax deductions in excess of cumulative U.S. GAAP compensation expense and (ii) restructuring income related to the divestiture of a non-U.S. mining entity in 2024. We believe the non-GAAP measures will provide investors with useful perspective on underlying business results and trends and aids with assessing the company's period-over-period results.
A reconciliation of our effective tax rate to annual effective tax rate, excluding discrete items is below:
In addition, we provide a calculation of ME&T free cash flow as we believe it is an important measure for investors to determine the cash generation available for financing activities including debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases.
Reconciliations of ME&T free cash flow to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, net cash provided by operating activities are as follows:
58
Table of Contents
Supplemental Consolidating Data
We are providing supplemental consolidating data for the purpose of additional analysis.  The data has been grouped as follows:
Consolidated –
Caterpillar Inc. and its subsidiaries.
Machinery, Energy & Transportation –
We define ME&T as it is presented in the supplemental data as Caterpillar Inc. and its subsidiaries, excluding Financial Products. ME&T’s information relates to the design, manufacturing and marketing of our products.
Financial Products –
We define Financial Products as it is presented in the supplemental data as our finance and insurance subsidiaries, primarily Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (Cat Financial) and Caterpillar Insurance Holdings Inc. (Insurance Services).  Financial Products’ information relates to the financing to customers and dealers for the purchase and lease of Caterpillar and other equipment.
Consolidating Adjustments –
Eliminations of transactions between ME&T and Financial