networking safety, password security and mobile device usage. We have mandatory training in the areas of cybersecurity, privacy, and confidential information handling.  We also conduct regular phishing training and simulations for our employees and contractors.  We provide extensive specialized role-based training to technical professionals in cybersecurity, secure application development, and other focus areas.  We also conduct periodic tabletop exercises to validate our preparation for cyber events.
We operate a third-party cybersecurity program with the goal of minimizing disruption to the Company’s business and production operations, strengthening supply chain resilience, and supporting the integrity of components and systems used in its products and services.  We rely heavily on our supply chain to deliver our products and services to our customers, and a cybersecurity incident at a supplier, subcontractor or joint venture partner could materially adversely impact us. We assess third-party cybersecurity controls through a cybersecurity third-party risk assessment process. Identified deficiencies are addressed through a risk remediation process.  For select suppliers, we engage third-party cybersecurity monitoring and alerting services, and seek to work directly with those suppliers to address potential deficiencies identified.
As of the date of this report, we do not believe that risks from any cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have materially affected or are reasonably likely to affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
That said, as discussed more fully under Item 1A. “Risk Factors—Operational Risks— Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services” of this Form 10-K, these threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Cybersecurity attacks could also include attacks targeting customer data or the security, integrity and/or reliability of the hardware and software installed in our products. It is possible that our information technology systems and networks, or those managed or provided by third parties, could have vulnerabilities, which could go unnoticed for a period of time. While various procedures and controls have been and are being utilized to mitigate such risks, there can be no guarantee that the actions and controls we have implemented and are implementing, or which we cause or have caused third-party service providers to implement, will be sufficient to protect and mitigate associated risks to our systems, information or other property.
Cybersecurity Governance
Caterpillar’s board
has oversight for risk management with a focus on the most significant risks facing the Company, including strategic, operational, financial and legal compliance risks.
The