volatility through ongoing alignment of the interest rate sensitivity of our investments to our obligations, while reducing risk from return seeking assets in our portfolio.  The current U.S. pension target asset allocation is
85
percent fixed income and
15
percent equities.  We will revise this target allocation periodically to ensure it reflects our overall objectives.  The non-U.S. pension weighted-average target allocations are
59
percent fixed income,
19
percent insurance contracts,
11
percent equities,
6
percent real estate, and
5
percent other.  The target allocations for each plan vary based upon local statutory requirements, demographics of plan participants and funded status.  We primarily invest the non-U.S. plan assets in non-U.S. securities.
Our target allocation for the other postretirement benefit plans is
40
percent equities and
60
percent fixed income.
We rebalance the U.S. plans to within the appropriate target asset allocation ranges on a monthly basis.  The frequency of rebalancing for the non-U.S. plans varies depending on the plan.  As a result of our diversification strategies, there are no significant concentrations of risk within the portfolio of investments.
We permit the use of certain derivative instruments where appropriate and necessary for achieving overall investment policy objectives.  The plans do not use derivative contracts for speculative purposes.
The accounting guidance on fair value measurements specifies a fair value hierarchy based upon the observability of inputs used in valuation techniques (Level 1, 2 and 3).  Certain assets that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.  See Note 18 for a discussion of the fair value hierarchy.
We determine fair values as follows:
•
Equity securities are primarily based on valuations for identical instruments in active markets.
96
Table of Contents
•
Fixed income securities are primarily based upon models that take into consideration such market-based factors as recent sales, risk-free yield curves and prices of similarly rated bonds.
•
Real estate is stated at the fund’s net asset value or at appraised value.
•
Insurance contracts are valued on an insurer pricing basis updated for changes in insurance market pricing, market rates, and inflation.
•
Cash, short-term instruments and other are based on the carrying amount, which approximates fair value, or the fund’s net asset value.
The fair value of the pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets by category is summarized below:
97
Table of Contents
98
Table of Contents
The activity attributable to U.S. pension assets measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was insignificant.  The activity in our non-U.S. pension Level 3 assets involved insurance contracts.  During 2024, activity was settlements of $
59
million and unrealized losses of $
15