be partially offset by favorable price realization.
Global Business Conditions
We continue to monitor a variety of external factors around the world, such as supply chain disruptions, inflationary cost and labor pressures. Areas of particular focus include transportation, certain components and raw materials. We continue to work to minimize supply chain challenges that may impact our ability to meet customer demand. We continue to assess the environment to determine if additional actions need to be taken.
Risk Factors
Risk factors are disclosed within Item 1A. Risk Factors of the 2024 Form 10-K.
Notes:
•
Glossary of terms included on pages 35 - 37; first occurrence of terms shown in bold italics.
•
Information on non-GAAP financial measures is included on pages 47 - 48.
•
Some amounts within this report are rounded to the millions or billions and may not add. In addition, the sum of the components reported across periods may not equal the total amount reported year-to-date due to rounding.
29
Table of Contents
2024 COMPARED WITH 2023
CONSOLIDATED SALES AND REVENUES
The chart above graphically illustrates reasons for the change in consolidated sales and revenues between 2023 (at left) and 2024 (at right). Caterpillar management utilizes these charts internally to visually communicate with the company’s board of directors and employees.
Total sales and revenues for 2024 were $64.809 billion, a decrease of $2.251 billion, or 3 percent, compared with $67.060 billion in 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by lower sales volume of $3.543 billion, partially offset by favorable price realization of $1.238 billion. The decrease in sales volume was mainly driven by lower sales of equipment to end users. In addition, changes in dealer inventories had an unfavorable impact to sales volume. Dealer inventory increased less during 2024 than during 2023.
In the three primary segments, sales were lower in Construction Industries and Resource Industries and higher in Energy & Transportation.
North America sales decreased 1 percent primarily due to lower sales volume, partially offset by favorable price realization. The decrease in sales volume was mainly due to the impact from changes in dealer inventories. Dealer inventory increased less during 2024 than during 2023.
Sales increased 1 percent in Latin America. Unfavorable currency impacts related to the Brazilian real were more than offset by higher sales volume and favorable price realization. The increase in sales volume was primarily due to the impact from changes in dealer inventories. Dealer inventory increased during 2024, compared to a decrease during 2023.
EAME sales decreased 10 percent primarily due lower sales volume. The decrease in sales volume was mainly driven by lower sales of equipment to end users.
Asia/Pacific sales decreased 6 percent primarily due to lower sales volume. The decrease in sales volume was mainly driven by the impact from changes in dealer inventories. Dealer inventory