as an exhibit to our periodic reports for further information related to the calculation thereof. For risks related to our indebtedness and compliance with these covenants, please refer to the risk factor "Restrictive covenants in our debt agreements could limit our financial and operating flexibility" set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K.
Our total credit commitments and available credit as of December 31, 2024 were:
The other consolidated credit lines with banks as of December 31, 2024 totaled $4.06 billion. These committed and uncommitted credit lines, which may be eligible for renewal at various future dates or have no specified expiration date, are used primarily by our subsidiaries for local funding requirements.  Caterpillar or Cat Financial may guarantee subsidiary borrowings under these lines.
We receive debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies. Fitch maintains a "high-A" debt rating, while Moody’s and S&P maintain a “mid-A” debt rating. A downgrade of our credit ratings by any of the major credit rating agencies could result in increased borrowing costs and could make access to certain credit markets more difficult. In the event economic conditions deteriorate such that access to debt markets becomes unavailable, ME&T’s operations would rely on cash flow from operations, use of existing cash balances, borrowings from Cat Financial and access to our committed credit facilities. Our Financial Products’ operations would rely on cash flow from its existing portfolio, existing cash balances, access to our committed credit facilities and other credit line facilities of Cat Financial, and potential borrowings from Caterpillar. In addition, we maintain a support agreement with Cat Financial, which requires Caterpillar to remain the sole owner of Cat Financial and may, under certain circumstances, require Caterpillar to make payments to Cat Financial should Cat Financial fail to maintain certain financial ratios.
38
Table of Contents
We facilitate voluntary supplier finance programs (the “Programs”) through participating financial institutions. We account for the payments made under the Programs, the same as our other accounts payable, as a reduction to our cash flows from operations. We do not believe that changes in the availability of the Programs will have a significant impact on our liquidity. Additional information related to the Programs is included in Note 19 — "Supplier finance programs" of Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data".
Material cash requirements for contractual obligations
We believe our balances of cash and cash equivalents of $6.89 billion and available-for-sale debt securities of $1.98 billion as of December 31, 2024, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements over the next 12 months and beyond.
We have committed cash outflows related to postretirement benefit obligations, long-term debt