into the nature and function of income statement expenses. The amendments require that, on an annual and interim basis, entities disclose disaggregated operating expense information about specific categories, including purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation and amortization. The expanded
65
Table of Contents
annual disclosures are effective for our year ending December 31, 2027, and the expanded interim disclosures are effective in 2028, with early adoption permitted. We are in the process of evaluating the effect of this new guidance on the related disclosures.
All other ASUs issued but not yet adopted were assessed and determined that they either were not applicable or were not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements.
2.
Sales and revenue recognition
A.   Sales of Machinery, Energy & Transportation
We recognize sales of ME&T when all the following criteria are satisfied: (i) a contract with an independently owned and operated dealer or an end user exists which has commercial substance; (ii) it is probable we will collect the amount charged to the dealer or end user; and (iii) we have completed our performance obligation whereby the dealer or end user has obtained control of the product.  A contract with commercial substance exists once we receive and accept a purchase order under a dealer sales agreement, or once we enter into a contract with an end user.  If collectibility is not probable, the sale is deferred and not recognized until collection is probable or payment is received.  Control of our products typically transfers when title and risk of ownership of the product has transferred to the dealer or end user. Typically, where product is produced and sold in the same country, title and risk of ownership transfer when we ship the product.  Products that are exported from a country for sale typically transfer title and risk of ownership at the border of the destination country.
Our remanufacturing operations are primarily focused on the remanufacture of Cat engines and components and rail related products.  In this business, we inspect, clean and remanufacture used engines and related components (core).  In connection with the sale of our remanufactured product to dealers, we collect a deposit that is repaid if the dealer returns an acceptable core within a specified time period.  Caterpillar owns and has title to the cores when they are returned from dealers.  The rebuilt engine or component (the core plus any new content) is then sold as a remanufactured product to dealers and end users.  We recognize revenue pursuant to the same transfer of control criteria as ME&T sales noted above.  At the time of sale, we recognize the deposit in Other current liabilities in Statement 3, and we recognize the core to be returned as an asset in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in Statement 3 at the estimated replacement cost (based on historical experience with usable cores).  Upon receipt of an