acceptable terms or at all could be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital markets or other events, including actions by rating agencies and deteriorating investor expectations.
•
As Cat Financial’s borrowing agreements are primarily with financial institutions, their ability to perform in accordance with any of our underlying agreements could be adversely affected by market volatility and/or disruptions in financial markets.
15
Table of Contents
Changes in interest rates or market liquidity conditions could adversely affect Cat Financial's and our earnings and/or cash flow.
Changes in interest rates and market liquidity conditions could have an adverse impact on Cat Financial's and our earnings and cash flows. Changes in market interest rates may influence its and our borrowing costs, returns on financial investments and the valuation of derivative contracts.
Because a significant number of the loans made by Cat Financial are made utilizing fixed interest rates, its business results are subject to fluctuations in interest rates. Certain loans made by Cat Financial and various financing extended to Cat Financial are made at variable rates that use floating reference rates or indices, including the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate.
Cat Financial manages interest rate and market liquidity risks through a variety of techniques that include a match funding strategy, the selective use of derivatives and a broadly diversified funding program. There can be no assurance, however, that fluctuations in interest rates and market liquidity conditions will not have an adverse impact on its and our earnings and cash flows. If any of the variety of instruments and strategies Cat Financial uses to hedge its exposure to these types of risk is ineffective, this may have an adverse impact on our earnings and cash flows.
With respect to Insurance Services' investment activities, changes in equity and bond markets could result in a decline in value of its investment portfolio, resulting in an unfavorable impact to earnings.
An increase in delinquencies, repossessions or net losses of Cat Financial customers could adversely affect its results.
Inherent in the operation of Cat Financial is the credit risk associated with its customers. The creditworthiness of each customer and the rate of delinquencies, repossessions and net losses on customer obligations are directly impacted by several factors, including relevant industry and economic conditions, the availability of capital, the experience and expertise of the customer's management team, commodity prices, political events and the sustained value of the underlying collateral. Any increase in delinquencies, repossessions and net losses on customer obligations could have a material adverse effect on Cat Financial's and our earnings and cash flows. Cat Financial evaluates and adjusts its allowance for credit losses related to past due and non-performing