grow the company and return capital to shareholders through dividend growth and share repurchases. Additional information on cash deployment is as follows:
Strong financial position
–
Our top priority is to maintain a strong financial position in support of a mid-A rating. We track a diverse group of financial metrics that focus on liquidity, leverage, cash flow and margins which align with our cash deployment actions and the various methodologies used by the major credit rating agencies.
Operational excellence and commitments
–
Capital expenditures were $704 million during the first three months of 2025, compared to $502 million for the same period in 2024. We expect ME&T’s capital expenditures in 2025 to be about $2.5 billion. We made $211 million of contributions to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans during the first three months of 2025. We currently anticipate full-year 2025 contributions of approximately $354 million. In comparison, we made $113 million of contributions to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans during the first three months of 2024.
Fund strategic growth initiatives and return capital to shareholders
–
We intend to utilize our liquidity and debt capacity to fund targeted investments that drive long-term profitable growth focused in the areas of expanded offerings, services and sustainability, including acquisitions.
As part of our capital allocation strategy, ME&T free cash flow is a liquidity measure we use to determine the cash generated and available for financing activities including debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases. We define ME&T free cash flow as cash from ME&T operations less capital expenditures, excluding discretionary pension and other postretirement benefit plan contributions. A goal of our capital allocation strategy is to return substantially all ME&T free cash flow to shareholders over time in the form of dividends and share repurchases, while maintaining our mid-A rating.
Each quarter, our Board of Directors reviews the company’s dividend for the applicable quarter. The Board evaluates the financial condition of the company and considers corporate cash flow, the company’s liquidity needs, the economic outlook, and the health and stability of global credit markets to determine whether to maintain or change the quarterly dividend. In April 2025, the Board of Directors approved maintaining our quarterly dividend representing $1.41 per share, and we continue to expect our strong financial position to support the dividend. Dividends paid totaled $674 million in the first three months of 2025.
56
Table of Contents
Our share repurchase plans are subject to the company’s cash deployment priorities and are evaluated on an ongoing basis considering the financial condition of the company, corporate cash flow, the company’s liquidity needs, the economic outlook, and the health and stability of global credit markets. The timing and amount of future repurchases may vary