therefore classify a measurement within Level 3 even though there may be significant inputs that are readily observable.
Fair value measurement includes the consideration of nonperformance risk.  Nonperformance risk refers to the risk that an obligation (either by a counterparty or Caterpillar) will not be fulfilled.  For financial assets traded in an active market (Level 1 and certain Level 2), the nonperformance risk is included in the market price.  For certain other financial assets and liabilities (certain Level 2 and Level 3), our fair value calculations have been adjusted accordingly.
Investments in debt and equity securities
We have investments in certain debt and equity securities that are recorded at fair value.  Fair values for our U.S. treasury bonds and large capitalization value and smaller company growth equity securities are based upon valuations for identical instruments in active markets.  Fair values for other government debt securities, corporate debt securities and mortgage-backed debt securities are based upon models that take into consideration such market-based factors as
37
Table of Contents
recent sales, risk-free yield curves and prices of similarly rated bonds.
In addition, Insurance Services has an equity investment in a real estate investment trust (REIT) which is recorded at fair value based on the net asset value (NAV) of the investment and is not classified within the fair value hierarchy.
See Note 8 for additional information on our investments in debt and equity securities.
Derivative financial instruments
The fair value of interest rate contracts is primarily based on a standard industry accepted valuation model that utilizes the appropriate market-based forward swap curves and zero-coupon interest rates to determine discounted cash flows.  The fair value of foreign currency and commodity forward, option and cross currency contracts is based on standard industry accepted valuation models that discount cash flows resulting from the differential between the contract price and the market-based forward rate.  The fair value of total return swap contracts is primarily based on valuing the underlying securities or funds using pricing by industry providers and the average Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus a spread.
See Note 5 for additional information.
Assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis at fair value included in our Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 were as follows:
38
Table of Contents
39
Table of Contents
In addition to the amounts above, certain Cat Financial loans are subject to measurement at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and are classified as Level 3 measurements.  A loan is measured at fair value when management determines that collection of contractual amounts due is not probable and the loan is individually evaluated. Generally, the fair value of these receivables is measured using the fair value of collateral less