additional information on the consolidation of VIEs.
(2)
Redemption prices are equal to accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date plus the greater of (i) 100 percent of the principal amount thereof, or (ii) sum of present value of scheduled payments of principal and interest on the capital securities from the redemption date to April 1, 2030.
F-79
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
a) Repurchase agreements
Chubb has executed repurchase agreements with certain counterparties under which Chubb agreed to sell securities and repurchase them at a future date for a predetermined price.
On July 1, 2023, Chubb assumed approximately $
1.3
billion of repurchase agreements from Huatai Group upon obtaining a controlling interest and applying consolidation accounting. Certain subsidiaries of Huatai Group are the investment manager of, and maintain investments in, consolidated investment products that are considered VIEs. Under the consolidation of VIEs, the underlying assets and liabilities of these sponsored investment products are recorded at 100 percent within the Consolidated balance sheets, with the relevant amounts attributable to investors other than Chubb reflected as Noncontrolling interests. At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately $
815
million and $
1.0
billion of repurchase agreements were from VIEs, respectively. Refer to Note 1 g) to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
b) Short-term debt
Short-term debt comprises the current maturities of our long-term debt instruments described below. These short-term debt instruments were reclassified from long-term debt and are reflected in the table above.
c) Long-term debt
W
ith the exception of the $
100
million of
8.875
percent debentures due August 2029, which do not have an early redemption option, the senior notes in the table above are redeemable at any time at Chubb INA's option subject to a “make-whole” premium plus additional basis points as defined in the table above. A "make-whole" premium is the present value of the remaining principal and interest discounted at the applicable U.S. Treasury rate. These debt securities are also redeemable at par plus accrued and unpaid interest in the event of certain changes in tax law.
The senior notes and debentures do not have the benefit of any sinking fund, are guaranteed on a senior basis by Chubb Limited, and rank equally with all of Chubb's other senior obligations. They also contain customary limitations on lien provisions as well as customary events of default provisions which, if breached, could result in the accelerated maturity of such senior debt.
d) Hybrid debt
Trust preferred securities
In March 2000, ACE Capital Trust II, a Delaware statutory business trust, publicly issued $
300
million of
9.7
percent Capital Securities (the Capital Securities) due to mature in April 2030. At the same time, Chubb INA purchased $
9.2