unrealized gains of $901 million in our investment portfolio for the three months ended March 31, 2025, were primarily driven by lower interest rates.
Pre-tax net realized losses of $116 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, includes net realized losses on fixed maturities, and foreign exchange, partially offset by mark-to-market gains on equity securities.
Our effective tax rate (ETR) reflects a mix of income or losses in jurisdictions with a wide range of tax rates, permanent differences between U.S. GAAP and local tax laws, and the impact of discrete items. A change in the geographic mix of earnings could impact our ETR.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, our ETR was 19.3 percent compared to an ETR of 13.0 percent in the prior year. The ETR for each period was impacted by our mix of earnings among various jurisdictions and by discrete tax items.
The ETR for the three months ended March 31, 2024,
included an incremental deferred tax benefit of $55 million related to the Bermuda tax law enacted in December 2023.
61
Table of Contents
In presenting our results, we included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations and financial condition. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP.
We provide financial measures, including net premiums written, net premiums earned, segment income, and underwriting income on a constant-dollar basis. We believe it is useful to evaluate the trends in our results exclusive of the effect of fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the currencies in which our international business is transacted, as these exchange rates could fluctuate significantly between periods and distort the analysis of trends. The impact is determined by assuming constant foreign exchange rates between periods by translating prior period results using the same local currency exchange rates as the comparable current period.
P&C performance metrics comprise consolidated operating results (including Corporate) and exclude the operating results of the Life Insurance segment. We believe that these measures are useful and meaningful to investors as they are used by management to assess the company’s P&C operations which are the most economically similar. We exclude the Life Insurance segment because the results of this business do not always correlate with the results of our P&C operations.
P&C combined ratio is the sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, policy acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding the life business and including the realized gains and losses on the crop derivatives. These derivatives were purchased to provide economic benefit, in a manner similar to reinsurance protection, in the event that a significant decline in commodity pricing impacts underwriting results.