collectively available from the Chubb Group of Companies, the mix of business tends to be less diverse at the subsidiary level. As a result, the probability of a liquidity strain, as described above, may be greater for individual subsidiaries than when liquidity is assessed on a consolidated basis. If such a liquidity strain were to occur in a subsidiary, we could be required to liquidate a portion of our investments, potentially at distressed prices, as well as be required to contribute capital to the particular subsidiary and/or curtail dividends from the subsidiary to support holding company operations.
The payment of dividends or other statutorily permissible distributions from our operating companies are subject to the laws and regulations applicable to each jurisdiction, as well as the need to maintain capital levels adequate to support the insurance and reinsurance operations, including financial strength ratings issued by independent rating agencies. During 2024, we were able to meet all our obligations, including the payments of dividends on our Common Shares, with our net cash flows.
We assess which subsidiaries to draw dividends from based on a number of factors. Considerations such as regulatory and legal restrictions as well as the subsidiary's financial condition are paramount to the dividend decision. Chubb Limited received dividends of $1.7 billion and $3.3 billion from its Bermuda subsidiaries in 2024 and 2023, respectively. Chubb Limited received cash dividends of $3 million and $28 million and non-cash dividends of $142 million and $291 million from Swiss subsidiaries in 2024 and 2023, respectively. Chubb Limited also received dividends of $91 million from its other international subsidiary in 2024.
The U.S. insurance subsidiaries of Chubb INA may pay dividends, without prior regulatory approval, subject to restrictions set out in state law of the subsidiary's domicile (or, if applicable, commercial domicile). Chubb INA's international subsidiaries are also subject to insurance laws and regulations particular to the countries in which the subsidiaries operate. These laws and regulations sometimes include restrictions that limit the amount of dividends payable without prior approval of regulatory insurance authorities. Chubb Limited received no dividends from Chubb INA in 2024 and 2023. Debt issued by Chubb INA is serviced by statutorily permissible distributions by Chubb INA's insurance subsidiaries to Chubb INA as well as other group resources. Chubb INA received cash dividends of $3.5 billion and $2.4 billion and non-cash dividends of $997 million and $170 million from its subsidiaries in 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition, Chubb INA recognized dividends of $27 million in 2024 from an international subsidiary. At December 31, 2024, the amount of dividends available to be paid to Chubb INA in 2025 from its subsidiaries without prior approval of insurance regulatory authorities totals $3.8 billion.
Cash Flows
Our