respectively.
Chubb holds certain cross-currency swaps designated as fair value hedges and net investment hedges for foreign currency exposure associated with portions of our euro denominated debt and the net investment in certain foreign subsidiaries, respectively. These cross-currency swaps are agreements under which two counterparties exchange principal and interest payments in different currencies at a future date.
The objective of the fair value cross-currency swaps is to hedge euro 1.5 billion of the foreign currency risk on our euro denominated debt by converting cash flows back into the U.S dollar. The objective of the net investment cross-currency swaps is to hedge the foreign currency exposure in the net investments of certain foreign subsidiaries by converting cash flows from U.S. dollar to the British pound sterling (GBP 957 million), Japanese yen (JPY 43.0 billion), Swiss franc (CHF 96 million), and Chinese yuan renminbi (CNY 9.3 billion). The hedged risk is designated as the foreign currency exposure arising between the functional currency of the foreign subsidiary and the functional currency of its parent entity. For additional information refer to Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
90
Table of Contents
Reinsurance of market risk benefits
Market risk benefits (MRB) are measured at fair value using a valuation model based on current net exposures, market data, our experience, and other factors. Changes in fair value are recorded to Market risk benefits gains (losses) in the Consolidated statements of operations, except for the change in fair value due to a change in the instrument-specific credit risk which is recognized in Other comprehensive income. For additional information refer to Note 1 m) and Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8.
Chubb views its MRB reinsurance business as having a similar risk profile to that of catastrophe reinsurance, with the probability of long-term economic loss relatively small at the time of pricing. Adverse changes in market factors and policyholder behavior will have an impact on both MRB gains (losses) and net income. When evaluating these risks, we expect to be compensated for taking both the risk of a cumulative long-term economic net loss, as well as the short-term accounting variations caused by these market movements. Therefore, we evaluate this business in terms of its long-term economic risk and reward.
The tables below are estimates of the sensitivities to instantaneous changes in economic inputs (e.g., equity shock, interest rate shock, etc.) at December 31, 2024, for both the fair value of the MRB liability (FVL) and the fair value of specific derivative instruments held (hedge value) to partially offset the risk in the MRB reinsurance portfolio. The following assumptions should be considered when using the below tables:
•
Equity shocks impact all global equity markets equally
•
Our liabilities are sensitive to global equity markets in the