savings products including whole life, universal life, unit linked contracts, endowment plans, individual and group term life, dental, critical illness, dementia, hospital cash, personal accident, credit life and group employee benefits. The policies written by Chubb Life generally provide funds to beneficiaries of insureds upon death or insured event occurring and/or savings benefits while the contract owner is living in the case of savings products. Chubb Life earns income from both insurance contracts subject to mortality and morbidity risks and investment contracts not subject to insurance risks. Net investment income is a significant component of Segment income and is earned through strategic asset allocation based on asset liability matching and risk adjusted returns.
Funds received from policyholders for investment contracts are not recorded as premium revenue, but rather as policyholder deposits with an offsetting policyholder account balance liability on the balance sheet. We earn income on investment contracts from both net investment spreads on policyholder account balances and fees for management and administrative services. These investment contracts are an important component of production.
Chubb Life operates a multichannel distribution network enabling wider consumer reach. Our controlled distribution channels are a majority of net written premiums and include tied agency and telemarketing where we focus on recruiting, training and management of quality active distributors. Our captive agency distribution and telemarketing channels sell Chubb Life products exclusively and enable us to maintain direct contact with the retail consumer, promote quality sales practices, and generate better persistency. Independent brokers complement our agency channel, reaching a wider pool of mass affluent customers, especially in South Korea, Hong Kong and Taiwan. In China, Huatai Life has a network of over 300 branches across 20 provinces.
Chubb Life growth is focused on maximizing opportunities in Asia, where we have market leading positions in direct marketing notably in South Korea, Taiwan and Indonesia. We intend to take advantage of rapid growth in our face-to-face channels through tied and independent agents and selected bancassurance partnerships. These distribution channels generate operating profits that exceed our target returns on invested capital and are sustainable due to a large in-force book. We are rapidly transforming our business digitally, leveraging our global data and artificial Intelligence assets to capitalize on digital partnership capabilities and our unique positioning as the leading composite insurer in Asia.
Huatai Asset Management is licensed to manage institutional, pension, and retail mutual fund investments. Huatai asset management companies earn management and performance fees from the management of third-party assets and also earn fees related to the origination, distribution and management of private loans on