automobile, and specialty products that cover smart phones, eyeglasses, and personal cyber risk.
CGM offers products through its parallel distribution network via two legal entities, Chubb European Group SE (CEG) and Chubb Underwriting Agencies Limited, managing agent of Syndicate 2488. CGM uses the Syndicate to underwrite P&C business on a global basis through Lloyd's worldwide licenses. They also use CEG to underwrite similar classes, including in the U.S. where they are eligible to write excess and surplus lines business. Factors influencing the decision to place business with the Syndicate or CEG include licensing eligibilities and client/broker preference. CGM also has a presence outside London, in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Asia and Latin America, for certain specialty lines of business (political risk and trade credit as well as aviation) which are underwritten by local Chubb entities. All business underwritten by CGM is accessed through registered brokers, except for a limited number of direct relationships, where risks are written without an intermediary. The main lines of business include aviation, property, energy, marine, financial lines, cyber, political risk, and credit.
Competitive Environment
Chubb International's primary competitors include U.S.-based companies with glo
bal operations, as well as non-U.S. global carriers and indigenous companies in regional and local markets. Huatai P&C's primary competitors are China-based insurers, including state-owned or government related entities. For the A&H and personal lines businesses, locally based competitors also include financial institutions and bank owned insurance subsidiaries. Our international operations have the distinct advantage of being part of one of the few international insurance groups with a global network of licensed companies able to write policies on a locally admitted basis. Our international operations also have the advantage of selling products through a variety of distribution channels including partnerships with major international, regional, and local brokers and agents. Additionally, as noted above, certain branded products are also offered via digital-commerce platforms. The principal competitive factors that affect the international operations are underwriting expertise and pricing, relative operating efficiency, product differentiation, producer relations, and the quality of policyholder services. A competitive strength of our international operations is our global network and breadth of insurance programs, which assist individuals and business organizations to meet their risk management objectives, while also having a significant presence in all of the countries in which we operate, giving us the advantage of accessing local technical expertise and regulatory environments, understanding local markets and culture, accomplishing a spread of risk, and offering a global network to service multinational accounts.
CGM is one of the preeminent international