enhance cash management efficiency during periods of short-term timing mismatches between expected inflows and outflows of cash by currency. The programs allow us to optimize investment income by avoiding portfolio disruption. Should the need arise, we generally have access to capital markets and to credit facilities. Our group syndicated credit facility has capacity of $3.0 billion and expires in October 2027. Our total letter of credit capacity is $4.1 billion, $3.0 billion of which can be used for revolving credit. At March 31, 2025, our usage under these facilities was $937 million in letters of credit. Our access to credit under these facilities is dependent on the ability of the bank counterparties to meet their funding commitments. The facilities require that we maintain certain financial covenants, all of which we met at March 31, 2025. Should the existing credit providers on these facilities experience financial difficulty, we may be required to replace credit sources, possibly in a difficult market. If we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. To date, we have not experienced difficulty accessing our credit facility or establishing additional facilities when needed.
The payment of dividends or other statutorily permissible distributions from our operating companies are subject to the laws and regulations applicable to each jurisdiction, as well as the need to maintain capital levels adequate to support the insurance and reinsurance operations, including financial strength ratings issued by independent rating agencies. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we were able to meet all our obligations, including the payments of dividends on our Common Shares, with our net cash flows.
We assess which subsidiaries to draw dividends from based on a number of factors. Considerations such as regulatory and legal restrictions as well as the subsidiary’s financial condition are paramount to the dividend decision. Chubb Limited received dividends of $310 million and nil from its Bermuda subsidiaries during the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively. Chubb Limited received dividends of $207 million and $91 million from its other international subsidiaries during the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively. During April 2025, Chubb Limited received $625 million from Chubb INA for the redemption of a portion of its ownership interest in Chubb INA, in accordance with the plan of liquidation and conversion of Chubb INA to a limited liability company. Chubb INA is expected to fully redeem, by the end of 2027, Chubb Limited's 20 percent ownership interest in Chubb INA.
The U.S. insurance subsidiaries of Chubb INA may pay dividends, without prior regulatory approval, subject to restrictions set out in state law of the subsidiary’s domicile (or, if applicable,