reportable segments, loss and loss expenses of asbestos and environmental (A&E) liabilities, certain other non-A&E run-off exposures including molestation, and Huatai Group's non-insurance operations results, comprising real estate and holding company activity.
NM - not meaningful
Integration expenses principally comprised legal and professional fees and all other costs primarily related to acquisitions. These expenses are one-time in nature and are not related to the on-going business activities of the segments. The Chief Executive Officer does not manage segment results or allocate resources to segments when considering these costs and they are therefore excluded from our definition of segment income.
Refer to the respective sections that follow for a discussion of Net realized gains (losses), Net investment income (loss), Amortization of purchased intangibles, and Income tax expense (benefit). Refer to Notes 10 and 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on Market risk benefits gains (losses) and Other (income) expense, respectively.
We take a long-term view with our investment strategy, and our investment managers manage our investment portfolio to maximize total return within specific guidelines designed to minimize risk. The majority of our investment portfolio is available-for-sale and reported at fair value.
The effect of market movements on our fixed maturities available-for-sale portfolio impacts Net income (through Net realized gains (losses)) when securities are sold, when we write down an asset, or when we record a change to the valuation allowance for expected credit losses. For a further discussion related to how we assess the valuation allowance for expected credit losses and the related impact on Net income, refer to Note 1 f) to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2024 Form 10-K. The
60
Table of Contents
effect of market movements on fixed maturities related to consolidated investment products and investments supporting certain participating products in the Huatai portfolio impact Net realized gains (losses). Additionally, Net income is impacted through the reporting of changes in the fair value of public and private equity securities and derivatives, including financial futures, options, and swaps. Changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on available-for-sale securities, resulting from the revaluation of securities held, changes in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment, changes in current discount rate on future policy benefits, changes in instrument-specific credit risk on market risk benefits, unrealized postretirement benefit obligations liability adjustment, and cross-currency swaps designated as hedges for accounting purposes are reported as separate components of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in Shareholders’ equity in the Consolidated balance sheets.
The following table presents our net realized and unrealized gains (losses):
Pre-tax net