all meetings of shareholders. However, the voting rights exercisable by a shareholder may be limited so that certain persons or groups are not deemed to hold 10 percent or more of the voting power conferred by our Common Shares. Moreover, these provisions could have the effect of reducing the voting power of some shareholders who would not otherwise be subject to the limitation by virtue of their direct share ownership. The Board of Directors may refuse to register holders of shares as shareholders with voting rights based on certain grounds, including if the holder would, directly or indirectly, formally, constructively or beneficially own (as described in Articles 8 and 14 of our Articles of Association) or otherwise control voting rights with respect to 10 percent or more of the registered share capital recorded in the commercial register. In addition, the Board of Directors shall reject entry of holders of registered shares as shareholders with voting rights in the share register or shall decide on their deregistration when the acquirer or shareholder upon request does not expressly state that she/he has acquired or holds the shares in her/his own name and for her/his account.
Applicable laws may make it difficult to effect a change of control of our company.
Before a person can acquire control of an insurance company, prior written approval must be obtained from the insurance commissioner of the U.S. state or the regulator of the applicable country where the insurer is domiciled. The regulator may consider such factors as the financial strength of the applicant, the integrity and management of the applicant's Board of Directors and executive officers, the acquirer's plans for the future operations of the domestic insurer, and any anti-competitive results that may arise from the consummation of the acquisition of control. Generally, U.S. state statutes provide that control over a domestic insurer is presumed to exist if any person, directly or indirectly, owns, controls, holds with the power to vote, or holds proxies representing 10 percent or more of the voting securities of the U.S. insurer. Because a person acquiring 10 percent or more of our Common Shares would indirectly control the same percentage of the stock of our insurance subsidiaries, the insurance change of control laws of various jurisdictions would likely apply to such a transaction. Although our Articles of Association may limit the voting power of any shareholder to less than 10 percent, applicable regulators may not agree that a shareholder that owned 10 percent or more of our Common Shares did not, because of the limitation on the voting power of such shares, control the applicable insurance subsidiary. Laws of other jurisdictions in which one or more of our existing companies are, or a future affiliate may be, organized or domiciled may contain similar restrictions on the acquisition of control of Chubb.
These laws may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may