experience, are recognized over the contract term. Changes in future mortality and lapse assumptions are also recognized prospectively over the remaining expected contract term.
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred except for direct-response campaigns that qualify for cost deferral. Qualified expenses include individual direct-response marketing campaigns where we can demonstrate the campaigns have specifically resulted in incremental sales to customers and such sales have probable future economic benefits. Any costs directly related to the marketing campaigns are deferred, included with other policy acquisition costs, and expensed as a component of Policy acquisition costs using the same amortization basis.
d)
Value of business acquired (VOBA)
As part of business combination accounting, a VOBA intangible asset is established upon the acquisition of blocks of long-duration contracts. This intangible represents the present value of estimated net cash flows for the in-force contracts as of the acquisition date. VOBA is amortized as a component of Policy acquisition costs in the Consolidated statements of operations in relation to the profit emergence of the underlying acquired contracts. The valuation of VOBA is based on many factors including
F-11
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
mortality, morbidity, persistency, investment yields, expenses, and discount rate. The VOBA intangible is tested for recoverability at least annually using a premium deficiency test. Unrecoverable VOBA is expensed in the period identified.
e)
Reinsurance
Chubb assumes and cedes reinsurance with other insurance companies to provide greater diversification of business and minimize the net loss potential arising from large risks. Ceded reinsurance contracts do not relieve Chubb of its primary obligation to policyholders.
For both ceded and assumed reinsurance, risk transfer requirements must be met in order to account for a contract as reinsurance, principally resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract as premiums and losses. To meet risk transfer requirements, a reinsurance contract must include insurance risk, consisting of both underwriting and timing risk, and a reasonable possibility of a significant loss for the assuming entity. To assess risk transfer for certain contracts, Chubb generally develops expected discounted cash flow analyses at contract inception. Deposit accounting is used for contracts that do not meet risk transfer requirements.
Reinsurance recoverable includes balances due from reinsurance companies for paid and unpaid losses and loss expenses and future policy benefits that will be recovered from reinsurers, based on contracts in force. The method for determining the reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses incurred but not reported (IBNR) involves actuarial estimates consistent with those used to establish the associated liability for