impacts to our baseline PMLs from climate change through December 31, 2025. These tests reflect current exposures only and exclude potentially mitigating factors such as changes to building codes, public or private risk mitigation, regulation, and public policy.
Refer to Item 7 in our 2024 Form 10-K for more information on man-made and other catastrophes.
70
Table of Contents
Chubb’s core property catastrophe reinsurance program provides protection against natural catastrophes impacting its primary property operations (i.e., excluding our Global Reinsurance and Life Insurance segments).
We regularly review our reinsurance protection and corresponding property catastrophe exposures. This may or may not lead to the purchase of additional reinsurance prior to a program’s renewal date. In addition, prior to each renewal date, we consider how much, if any, coverage we intend to buy and we may make material changes to the current structure in light of various factors, including modeled PML assessment at various return periods, reinsurance pricing, our risk tolerance and exposures, and various other structuring considerations.
Chubb renewed its Global Property Catastrophe Reinsurance Program for our North American and International operations effective April 1, 2025, through March 31, 2026. The program consists of three layers in excess of losses retained by Chubb on a per occurrence basis. Chubb renewed its terrorism coverage (excluding nuclear, biological, chemical and radiation coverage, with an inclusion of coverage for biological and chemical coverage for personal lines) for the United States from April 1, 2025, through March 31, 2026, with the same limits, retention, and percentage placed except that the terrorism coverage is on an aggregate basis above our retentions without a reinstatement.
(a)
Ultimate retention will depend upon the nature of the loss and the interplay between the underlying per risk programs and certain other catastrophe programs purchased by individual business units. These other catastrophe programs have the potential to reduce our effective retention below the stated levels.
(b)
These coverages are both part of the same First layer within the Global Property Catastrophe Reinsurance Program and are fully placed with Reinsurers.
(c)
These coverages are both part of the same Second layer within the Global Property C
atastrophe Reinsurance Program and are fully placed with Reinsurers.
71
Table of Contents
Capital resources consist of funds deployed or available to be deployed to support our business operations.
(1)
Capital Supplementary Bonds issued by Huatai Life.
(2)
For purposes of calculating leverage ratios, Huatai debt is based on Chubb's share (excluding noncontrolling interest).
Repurchase agreements are excluded from the table above and are disclosed separately from short-term debt in the Consolidated balance sheets. The repurchase agreements are collateralized borrowings where we maintain the right and ability to