instruments and qualify for hedge accounting. These derivatives designated as hedging instruments must be highly effective in mitigating the designated changes in fair value or cash flows of the hedged item. We assess at the hedge's inception, and continue to qualitatively assess on a quarterly basis, whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions have been and are expected to be highly effective in offsetting changes in the hedged items. Derivatives designated as hedging instruments include cross-currency swaps designated as fair value hedges for foreign currency exposure associated with portions of our euro denominated debt and net investment hedges for foreign currency exposure in the net investments of certain foreign subsidiaries. Refer to Note 14 for additional information.
Changes in fair value of net investment hedges are recorded in Cumulative translation adjustments (CTA) within OCI. Changes in fair value of fair value hedges that principally offset the foreign currency remeasurement on the hedged debt is recorded within Net realized gains (losses) on the Consolidated st
atement of operations with the remaining change in fair value recorded in Other, within OCI.
i)
Cash
We have agreements with a third-party bank provider which implemented two international multi-currency notional cash pooling programs. In each program, participating Chubb entities establish deposit accounts in different currencies with the bank provider and each day the credit or debit balances in every account are notionally translated into a single currency (U.S. dollars) and then notionally pooled. The bank extends overdraft credit to any participating Chubb entity as needed, provided that the overall notionally-pooled balance of all accounts in each pool at the end of each day is at least zero. Any overdraft balances incurred under this program by a Chubb entity would be guaranteed by Chubb Limited (up to $
300
million in the aggregate).
F-16
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
Our syndicated letter of credit facility allows for same day drawings to fund a net pool overdraft should participating Chubb entities overdraw contributed funds from the pool.
Restricted cash
Included in Cash is restricted cash of $
261
million and $
172
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Restricted cash represents amounts held for the benefit of third parties and is legally or contractually restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Amounts include deposits with U.S. and non-U.S. regulatory authorities, trust funds set up for the benefit of ceding companies, and amounts pledged as collateral to meet financing arrangements.
j)
Goodwill and Other intangible assets
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of acquisitions over the fair value of net assets acquired and is not amortized. Goodwill is assigned at acquisition to the applicable reporting unit of the acquired entities giving rise to the