exposure location in the U.S., our maximum modeled losses from a 10-ton truck-bomb explosion are estimated to be $2.4 billion pre-tax based on the exposures, net of reinsurance and TRIPRA, as of December 31, 2024.
Cyber Insurance
While frequency and severity trends are being managed through long-standing underwriting strategies, the potential catastrophe risk that aggregation of cyber exposures presents to insurers is unique and unprecedented. In contrast with natural catastrophe risks, catastrophic cyber event scenarios are not bound by time or geography. Further, catastrophic cyber perils do not have well-established definitions or fundamental physical properties. For these reasons, catastrophic cyber events have the inherent potential for significant economic loss. Although cyber risk does not represent a material component of our net premiums written and we engage in significant risk mitigation through our underwriting and use of reinsurance, we are exposed to material losses in the event of a systemic cyber-attack.
Financial Risk
The consequences of adverse global or regional market and economic conditions may affect our investment portfolio. Our investment portfolio is subject to credit or default risk and may also be less liquid in times of economic weakness or market disruptions. Our investments are subject to market risks and risks inherent in individual securities. Our investment performance is highly sensitive to many factors, including interest rates, inflation, monetary and fiscal policies, and domestic and international political conditions. The volatility of our losses may force us to liquidate securities, which may cause us to incur capital losses. Realized and unrealized losses in our investment portfolio would reduce our book value, and if significant, can affect our ability to conduct business.
Moreover, we have substantial exposure to insurance products which are sensitive to certain system-wide financial conditions, such as our financial lines, surety, political risk, involuntary loss of employment (outside U.S.), and trade credit products. These products tend to be characterized by infrequent but potentially high severity losses. The majority of our exposure in these products may be impacted by an adverse economic climate such as an economic recession or depression. If the financial condition of these insureds were adversely affected by the economy or otherwise, we may experience an increase in filed claims and may incur high severity losses, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We monitor credit exposures to single counterparties and to sectors of interest from sources across our operations (e.g. investments, insurance products, reinsurance recoverable, bank deposits, letters of credit) and establish guidelines for credit risk exposure at the counterparty level. Our net income may be volatile because certain variable annuity reinsurance products sold expose us to fair value liability changes that