(U.S. and Bermuda) and an adjustment to exclude $
89
million in unfavorable development in the workers' compensation line, associated with an increase in exposure for which additional premiums were collected; the remaining difference relates to a number of other items, none of which are individually material.
(3)
Includes premium returns associated with our Alternative Risk Solutions business, which is excluded from the triangles.
(4)
Includes favorable development of $
16
million related to long duration International A&H business.
F-60
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
Prior Period Development
Prior period development (PPD) arises from changes to loss estimates recognized in the current year that relate to loss events that occurred in previous calendar years and excludes the effect of losses from the development of earned premium from previous accident years. Long-tail lines include lines such as workers' compensation, general liability, and financial lines; while short-tail lines include lines such as most property lines, energy, personal accident, and agriculture. The following table summarizes (favorable) and adverse PPD by segment:
(1)
Calculated based on the beginning of period consolidated net unpaid losses and loss expenses.
Significant prior period movements by segment, principally driven by reserve reviews completed during each respective period, are discussed in more detail below. The remaining net development for long-tail lines and short-tail business for each segment and Corporate comprises numerous favorable and adverse movements across a number of lines and accident years, none of which is significant individually or in the aggregate.
North America Commercial P&C Insurance
.
Net favorable development in 2024 included $
446
million from short-tail lines, primarily property, marine and surety, driven by lower-than-expected loss development in the most recent accident years. Long-tail lines experienced adverse development, which was the net of adverse development in casualty lines, predominantly commercial excess and umbrella and commercial auto liability, due to higher-than-expected development, mainly offset by favorable development in workers' compensation due to lower-than-expected loss experience and our annual assessment of multi-claimant events, including industrial accidents.
Net favorable development in
2023 included $
408
million from short-tail lines, primarily commercial property and marine lines, and surety lines, all mainly driven by lower-than-expected loss emergence. Net favorable development in 2023 also included $
86
million from long-tail lines, primarily from workers' compensation lines due to lower-than-expected loss emergence, partially offset by adverse development in commercial excess and umbrella lines, and commercial auto liability, both driven by higher-than-expected loss emergence.
F-61
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL