written increased $98 million, or 2.1 percent, for the three months ended March 31, 2025, which includes P&C growth of 2.6 percent, partially offset by financial lines decline of 1.3 percent. P&C growth was adversely impacted by 3.5 percentage points due to lower year-over-year structured transactions. The increase in premiums reflects growth of 7.6 percent in the North America Commercial Insurance division, while the North America Major Accounts and Specialty Insurance division declined 1.7 percent, primarily due to lower year-over-year large-structured transactions. The overall increase in premiums was across a number of lines, most notably in primary and excess casualty, reflecting strong new business and rate increases, partially offset by rate decreases in our Large Risk and E&S brokerage property lines, and in our financial lines.
Net premiums earned increased $108 million, or 2.2 percent, for the three months ended March 31, 2025, reflecting the growth in net premiums written described above.
Combined Ratio
The combined ratio decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2025, reflecting lower catastrophe losses and higher favorable prior period development.
The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased 0.7 percentage points for the three months ended March 31, 2025, reflecting a 0.6 percentage point favorable impact of lower year-over-year large-structured transactions which benefited the current year loss ratio, but had a partially offsetting unfavorable impact to the expense ratio, and a higher percentage of net premiums earned from property lines.
North America Personal P&C Insurance
The North America Personal P&C Insurance segment comprises operations that provide high net worth personal lines products, including homeowners and complementary products such as valuable articles, excess liability, automobile, and recreational marine insurance and services in the U.S. and Canada.
NM - Not meaningful
53
Table of Contents
Catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events:
2025: California wildfire losses of $1.29 billion, flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, wind events, and winter-related storms.
2024: Winter storm losses, flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, and wind events.
Refer to Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development.
Premiums
Net premiums written increased $96 million, or 6.6 percent, for the three months ended March 31, 2025, driven by strong new business and retention, and positive rate and exposure increases in all lines. The growth in premiums was partially offset by $50 million of ceded reinstatement premiums related to the California wildfires, a 3.5 percentage point drag on net premiums written growth.
Net premiums earned increased $103 million, or 7.0 percent, for the three months ended March 31, 2025, reflecting the growth in net premiums written described above.
Combined Ratio
The combined ratio increased for the three months ended March 31,