risks are borne by the customers, except to the extent of certain guarantees made by Chubb. The assets that support variable contracts are measured at fair value and are reported as Separate account assets and corresponding liabilities are reported within Separate account liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. Policy charges assessed against the policyholders for mortality, administration, and other services are included in Net premiums earned on the Consolidated statements of operations.
The following table presents the aggregate fair value of Separate account assets, by major security type:
The following table presents a roll-forward of separate account liabilities:
(1)
Cash surrender value represents the amount of the contract holder's account balances distributable at the balance sheet date less certain surrender charges
.
Unearned revenue liabilities
Unearned revenue liabilities represent policy charges for services to be provided in future periods. The charges are reflected as deferred revenue and are generally amortized into income over the expected life of the contract using the same methodology, factors, and assumptions used to amortize deferred acquisition costs. Unearned revenue liabilities pertaining to both policyholders' account balances and separate accounts are recorded in Policyholders' account balances in the Consolidated balance sheets.
The following table presents a roll-forward of unearned revenue liabilities:
F-73
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
11.
Market risk benefits
Our reinsurance programs covering variable annuity guarantees, comprising guaranteed living benefits (GLB) and guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB), meet the definition of Market risk benefits (MRB).
The following table presents a roll-forward of MRB:
(1)
Market movements are predominantly driven by changes in equities.
(2)
The net amount at risk is defined as the present value of future claim payments assuming policy account values and guaranteed values are fixed at the valuation date, and reinsurance coverage ends at the earlier of the maturity of the underlying variable annuity policy or the reinsurance treaty. No withdrawals, lapses, and mortality improvements are assumed in the projection. GLB-related risks contain conservative mortality and annuitization assumptions.
Excluded from the table above are MRB gains (losses) of $(
297
) million and $(
334
) million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, reported in the Consolidated statements of operations, relating to the market risk benefits' economic hedge and other net cash flows. There is no reinsurance recoverable associated with our liability for MRB.
In the third quarter of 2024, we completed a review of policyholder behavior related to annuitizations, partial withdrawals, lapses, and mortality for our variable annuity reinsurance business. These refinements resulted in a net increase of