intangible asset related to VOBA, which represents the estimated fair value of the future profits of in-force long duration contracts. The valuation of VOBA at the time of acquisition is derived from similar assumptions to those used to establish the associated future policy benefits reserves, including mortality, morbidity, persistency, investment yields, expenses, and the discount rate. The most significant input in this calculation is the discount rate used to arrive at the present value of the net cash flows. We amortize VOBA as a component of Policy acquisition costs in the Consolidated statements of operations in relation to the profit emergence of the underlying contracts, which is generally in proportion to premium revenue recognized based upon the same assumptions used at the time of the acquisition.
At least annually, we perform a VOBA asset recoverability review using a premium deficiency test to ensure that the unamortized portion does not exceed the expected recoverable amounts. If we determine that the premium margins or gross
47
Table of Contents
profits are less than the unamortized balance, then the asset will be adjusted downward with the adjustment recorded as an expense in the current period. Unrecoverable costs are expensed in the period identified.
Risk transfer
In the ordinary course of business, we both purchase (or cede) and sell (or assume) reinsurance protection. We discontinued the purchase of all finite risk reinsurance contracts, as a matter of policy, in 2002. For both ceded and assumed reinsurance, risk transfer requirements must be met in order to use reinsurance accounting, principally resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract as premiums and losses. If risk transfer requirements are not met, deposit accounting applies, typically resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract through a deposit asset or liability and not as revenue or expense. To meet risk transfer requirements, a reinsurance contract must include both insurance risk, consisting of underwriting and timing risk, and a reasonable possibility of a significant loss for the assuming entity. We also apply similar risk transfer requirements to determine whether certain commercial insurance contracts should be accounted for as insurance or a deposit. Contracts that include fixed premium (i.e., premium not subject to adjustment based on loss experience under the contract) for fixed coverage generally transfer risk and do not require judgment.
Reinsurance and insurance contracts that include both significant risk sharing provisions, such as adjustments to premiums or loss coverage based on loss experience, and relatively low policy limits, as evidenced by a high proportion of maximum premium assessments to loss limits, can require considerable judgment to determine whether or not risk transfer requirements are met. For such contracts, often referred to as structured products, we require that risk transfer be specifically