Other income and expense.
19.
Segment information
Chubb operates through six business segments: North America Commercial P&C Insurance, North America Personal P&C Insurance, North America Agricultural Insuran
ce, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance, and Life Insurance. These segments distribute their products through various forms of brokers, agen
cies, and direct marketing programs. All business segments have established relationships with reinsurance intermediaries. Effective July 1, 2023, the results of Huatai’s life and asset management businesses, included within the Life Insurance segment, and the results of Huatai’s P&C insurance business, included within Overseas General Insurance, are presented gross within Underwriting income (loss), Net investment income (loss), and Other income (expense) as required under consolidation accounting. Huatai’s results prior to July 1, 2023, were included net within Other (income) expense based on our ownership interest as required under equity method accounting. Effective July 1, 2022, the results of the acquired Cigna's business in Asia are included in our Life Insurance segment and, to a lesser extent, Overseas General Insurance segment according to the nature of the business written.
•
The North America Commercial P&C Insurance segment comprises operations that provide P&C and A&H insurance and services to large, middle market, and small commercial businesses in the U.S., Canada, and Bermuda. This segment includes our retail divisions: Major Accounts; Commercial Insurance, including Small Commercial Insurance; Chubb Bermuda, our high excess business; and Westchester, our wholesale and specialty division. These divisions write a variety of coverages, including property, casualty, workers’ compensation, package policies, risk management, fin
ancial lines, marine, construction, environmental, medical risk, cyber risk, surety, excess casualty, and A&H insurance.
•
The North America Personal P&C Insurance segment comprises the business written by Chubb Personal Risk Services division, which includes high net worth personal lines business, with operations in the U.S. and Canada. This segment provides affluent and high net worth individuals and families with homeowners, high value automobile and collector cars, valuable articles (including fine arts), personal and excess liability, travel insurance, and recreational marine insurance and services.
•
The North America Agricultural Insurance segment includes the business written by Rain and Hail Insurance Service, Inc. in the U.S. and Canada, which provides comprehensive multiple peril crop insurance (MPCI) and crop-hail insurance, and Chubb Agribusiness, which offers farm and ranch property as well as specialty P&C coverages, including commercial agriculture products.
•
The Overseas General Insurance segment includes the business written by two Chubb divisions that provides both commercial and consumer P&C insurance and services in the 51 countries