NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
consisted of third-party consulting fees, employee-related retention costs, and other professional and legal fees related to the acquisition.
x)
New accounting pronouncements
Accounting guidance adopted in 2024
Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance that requires expanded reportable segment disclosures, primarily related to significant segment expenses which are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker. We retrospectively adopted this disclosure-only guidance for our annual 2024 reporting, and modified the presentation of our segment financial information disclosure. Refer to Note 19 for additional information.
Accounting guidance not yet adopted
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued guidance that requires expanded income tax disclosures, including the disaggregation of existing disclosures related to the tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. The guidance is effective for our 2025 annual reporting. Prospective application is required, with retrospective application permitted. We are evaluating the impact of this disclosure-only requirement.
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
In November 2024, the FASB issued guidance that requires disclosure of specified information about certain costs and expenses in the notes to the financial statements. The guidance is effective for our 2027 annual reporting, and interim reporting periods beginning in 2028. Prospective application is required, with retrospective application permitted. We are evaluating the impact of this disclosure-only requirement.
2
.
Acquisitions
Healthy Paws
On
May 31, 2024
, we acquired the business of Healthy Paws Pet Insurance LLC, a managing general agent specializing in pet insurance, from Aon plc for approximately $
300
million in cash. We recognized goodwill of $
256
million and intangible assets of $
44
million from this acquisition. Chubb has been the exclusive underwriter of Healthy Paws since 2013. The transaction positions Chubb to expand in a niche market with substantial growth potential. This business is assigned to the North America Commercial Insurance segment.
Huatai Group
Huatai Insurance Group Co., Ltd. (Huatai Group) is a Chinese financial services holding company and the parent company of, among others, Huatai Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd. (Huatai P&C), Huatai Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (Huatai Life), Huatai Asset Management Co., Ltd., and Huatai Baoxing Fund Management Co., Ltd., of which Huatai Group owns 100 percent, 80 percent, 91 percent, and 85 percent, respectively (collectively, Huatai).
On
July 1, 2023
, Chubb further advanced our goal of greater product, customer, and geographical diversification by obtaining a controlling interest in our investment in Huatai Group, as we increased ownership interest from