Consolidated Financial Statements.
Sensitivity to underlying assumptions
While we believe that our reserve for unpaid losses and loss expenses at December 31, 2024, is adequate, new information or emerging trends that differ from our assumptions may lead to future development of losses and loss expenses that is significantly greater or less than the recorded reserve, which could have a material effect on future operating results. As noted previously, our best estimate of required loss reserves for most portfolios is judgmentally selected for each origin year after considering the results from a number of reserving methods and is not a purely mechanical process. Therefore, it is difficult to convey, in a simple and quantitative manner, the impact that a change to a single assumption will have on our best estimate. In the examples below, we attempt to give an indication of the potential impact by isolating a single change for a specific reserving method that would be pertinent in establishing the best estimate for the product line described. We consider each of the following sensitivity analyses to represent a reasonably likely deviation in the underlying assumption.
North America Commercial P&C Insurance - Workers' Compensation
Given the long reporting and paid development patterns for workers' compensation business, the development factors used to project actual current losses to ultimate losses for our current exposure require considerable judgment that could be material to consolidated loss and loss expense reserves. Specifically, adjusting ground up ultimate losses by a one percentage point change in the tail factor (i.e., 1.04 changed to either 1.05 or 1.03) would cause a change of approximately $1.1 billion, either positive or negative, for the projected net loss and loss expense reserves. This represents an impact of about 10.9 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $10.2 billion.
North America Commercial P&C Insurance – Liability
As is the case for Workers’ Compensation above, given the long reporting and paid development patterns, the development factors used to project actual current losses to ultimate losses for our current exposure require considerable judgment that could
43
Table of Contents
be material to consolidated loss and loss expense reserves. Specifically, for our main U.S. Excess/Umbrella portfolios, a five percentage point change in the tail factor (e.g., 1.10 changed to either 1.15 or 1.05) would cause a change of approximately $0.8 billion, either positive or negative, for the projected net loss and loss expense reserves. This represents an impact of about 18 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $4.3 billion for these portfolios.
The reserve portfolio for our Chubb Bermuda operations contains exposure to high excess liability, D&O and other professional liability coverage (typically with attachment points in excess of $100 million and