(investors.chubb.com, under Financials/Financial Strength Ratings) also contains some information about our ratings, but such information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report.
Financial strength ratings reflect the rating agencies' opinions of a company's claims paying ability. Independent ratings are one of the important factors that establish our competitive position in the insurance markets. The rating agencies consider many factors in determining the financial strength rating of an insurance company, including the relative level of statutory surplus necessary to support the business operations of the company. These ratings are based upon factors relevant to policyholders, agents, and intermediaries and are not directed toward the protection of investors. Such ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities.
Credit ratings assess a company's ability to make timely payments of principal and interest on its debt. It is possible that, in the future, one or more of the rating agencies may reduce our existing ratings. If one or more of our ratings were downgraded, we could incur higher borrowing costs, and our ability to access the capital markets could be impacted. In addition, our insurance and reinsurance operations could be adversely impacted by a downgrade in our financial strength ratings, including a possible reduction in demand for our products in certain markets. Also, we have insurance and reinsurance contracts which contain rating triggers. In the event the S&P or AM Best financial strength ratings of Chubb fall, we may be faced with the cancellation of premium or be required to post collateral on our underlying obligation associated with this premium.
86
Table of Contents
Information provided in connection with outstanding debt of subsidiaries
Chubb INA Holdings LLC (Subsidiary Issuer)
is an indirect 100 percent-owned and consolidated subsidiary of Chubb Limited (Parent Guarantor). The Parent Guarantor fully and unconditionally guarantees certain of the debt of the Subsidiary Issuer.
The following table presents the condensed balance sheets of Chubb Limited and Chubb INA Holdings LLC, after elimination of investment in any non-guarantor subsidiary:
The following table presents the condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss of Chubb Limited and Chubb INA Holdings LLC, excluding equity in earnings from non-guarantor subsidiaries:
87
Table of Contents
Credit Facilities
As our Bermuda subsidiaries are n
on-admitted insurers and reinsurers in the U.S., the terms of certain U.S. insurance and reinsurance contracts require them to provide collateral, which can be in the form of letters of credit (LOCs). LOCs may also be used for general corporate purposes.
Should the need arise, we generally have access to capital markets and to credit facilities. Our group syndicated credit facility has capacity of $3.0 billion and expires in October 2027. Our total letter of credit capacity is