tax charge on this income.
Chubb Group Holdings and its respective subsidiaries are subject to income taxes imposed by U.S. authorities and file a consolidated U.S. Federal income tax return. Should Chubb Group Holdings pay a dividend to Chubb Limited, withholding taxes would apply. Currently, however, no withholding taxes are accrued with respect to such un-remitted earnings as management has no intention of remitting these earnings. Similarly, no taxes have been provided on the un-remitted earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries (Chubb Life Insurance Hong Kong and Chubb Life Insurance Korea Company Ltd.) as management has no intention of remitting these earnings. Finally, we have made a partial reinvestment assertion on historical earnings for LINA Life Insurance Company of Korea and Huatai Insurance Group Co., Ltd. The cumulative amount that would be subject to withholding tax, if distributed, as well as the determination of the associated tax liability are not practicable to compute; however, such amount would be material.
Certain international operations of Chubb are also subject to income taxes imposed by the jurisdictions in which they operate. Chubb's domestic operations are in Switzerland, the jurisdiction where we are legally organized, incorporated, and registered.
The following table presents pre-tax income and the related provision for income taxes:
The most significant jurisdictions contributing to the overall taxation of Chubb are calculated using the following rates in 2024: Switzerland
19.7
percent, U.S.
21.0
percent, U.K.
25.0
percent, and Bermuda
0.0 percent
.
The following table presents a reconciliation of the difference between the provision for income taxes and the expected tax provision at the Swiss statutory income tax rate:
F-76
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
Current income tax receivable of $
246
million and $
266
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, was recorded in Other assets on the Consolidated balance sheets. Current income tax payable of $
376
million and $
330
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, was recorded in Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets.
The following table presents the components of net deferred tax assets and liabilities:
(1)
Included in Investments are deferred taxes on unrealized depreciation of $
787
million and $
662
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The valuation allowance of $
1.1
billion and $
716
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, reflects management's assessment, based on available information, that it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized due to the inability of certain subsidiaries to generate sufficient taxable income. Adjustments to the valuation allowance are made when there is a change in management's assessment of the amount of deferred tax