described above.
The price of an option is influenced by the underlying security, level of interest rates, expected volatility, time to expiration, and supply and demand.
The credit risk associated with the above derivative financial instruments relates to the potential for non-performance by counterparties. Although non-performance is not anticipated, in order to minimize the risk of loss, management monitors the creditworthiness of its counterparties and obtains collateral. The performance of exchange-traded instruments is guaranteed by the exchange on which they trade. For non-exchange-traded instruments, the counterparties are principally banks which must meet certain criteria according to our investment guidelines.
F-83
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
Other
Included within Other are derivatives intended to reduce potential losses which may arise from certain exposures in our insurance business. The economic benefit provided by these derivatives is similar to purchased reinsurance. For example,
Chubb may,
from time to time, enter into crop derivative contracts to protect underwriting results in the event of a significant decline in commodity prices.
(iii) Convertible security investments
A convertible security is a debt instrument or preferred stock that can be converted into a predetermined amount of the issuer’s equity. The convertible option is an embedded derivative within the host instruments which are classified in the investment portfolio as either available-for-sale or as an equity security.
Chubb
purchases convertible securities for their total return and not specifically for the conversion feature.
(iv) TBA
By acquiring to be announced mortgage-backed securities (TBAs), we make a commitment to purchase a future issuance of mortgage-backed securities. For the period between purchase of the TBAs and issuance of the underlying security, we account for our position as a derivative in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Chubb purchases TBAs, from time to time, both for their total return and for the flexibility they provide related to our mortgage-backed security strategy.
(v) Futures contracts on equities
Under the MRB program, as the assuming entity, Chubb is obligated to provide coverage until the expiration or maturity of the underlying deferred annuity contracts or the expiry of the reinsurance treaty. We may recognize a loss for changes in fair value due to adverse changes in the capital markets (e.g., declining interest rates and/or declining U.S. and/or international equity markets). To mitigate adverse changes in the capital markets, we maintain positions in exchange-traded equity futures contracts, as noted under section "(ii) Futures" above. These futures increase in fair value when the S&P 500 index decreases (and decrease in fair value when the S&P 500 index increases). The net impact of gains or losses related to changes in fair value of the MRB