analyze loss reserves (including loss expenses) and regularly project estimates of ultimate losses and the corresponding indications of the required IBNR reserve. Our reserving approach is a comprehensive ground-up process using data at a detailed level that reflects the specific types and coverages of the diverse products written by our various operations. The data presented in this disclosure was prepared on a more aggregated basis and with a focus on changes in incurred loss estimates over time as well as associated cash flows. We note that data prepared on this basis may not demonstrate the full spectrum of characteristics that are evident in the more detailed level studied internally.
We perform an actuarial reserve review for each product line at least once a year. For most product lines, one or more standard actuarial reserving methods may be used to determine estimates of ultimate losses and loss expenses, and from these estimates, a single actuarial central estimate is selected. The actuarial central estimate is an input to the reserve committee process described above. For the few product lines that do not lend themselves to standard actuarial reserving methods, appropriate techniques are applied to produce the actuarial central estimates. For example, run-off asbestos and environmental liability estimates are better suited to the application of account-specific exposure-based analyses to best evaluate their associated aggregate reserve levels.
b) Standard actuarial reserving methods
The judgments involved in projecting the ultimate losses include the use and interpretation of various standard actuarial reserving methods that place reliance on the extrapolation of actual historical data, loss development patterns, industry data, and other benchmarks as appropriate.
Standard actuarial reserving methods include, but are not limited to, expected loss ratio, paid and reported loss development, and Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods. A general description of these methods is provided below. In addition to these standard methods, depending upon the product line characteristics and available data, we may use other recognized actuarial methods and approaches. Implicit in the standard actuarial methods that we generally utilize is the need for two fundamental assumptions: first, the pattern by which losses are expected to emerge over time for each origin year, and second, the expected loss ratio for each origin year.
The expected loss ratio for any particular origin year is selected after consideration of a number of factors, including historical loss ratios adjusted for rate changes, premium and loss trends, industry benchmarks, the results of policy level loss modeling at the time of underwriting, and/or other more subjective considerations for the product line (e.g., terms and conditions) and external environment as noted above. The expected loss ratio for a given origin year is initially established at the start of the origin year as part of the