retirement benefits for certain employees through its Defined Contribution Excess Benefit Plan in the form of deferred shares of stock. The minimum vesting period under these legacy Chubb Corp deferred plans was
1
-year and the maximum was
3
-years. Employees and directors had the option to elect to receive their awards at a future specified date or upon their termination of service with Chubb. At December 31, 2024, there were
97,982
deferred restricted stock units.
F-93
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
ESPP
The ESPP gives participating employees the right to purchase Common Shares through payroll deductions during consecutive subscription periods at a purchase price of
85
percent of the fair value of a Common Share on the exercise date (Purchase Price). Annual purchases by participants are limited to the number of whole shares that can be purchased by an amount equal to
ten
percent of the participant's compensation or $
25,000
, whichever is less. The ESPP has two six-month subscription periods each year, the first of which runs between January 1 and June 30 and the second of which runs between July 1 and December 31. The amounts collected from participants during a subscription period are used on the exercise date to purchase full shares of Common Shares. An exercise date is generally the last trading day of a subscription period. The number of shares purchased is equal to the total amount, at the exercise date, collected from the participants through payroll deductions for that subscription period, divided by the Purchase Price, rounded down to the next full share. Participants may withdraw from an offering before the exercise date and obtain a refund of amounts withheld through payroll deductions. Pursuant to the provisions of the ESPP, during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, employees paid $
61
million, $
54
million, and $
48
million to purchase
272,350
shares,
305,604
shares, and
271,650
shares, respectively.
17.
Postretirement benefits
Chubb provides postretirement benefits to eligible employees and their dependents through various defined contribution plans sponsored by Chubb. In addition, for certain employees, Chubb sponsors other postretirement benefit plans and defined benefit pension plans.
Defined contribution plans (including 401(k))
Under these plans, employees' contributions may be supplemented by Chubb matching contributions based on the level of employee contribution. These contributions are invested at the election of each employee in one or more of several investment portfolios offered by a third-party investment advisor. Expenses for these plans totaled $
298
million, $
283
million, and $
230
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Defined benefit pension plans
We maintain non-contributory defined benefit pension plans that cover certain employees located in the U.S., U.K., Canada, and various other