amortization expense of purchased intangibles, at current foreign currency exchange rates, for the next five years.
At December 31, 2024, the deferred tax liability associated with the Other intangible assets (excluding the fair value adjustment on Unpaid losses and loss expenses) was $1,478 million.
The following table presents, as of December 31, 2024, the expected reduction to the deferred tax liability associated with the amortization of Other intangible assets, at current foreign currency exchange rates, for the next five years:
Amortization of the fair value adjustment on assumed long-term debt
The following table presents, as of December 31, 2024, the expected amortization benefit from the fair value adjustment on assumed long-term debt related to the Chubb Corp acquisition for the next five years:
(1)
Recorded as a reduction to Interest expense in the Consolidated statements of operations.
71
Table of Contents
Investments
Our investment portfolio is invested primarily in publicly traded, investment grade, fixed income securities with an average credit quality of A/A as rated by the independent investment rating services Standard and Poor’s (S&P)/ Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) at December 31, 2024. The portfolio is primarily managed externally by independent, professional investment managers and is broadly diversified across geographies, sectors, and issuers. We hold no collateralized debt obligations in our investment portfolio, and we provide no credit default protection. We have long-standing global credit limits for our entire portfolio across the organization. Exposures are aggregated, monitored, and actively managed by our Global Credit Committee, comprising senior executives, including our Chief Financial Officer, our Chief Risk Officer, our Chief Investment Officer, and our Treasurer. We also have well-established, strict contractual investment rules requiring managers to maintain highly diversified exposures to individual issuers and closely monitor investment manager compliance with portfolio guidelines.
The average duration of our fixed income securities, including the effect of futures, options, and swaps, was 5.1 years and 4.8 years at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We estimate that a 100 basis point (bps) increase in interest rates would reduce the valuation of our fixed income portfolio by approximately $6.2 billion at December 31, 2024. The following table shows the fair value and cost/amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our invested assets:
The fair value of our total investments increased $14.0 billion during the year ended December 31, 2024, reflecting the investing of operating cash flow, partially offset by unrealized losses on fixed maturities mainly due to interest rate increases.
72
Table of Contents
The following tables present the fair value of our fixed income securities at December 31, 2024 and 2023. The first table lists investments according to type and second according to S&P