shares, and paying dividends to our shareholders. Some of our insurance subsidiaries are subject to significant regulatory restrictions limiting their ability to declare and pay dividends. The inability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends (or other intercompany amounts due, such as intercompany debt obligations) in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our cash requirements at the holding company level could have an adverse effect on our operations and our ability to repurchase shares and pay dividends to our shareholders.
Swiss law imposes certain restrictions on our ability to repurchase our shares.
Swiss law imposes certain withholding tax and other restrictions on a Swiss company’s ability to return earnings or capital to its shareholders, including through the repurchase of its own shares. We may only repurchase shares to the extent that sufficient freely distributable reserves are available. In addition, Swiss law requires that the total par value of Chubb's treasury shares must not be in excess of
10 percent
of its total share capital, although, to the extent permitted by Swiss law, exemptions from the 10 percent limit apply for repurchased treasury shares dedicated for cancellation under our shareholder-approved capital band or for shares acquired pursuant to a shareholder-ratified repurchase program and dedicated for cancellation. As a result, in order to maintain our share repurchase program, our shareholders must either periodically approve our capital band authorizing our Board to reduce our share capital or, as necessary, ratify our share repurchase program authorizing our Board to acquire shares in excess of the 10 percent limit. If our shareholders do not approve either of the foregoing, we may be restricted or unable to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases in the future. Furthermore, our current repurchase program relies on bank counterparties for execution and Swiss tax rulings confirmed by the competent tax authority for a certain period.
26
Table of Contents
We can re-apply for such tax rulings in the future but cannot guarantee that they will also be granted going forward. Any future revocation, lapse, expiration, or loss of our Swiss tax rulings or the inability to conduct repurchases in accordance with these rulings could jeopardize our ability to continue repurchasing our shares.
Our operating results and shareholders' equity may be adversely affected by currency fluctuations.
Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. In general, we match assets and liabilities in local currencies. Where possible, capital levels in local currencies are limited to satisfy minimum regulatory requirements and to support local insurance operations. The principal currencies creating foreign exchange risk are the Korean won, Chinese yuan renminbi, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Mexican peso, British pound sterling, Hong Kong dollar, Thai baht, New Taiwan dollar, and euro. At December 31, 2024,