are higher in the first year immediately following the waiting period (the first year the policies are eligible to annuitize using the GLB) in comparison to all subsequent years. Chubb does not yet have fully credible annuitization experience for all clients.
The effect of changes in key market factors on assumed lapse and annuitization rates reflect emerging trends using data available from cedants. For treaties with limited experience, rates are established by blending the experience with data received from other ceding companies. The model and related assumptions are regularly re-evaluated by management and enhanced, as appropriate, based upon additional experience obtained related to policyholder behavior and availability of updated information such as market conditions, market participant assumptions, and demographics of in-force annuities.
12.
Taxation
Under Swiss law through December 31, 2024, a resident company is subject to income tax at the federal, cantonal, and communal levels that is levied on net worldwide income. Income attributable to permanent establishments or real estate located abroad is excluded from the Swiss tax base. Furthermore, participation relief (i.e., tax relief) is granted to Chubb Limited at the federal, cantonal, and communal level for qualifying dividend income. Chubb Limited is subject to an annual cantonal and communal capital tax on the taxable equity of Chubb Limited in Switzerland.
Chubb has two Swiss operating subsidiaries, an insurance company, Chubb Insurance (Switzerland) Limited and a reinsurance company, Chubb Reinsurance (Switzerland) Limited. Both are subject to federal, cantonal, and communal income tax and to annual cantonal and communal capital tax.
Under Bermuda law, Chubb Limited and its Bermuda subsidiaries are not required to pay any taxes on income or capital gains. However, on December 27, 2023, the Government of Bermuda enacted the Corporate Income Tax Act of 2023 which established a 15 percent income tax on net taxable income of Bermuda entities effective January 1, 2025. Chubb's Bermuda subsidiaries will pay taxes on their income beginning in 2025.
Income from Chubb's operations at Lloyd's is subject to United Kingdom (U.K.) corporation income taxes. Lloyd's is required to pay U.S. income tax on U.S. connected income written by Lloyd's syndicates. Lloyd's has a closing agreement with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) whereby the amount of tax due on this business is calculated by Lloyd's and remitted directly to the IRS. These amounts are then charged to the accounts of Chubb's Corporate Members in proportion to their participation in the
F-75
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
relevant syndicates. Chubb's Corporate Members are subject to this arrangement but, as U.K. domiciled companies, will receive U.K. corporation tax credits for any U.S. income tax incurred up to the value of the equivalent U.K. corporation income