compensation partially offset by adverse development in casualty lines. Our corporate run-off portfolio had adverse development of $277 million, with $149 million related to legacy asbestos and environmental exposures and $49 million related to molestation claims.
Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development.
P&C Combined Ratio
In evaluating our segments excluding Life Insurance financial performance, we use the P&C combined ratio, the loss and loss expense ratio, the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. We calculate these ratios by dividing the respective expense amounts by net premiums earned. We do not calculate these ratios for the Life Insurance segment as we do not use these measures to monitor or manage the business in that segment. The P&C combined ratio is determined by adding the loss and loss expense ratio, the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. A P&C combined ratio under 100 percent indicates underwriting income, and a combined ratio exceeding 100 percent indicates underwriting loss.
The P&C CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2024, reflecting a higher percentage of net premiums earned from property lines, and the contemplation of a higher underwriting gain in MPCI for the current crop year. These factors were offset by price changes not keeping pace with loss trends in financial lines, a change in mix of business away from products that have a lower policy acquisition cost ratio, and increased spending to support growth.
The P&C combined ratio was relatively flat, reflecting higher catastrophe losses in addition to the factors mentioned above.
Policy benefits
Policy benefits represent losses on contracts classified as long-duration and generally include accident and supplemental health products, term and whole life products, endowment products, and annuities. Policy benefits include (gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account liabilities that do not qualify for separate account treatment under U.S. GAAP. The offsetting movements of these liabilities are recorded in Other (income) expense in the Consolidated statements of operations. In addition, Policy benefits include the impact on the liabilities from (gains) losses on investment portfolios supporting certain participating policies. The offsetting movements of these liabilities are recorded in Realized gains (losses) in the Consolidated statements of operations. Policy benefits include the results of Huatai Group as of July 1, 2023. Refer to the Life Insurance segment operating results section for further discussion.
Policy benefits were $4,714 million and $3,628 million in 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in Policy benefits is primarily due to the consolidation of Huatai Group.
Refer to the respective sections that follow for a discussion of Net investment income, Other (income) expense, Net realized gains (losses),