specialty and excess and surplus lines wholesale business, includes Lloyd's of London (Lloyd's) Syndicate 2488, a wholly-owned Chubb syndicate supported by funds at Lloyd’s provided by Chubb Corporate Members. Syndicate 2488 has an underwriting capacity of £630 million for the Lloyd’s 2025 account year. The syndicate is managed by Chubb’s Lloyd’s managing agency, Chubb Underwriting Agencies Limited. At December 31, 2024, our ownership interest in Huatai P&C was approximately 85.5 percent.
Products and Distribution
Chubb International maintains a presence in every major insurance market in the world and is organized geographically along product lines as follows: Europe, Middle East and Africa, Asia (including Huatai P&C), and Latin America. Products offered
7
Table of Contents
include commercial P&C and corporate A&H lines, including specialty coverages and services, and consumer lines, including A&H and personal lines insurance products. Chubb International's P&C business is generally written, on both a direct and assumed basis, through major international, regional, and local brokers and agents. Certain branded products are also offered via digital-commerce platforms, allowing agents and brokers to quote, bind, and issue policies at their convenience. Huatai P&C provides a range of commercial and personal P&C products in China, including automobile, homeowners, property, professional liability, product liability, employer liability, business interruption, marine cargo, personal accident, supplemental health, and specialty risk. These products are marketed through various distribution channels including nearly 200 licensed sales locations in 28 Chinese provinces. Property insurance products include traditional commercial fire coverage, as well as energy industry-related, marine, construction, and other technical coverages. Principal casualty products are commercial primary and excess casualty, environmental, and general liability. A&H and other consumer lines products are distributed through brokers, agents, direct marketing programs, including thousands of telemarketers, and sponsor relationships. The A&H operations primarily offer personal accident and supplemental medical coverages including accidental death, business/holiday travel, specified disease, disability, medical and hospital indemnity, and income protection. We are not in the primary healthcare business. With respect to our supplemental medical and hospital indemnity products, we typically pay fixed amounts for claims and are therefore largely insulated from the direct impact of rising healthcare costs. Chubb International specialty coverages include D&O, professional indemnity, cyber, surety, aviation, political risk, and specialty personal lines products. Chubb International personal lines operations provide a wide range of consumer lines products to meet the needs of specific target markets around the world. Products include high net worth homes, traditional homeowners,