Financial Institutions Group.
Bryce L. Johns was appointed Senior Vice President, Chubb Group and President, Chubb Life in April 2022. Mr. Johns has more than 25 years of experience in insurance, wealth management and capital management. Mr. Johns previously served as Group General Manager and Global CEO of HSBC Life and Insurance Partnerships from August 2016 to December 2021, where he was responsible for HSBC Life's 10 businesses across Asia, Europe and Latin America, and the group's strategic insurance distribution partnerships globally. Prior to joining HSBC in 2016, Mr. Johns led bancassurance for Citigroup globally and held a leadership role for regional branch distribution in Asia. Earlier in his career, Mr. Johns held leadership roles at Manulife Asia in Hong Kong and at Old Mutual Group in South Africa, India and the U.K.
John W. Keogh was appointed President of Chubb in December 2020, and has served as Chief Operating Officer since July 2011. Mr. Keogh was appointed Vice Chairman of Chubb Limited in 2010 and Executive Vice Chairman in 2015. Mr. Keogh joined Chubb in 2006 as Chairman, Insurance – Overseas General. Before joining Chubb, Mr. Keogh held a range of positions with increasing responsibility during a 20-year career with AIG, including Senior Vice President, Domestic General Insurance, and President and Chief Executive Officer of National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, an AIG member company. He
began his insurance career as an underwriter with AIG in 1986.
20
Table of Contents
John J. Lupica was appointed Executive Chairman, North America Insurance in July 2024, and has served as Vice Chairman of Chubb since November 2013. Prior to his current role, Mr. Lupica served as President, North America Insurance from September 2020 to July 2024. Mr. Lupica previously served in several other senior management positions since joining Chubb in 2000, including President, North America Major Accounts and Specialty Insurance; Chairman, Insurance - North America; Chief Operating Officer, Insurance - North America; President of ACE USA; Division President of U.S. Professional Risk business and U.S. Regional Operations; and Executive Vice President of Professional Risk. Prior to joining Chubb, he served as Senior Vice President for Munich-American Risk Partners, Inc. He also held various management positions at AIG.
Paul McNamee was appointed Executive Vice President, Chubb Group and President, Overseas General Insurance in July 2024. Mr. McNamee previously served as Senior Vice President, Chubb Group and Regional President of Asia Pacific from July 2016 to July 2024. Mr. McNamee has also held several other senior roles since joining Chubb in 1995, including Deputy Regional President and Executive Vice President, Commercial Property & Casualty, Asia Pacific from 2013 to 2016, President of Chubb’s North America Property & Specialty Lines from 2009 to 2013, and prior to that as Head of Property and Technical Lines for Asia Pacific,