FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
(1)
Excluded from the table above are $
634
million and $
227
million of other investments related to the U.S. Plans and Non-U.S. Plans, respectively, private equities of $
224
million and $
17
million in U.S. Plans and Non-U.S. Plans, respectively, measured using NAV as a practical expedient, and $
16
million in cash and accrued income related to the U.S. Plans.
At December 31, 2024, the other postretirement benefit plan had $
62
million of plan assets, of which $
23
million of fixed maturities were categorized as Level 2, and $
39
million of other investments were measured using NAV as a practical expedient. At December 31, 2023, the other postretirement benefit plan had $
69
million of plan assets, of which $
34
million of fixed maturities were categorized as Level 2, and $
35
million of other investments were measured using NAV as a practical expedient.
18.
Other income and expense
Equity in net income of partially-owned entities includes our share of net income or loss, both underlying operating income and mark-to-market movement, related to partially-owned investment companies (private equity) where we own more than three percent, and partially-owned insurance companies. This line item includes mark-to-market gains (losses) on private equities of $
537
million, $
434
million, and $(
219
) million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Other income and expense includes net income attributable to our investment in Huatai under the equity method of accounting comprising income (expense) of $
36
million through June 30, 2023, and $(
11
) million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Effective July 1, 2023, we discontinued the equity method of accounting and include the results of operations of Huatai in our consolidated results.
Also included in Other income and expense are gains (losses) from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account treatment under U.S. GAAP. The offsetting movement in the separate account liabilities is included in Policy benefits in the Consolidated statements of operations.
Asset management and performance fee revenue and expense primarily relate to the management of third-party assets by Huatai's asset management business, which is unrelated to Huatai Group's core insurance operations. These revenues and
F-100
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
expenses are recognized in the period in which the services are performed and, for certain asset performance fees, to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur.
Certain federal excise and capital taxes incurred as a result of capital management initiatives are included in Other income and expense as these are considered capital transactions and are excluded from underwriting results. Bad debt expense for uncollectible premiums is also included in