employee share-based compensation plans. At March 31, 2025,
11,358,936
Common Shares remain in treasury.
Chubb Limited securities repurchase authorization
In June 2023, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to $
5.0
billion
of Chubb Common Shares effective July 1, 2023, with no expiration date. The following table presents repurchases of Chubb's Common Shares conducted in a series of open market transactions under the Board authorization:
The following table presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss):
36
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – continued (Unaudited)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
37
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – continued (Unaudited)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
The following table presents reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to the Consolidated statements of operations:
13.
Share-based compensation
The Chubb Limited 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (the Amended 2016 LTIP), permits grants of both incentive and non-qualified stock options principally at an option price per share equal to the grant date fair value of Chubb's Common Shares. Stock options are generally granted with a
3
-year vesting period and a
10
-year term. Stock options typically vest in equal annual installments over the respective vesting period, which is also the requisite service period. On March 3, 2025, Chubb granted
1,253,605
stock options with a weighted-average grant date fair value of $
74.64
each. The fair value of the options issued is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.
The Amended 2016 LTIP also permits grants of service-based restricted stock and restricted stock units as well as performance shares and performance stock units. Under the Chubb Deferred Stock Unit Plan, a sub-plan of the Amended 2016 LTIP, eligible participants may defer vested performance stock units and restricted stock units to the extent such awards are U.S.-allocated compensation.
Chubb generally grants service-based restricted stock and restricted stock units with a
4
-year vesting period, based on a graded vesting schedule. Performance shares and performance stock units granted comprise both target and premium awards that cliff vest at the end of a
3
-year performance period based on tangible book value (Chubb shareholders' equity less goodwill and intangible assets attributable to Chubb, net of tax) per share growth and P&C combined ratio compared to a defined group of peer companies. Premium awards are subject to an additional vesting provision based on total shareholder return compared to the peer group. Stock and unit awards are principally granted at market close price on the grant date. On March 3, 2025, Chubb granted
620,237
service-based restricted stock,
287,268
service-based restricted stock units,
103,285
performance shares, and
288,070
performance stock units to employees and officers with a