represent segregated funds where investment risks are borne by the customers, except to the extent of certain guarantees made by Chubb. Separate account liabilities primarily represent the policyholders’ account balances in separate account assets and are equal and offsetting to total separate account assets. The assets of each account are legally segregated and are not subject to claims that arise out of any Chubb’s business. Mortality, policy administration and surrender charges assessed against the accounts are included in Net premiums earned on the Consolidated statements of operations. The related investment performance of the separate account assets (including interest, dividends, realized gains and losses, and changes in unrealized gains and losses) generally accrue to the policyholders and are not included in our Consolidated statements of operations. Fees charged against the separate accounts are deferred and recorded as unearned revenue liabilities within Policyholders’ account balances on the Consolidated balance sheets until they are earned within Net premiums earned on the Consolidated statements of operations. Refer to section o) Policyholders’ account balances, below.
o) Policyholders' account balances
Policyholders' account balances represent a liability for investment contracts sold that do not meet the definition of an insurance contract, and certain of these contracts are sold with a guaranteed rate of return. Consideration received or paid is recorded as a deposit asset or liability in the balance sheet as opposed to recording premiums and losses in the statements of operations. The liability for policyholders' account balances equals accumulated policy account values, which consist of consideration received from the policyholder, plus any credited income, less any relevant charges. Also included within Policyholders' account balances is an unearned revenue liability which represents policy charges for services to be provided in future periods. The charges are deferred as incurred and are generally amortized over the expected life of the contract using the same methodology, factors, and assumptions used to amortize deferred acquisition costs.
Certain of our long-duration contracts are supported by assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under U.S. GAAP. These assets are classified as non-qualified separate account assets and reported in Other investments and the offsetting liabilities are reported in Policyholders’ account balances in the Consolidated balance sheets. Changes in the fair value of separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under U.S. GAAP are reported in Other (income) expense, and the offsetting movements in the liabilities are included in Policy benefits in the Consolidated statements of operations.
p)
Property and equipment
Property and equipment used in operations are capitalized and carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and are reported within Other