2025, reflecting the California wildfire catastrophe losses, including the unfavorable impact of the ceded reinstatement premiums on the expense ratio, which are fully earned and carry no expenses, and lower favorable prior period development.
The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2025, primarily due to an improvement in homeowners and auto from earned rate and exposure exceeding loss trends, and a lower administrative expense ratio primarily due to the impact of higher net premiums earned and strong expense management.
54
Table of Contents
North America Agricultural Insurance
The North America Agricultural Insurance segment comprises our North American based businesses that provide a variety of coverages in the U.S. and Canada including crop insurance, primarily Multiple Peril Crop Insurance (MPCI) and crop-hail through Rain and Hail Insurance Service, Inc. (Rain and Hail), as well as farm and ranch and specialty P&C commercial insurance products and services through our Agriculture P&C business.
NM - Not meaningful
Catastrophe losses through both March 31, 2025 and 2024, were primarily from flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, wind events, and winter-related storms.
Refer to Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development.
Premiums
Net premiums written increased $27 million, or 11.0 percent, for the three months ended March 31, 2025, primarily due to a ceded premium increase of $41 million to the U.S. Government under the profit-sharing formula in the prior year, which impacted growth by 15.6 percentage points, partially offset by lower commodity prices in the current year.
Net premiums earned increased $37 million, or 28.6 percent, for the three months ended March 31, 2025, reflecting the factors described above.
55
Table of Contents
Combined Ratio
The combined ratio increased for the three months ended March 31, 2025, reflecting higher catastrophe losses, and a lower impact from favorable prior period development.
The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2025, reflecting earned rate exceeding loss trend in our Agriculture P&C business, partially offset by a change in the mix of business away from products that carry a lower policy acquisition cost ratio.
Overseas General Insurance
Overseas General Insurance segment comprises Chubb International and Chubb Global Markets (CGM). Chubb International comprises our international commercial P&C traditional and specialty lines serving large corporations, middle market and small customers; A&H and traditional and specialty personal lines business serving local territories outside the U.S., Bermuda, and Canada. CGM, our London-based international commercial P&C excess and surplus lines business, includes Lloyd's of London (Lloyd's) Syndicate 2488. Chubb provides funds at Lloyd's to support underwriting by Syndicate 2488 which is managed by Chubb