regulations for our operations in Switzerland, the U.S., Bermuda, and other international locations.
Swiss Operations
The Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) has the discretion to supervise Chubb on a group-wide basis. However, FINMA acknowledges the Department's assumption of group supervision over us.
Chubb Insurance (Switzerland) Limited offers property and casualty insurance to Swiss companies, A&H, and personal lines insurance for individuals of Swiss companies. We also operate a reinsurance subsidiary named Chubb Reinsurance (Switzerland) Limited, which is primarily a provider of reinsurance to Chubb entities. Both companies are licensed and governed by FINMA.
14
Table of Contents
U.S. Operations
Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation by the states in which they do business. The laws of the various states establish departments of insurance with broad authority to regulate, among other things: the standards of solvency that must be met and maintained, the licensing of insurers and their producers, approval of policy forms and rates, the nature of and limitations on investments, restrictions on the size of the risks which may be insured under a single policy, deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders, requirements for the acceptability of reinsurers, periodic examinations of the affairs of insurance companies, the form and content of reports of financial condition required to be filed, and the adequacy of reserves for unearned premiums, losses, and other exposures.
Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are required to file detailed annual and quarterly statutory financial statements with state insurance regulators. In addition, our U.S. insurance subsidiaries' operational and financial records are subject to examination at regular intervals by state regulators.
All states have enacted legislation that regulates insurance holding companies. This legislation provides that each U.S. insurance company in the insurance holding company system (system) is required to register with the insurance department of its state of domicile and furnish information concerning the operations of companies within the system that may materially affect the operations, management, or financial condition of our U.S. insurers. All transactions within a system must be fair and equitable. Notice to the appropriate insurance departments is required prior to the consummation of transactions affecting the ownership or control of an insurer and of certain material transactions between an insurer and an entity in its system. In addition, certain transactions may not be consummated without the prior approval of one or more such insurance departments.
We are also required to file annually with our domiciliary state insurance regulators an enterprise risk report that identifies material risks within our system that could pose enterprise risk to our U.S. insurers, a disclosure report that identifies our corporate governance