that year.
Net premiums earned decreased $464 million, or 14.6 percent, in 2024, reflecting the factors described above.
Combined Ratio
The combined ratio decreased in 2024, reflecting higher favorable prior period development, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses.
The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2024, which contemplates a higher underwriting gain for the current crop year. This was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of lower net premiums earned, and a change in the mix of business away from products that have a lower policy acquisition cost ratio.
59
Table of Contents
Overseas General Insurance
Overseas General Insurance segment comprises Chubb International and Chubb Global Markets (CGM). Chubb International comprises our international commercial P&C traditional and specialty lines serving large corporations, middle market and small customers; A&H and traditional and specialty personal lines business serving local territories outside the U.S., Bermuda, and Canada. CGM, our London-based international commercial P&C excess and surplus lines business, includes Lloyd's of London (Lloyd's) Syndicate 2488. Chubb provides funds at Lloyd's to support underwriting by Syndicate 2488 which is managed by Chubb Underwriting Agencies Limited. Effective July 1, 2023, the Overseas General Insurance segment includes 100 percent of the results of Huatai Group's P&C business as required under consolidation accounting. We previously included our share of Huatai results based on our equity method investment within Other (income) expense.
NM – not meaningful
Net Catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development
Catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events:
•2024: Rio Grande Storms, Hurricane Helene, Hurricane Milton, and International weather-related events.
•2023: Storms in New Zealand, international weather-related events, and Hurricane Otis losses.
•2022: Hurricane Ian losses, international weather-related events, and storms in Australia.
Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development.
60
Table of Contents
(1)
2023 and 2024 include the consolidated results of Huatai P&C effective July 1, 2023.
(2)
Includes the international supplemental A&H business of Combined Insurance and other international operations.
Premiums
Overall, net premiums written increased $1,397 million in 2024, or $1,475 million on a constant-dollar basis, reflecting growth in commercial lines of 9.7 percent, or 9.8 percent on a constant-dollar basis, and growth in consumer lines of 13.3 percent, or 15.0 percent on a constant-dollar basis.
Our European division increased in 2024, supported by both our wholesale and retail divisions. The growth in commercial lines was driven by higher new business, and positive rate increases, primarily in commercial property and casualty lines. Consumer lines increased primarily due to new business growth in A&H.
Asia increased in 2024, reflecting the