the collateral may not be returned at the expiration of the agreement. If the counterparty fails to return the collateral, Chubb will have free use of the borrowed funds until our collateral is returned. In addition, we may encounter the risk that Chubb may not be able to renew outstanding borrowings with a new term or with an existing counterparty due to market conditions including a decrease in demand as well as more restrictive terms from banks due to increased regulatory and capital constraints. Should this condition occur, Chubb may seek alternative borrowing sources or reduce borrowings. Additionally, increased margins and collateral requirements due to market conditions would increase our restricted assets as we are required to provide additional collateral to support the transaction.
34
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – continued (Unaudited)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
e) Fixed maturities
At March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, commitments to purchase fixed income securities over the next several years were $
1.2
billion and $
1.3
billion, respectively.
f) Private equities
Private equities in the Consolidated balance sheets are investments in limited partnerships and partially-owned investment companies. At March 31, 2025, private equities with a carrying value of $
15.3
billion had commitments that could require funding of up to $
6.4
billion over the next several years. At December 31, 2024, these investments had a carrying value of $
14.5
billion with commitments of up to $
6.4
billion. The remaining private equities had no funding commitments.
g) Income taxes
At March 31, 2025, $
97
million of unrecognized tax benefits remain out
standing. It is reasonably possible that, over the next twelve months, the amount of unrecognized tax benefits may change resulting from the re-evaluation of unrecognized tax benefits arising from examinations by taxing authorities, settlements, and the lapses of statutes of limitations. With few exceptions, Chubb is no longer subject to income tax examinations for years before 2012
.
h) Legal proceedings
Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to claims litigation involving disputed interpretations of policy coverages and, in some jurisdictions, direct actions by allegedly-injured persons seeking damages from policyholders. These lawsuits, involving claims on policies issued by our subsidiaries which are typical to the insurance industry in general and in the normal course of business, are considered in our loss and loss expense reserves. In addition to claims litigation, we are subject to lawsuits and regulatory actions in the normal course of business that do not arise from or directly relate to claims on insurance policies. This category of business litigation typically involves, among other things, allegations of underwriting errors or misconduct, employment claims, regulatory activity, or disputes arising from our business ventures. In the opinion of management, our