Act). Yes
☐
No ☑
The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2024 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately $
103
billion. For the purposes of this computation, shares held by directors and officers of the registrant have been excluded. Such exclusion is not intended, nor shall it be deemed, to be an admission that such persons are affiliates of the registrant.
As of February 20, 2025, there were
400,412,084
Common Shares par value CHF
0.50
of the registrant outstanding.
Certain portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement relating to its 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report.
CHUBB LIMITED INDEX TO FORM 10-K
1
Table of Contents
PART I
ITEM 1.
Business
General
Chubb Limited is the Swiss-incorporated holding company of the Chubb Group of Companies. Chubb Limited, which is headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland, and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively, the Chubb Group of Companies, Chubb, we, us, or our) are a global insurance and reinsurance organization, serving the needs of a diverse group of clients worldwide. At December 31, 2024, we had total assets of $247 billion and total Chubb shareholders’ equity, which excludes noncontrolling interests, of $64 billion. Chubb was incorporated in 1985 at which time it opened its first business office in Bermuda and continues to maintain operations in Bermuda. We have grown
our business through increased premium volume, expansio
n of product offerings and geographic reach, and the acquisition of other companies, to become a global property and casualty (P&C) leader. We expanded our personal accident and supplemental health (A&H), and life insurance business with the acquisition of Cigna's business in several Asian markets in 2022. We further advanced our goal of greater product, customer, and geographical diversification with incremental purchases that led to a controlling majority interest in Huatai Insurance Group Co. Ltd (Huatai Group), a Chinese financial services holding company with separate P&C, life, and asset management subsidiaries (collectively, Huatai) on July 1, 2023. At December 31, 2024, our ownership interest in Huatai Group was approximately 85.5 percent. Refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our acquisitions.
With operations in 54 countries and territories, Chubb provides commercial and consumer P&C insurance, A&H, reinsurance, and life insurance to a diverse group of clients. We provide commercial insurance products and service offerings such as risk management programs, loss control, and engineering and complex claims management. We provide specialized insurance products ranging from Directors & Officers (D&O) and financial lines to various specialty-casualty and umbrella and excess casualty lines to niche areas such as aviation and energy. We also