liability and the exchange-traded equity futures are included in Market risk benefits gains (losses) in the Consolidated statements of operations.
d) Securities lending and secured borrowings
Chubb participates in a securities lending program operated by a third-party banking institution whereby certain assets are loaned to qualified borrowers and from which we earn an incremental return. The securities lending collateral can only be drawn down by Chubb in the event that the institution borrowing the securities is in default under the lending agreement. An indemnification agreement with the lending agent protects us in the event a borrower becomes insolvent or fails to return any of the securities on loan.
The collateral is recorded in Securities lending collateral and the liability is recorded in Securities lending payable in the Consolidated balance sheets.
The following table presents the carrying value of collateral held under securities lending agreements by investment category and remaining contractual maturity of the underlying agreements:
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, our repurchase agreement obligations of $
2,731
million and $
2,833
million, respectively, were fully collateralized. In contrast to securities lending programs, the use of cash received is not restricted for the repurchase
F-84
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
obligations. The fair value of the underlying securities sold remains in Fixed maturities available-for-sale or Other investments, and the repurchase agreement obligation is recorded in Repurchase agreements in the Consolidated balance sheets.
The following table presents the carrying value of collateral pledged under repurchase agreements by investment category and remaining contractual maturity of the underlying agreements:
(1)
Per the repurchase agreements, the amount of collateral posted is required to exceed the amount of gross liability.
Potential risks exist in our secured borrowing transactions due to market conditions and counterparty exposure. With collateral that we pledge, there is a risk that the collateral may not be returned at the expiration of the agreement. If the counterparty fails to return the collateral, Chubb will have free use of the borrowed funds until our collateral is returned. In addition, we may encounter the risk that Chubb may not be able to renew outstanding borrowings with a new term or with an existing counterparty due to market conditions including a decrease in demand as well as more restrictive terms from banks due to increased regulatory and capital constraints. Should this condition occur, Chubb may seek alternative borrowing sources or reduce borrowings. Additionally, increased margins and collateral requirements due to market conditions would increase our restricted assets as we are required to provide additional collateral to support the transaction.
e) Concentrations of credit risk
Our investment