also benefited from catastrophe reinstatement premiums.
Net premiums earned increased $73 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, reflecting the increase in net premiums written described above including catastrophe reinstatement premiums, which were fully earned when written. The increase is also due to the impact of higher new business written in the prior year for which premiums are earned in the current year.
58
Table of Contents
Combined Ratio
The combined ratio increased for the three months ended March 31, 2025, primarily reflecting higher catastrophe losses.
The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses improved for the three months ended March 31, 2025, primarily due to favorable market conditions in property and casualty lines.
Life Insurance
The Life Insurance segment comprises our international life operations, the life and asset management business of Huatai Group, Chubb Tempest Life Re (Chubb Life Re), and the North American supplemental A&H and life business of Combined Insurance.
Premiums
Net premiums written increased $87 million,
or $161 million on a
constant-dollar basis, for the three months ended March 31, 2025.
For our international life operations, net premiums written increased 3.5 percent, or 9.1 percent on a constant-dollar basis, for the three months ended March 31, 2025. This growth was primarily due to strong new business in North Asia, notably in Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Korea through broker distribution channels. Additionally, Huatai Group's life insurance business contributed through growth in agency distribution channels.
Net premiums written in our Combined Insurance business increased 17.3 percent for the three months ended March 31, 2025, due to 34.5 percent growth in worksite business.
Deposits
The following table presents deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts:
Deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts (life deposits) are not reflected as revenues in our Consolidated statements of operations in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, new life deposits are an important component of production, and although they do not significantly affect current period income from operations, they are key to our efforts to grow our
59
Table of Contents
business. Life deposits collected increased $155 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, primarily from investment linked products in Taiwan.
Life Insurance segment income
Life Insurance segment income increased $23 million, or $39 million on a constant-dollar basis, for the three months ended March 31, 2025, reflecting strong underwriting margins in A&H products, higher net investment income from growth in assets, and expense management, partially offset by higher new business strain and the absence of higher-than-expected other income totaling $8 million in the prior year period.
Corporate
Corporate results primarily include the results of our non-insurance companies, income and expenses not attributable to