and Subsidiaries
Asbestos and environmental (A&E)
Chubb's exposure to A&E claims principally arises out of liabilities acquired when it purchased Westchester Specialty in 1998, CIGNA's P&C business in 1999, and Chubb Corp in 2016.
The following table presents a roll-forward of consolidated A&E loss reserves including allocated loss expense reserves for A&E exposures, and the valuation allowance for uncollectible paid and unpaid reinsurance recoverables:
(1)
Excludes unallocated loss expenses and the net activity reflects third-party reinsurance other than the aggregate excess of loss reinsurance provided by National Indemnity Company (NICO) to Westchester Specialty (see Westchester Specialty section below)
.
The A&E net loss reserves including allocated loss expense reserves and valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance at December 31, 2024 and 2023, shown in the table above comprises:
Brandywine Run-off entities
–
The Restructuring Plan and uncertainties relating to Chubb's ultimate Brandywine exposure
In 1996, the Pennsylvania Insurance Commissioner approved a plan to restructure INA Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Restructuring) which included the division of Insurance Company of North America (INA) into two separate corporations:
(1) An active insurance company that retained the INA name and continued to write P&C business; and
(2) An inactive run-off company, now called Century Indemnity Company (Century).
As a result of the division, predominantly all A&E and certain other liabilities of INA were ascribed to Century and extinguished, as a matter of Pennsylvania law, as liabilities of INA.
As part of the Restructuring, most A&E liabilities of various U.S. affiliates of INA were reinsured to Century. Century and certain other run-off companies having A&E and other liabilities were contributed to Brandywine Holdings.
The U.S.-based Chubb INA companies assumed two contractual obligations in respect of the Brandywine operations in connection with the Restructuring: a surplus maintenance obligation in the form of the excess of loss (XOL) agreement and a dividend retention fund obligation.
F-63
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
XOL Agreement
In 1996, in connection with the Restructuring, a Chubb INA insurance subsidiary provided reinsurance coverage to Century in the amount of $
800
million under an Aggregate Excess of Loss Reinsurance Agreement (XOL Agreement), triggerable if the statutory capital and surplus of Century falls below $
25
million or if Century lacks liquid assets with which to pay claims as they become due.
Dividend Retention Fund
INA Financial Corporation established and funded a dividend retention fund (the Dividend Retention Fund) consisting of $
50
million plus investment earnings. The full balance of the Dividend Retention Fund was contributed to Century as of December 31, 2002. Under the Restructuring Order, while any obligation to