updated quarterly, and the differences between the liability balances calculated using the locked-in discount rates and the updated discount rates are recognized in Other comprehensive income (OCI). The discount rate methodology is designed to prioritize observable inputs based on market data available in the local debt markets where the respective policies were issued in the currency in which the policies are denominated. For the discount rates applicable to tenors for which the single-A debt market is not liquid or there is little or no observable market data, we use various estimation techniques, which include, but are not limited to: (i) for tenors
46
Table of Contents
where there is less observable market data and/or the observable market data is available for similar instruments, estimating tenor-specific single-A credit spreads and applying them to risk-free government rates; (ii) for tenors where there is very limited or no observable single-A or similar market data, interpolation and extrapolation techniques.
Deferred profit liabilities
Reserves for limited-payment contracts, under which benefits extend beyond the period of premium collection, also include a deferred profit liability (DPL) that represents gross premiums received in excess of expected net premiums. The amortization of DPL is included in Policy benefits on the Consolidated statements of operations, and is in relation to either the discounted amount of insurance in force for life insurance, or expected benefit payments for annuity contracts. The DPL is subject to the same best estimate assumptions used to determine future policy benefits reserves, however, there is no remeasurement of the DPL using then-current discount rates.
Sensitivities to underlying assumptions
While we believe that our future policy benefits reserves of $16.1 billion are appropriate at December 31, 2024, new information or emerging trends that impact best estimate assumptions may have a material effect on the FPBL and future operating results.
In the table below, we give an indication of the potential impact on operating results from a hypothetical change in a single assumption; we do not consider a simultaneous change in a combination of assumptions. Additionally, the table assumes a parallel global shift in best estimate assumptions; however, these may be non-parallel in practice. While we consider each of the following assumption changes to represent a reasonably likely deviation, actual development may be materially different. Further, changes in best estimate assumptions could result in impacts to the Consolidated Financial Statements that are in excess of the amounts illustrated.
The following table shows the increase or (decrease) of the FPBL as a result of changes in various best estimate assumptions:
Valuation of value of business acquired (VOBA) and amortization of VOBA
As part of the acquisition of businesses that sell long-duration contracts, such as life products, we established an