may be reduced.
The effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain.
As industry practices and legislative, regulatory, judicial, social, financial, technological and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. These issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the frequency and severity of claims. For example, "reviver" legislation in certain states allows civil claims relating to molestation to be asserted against policyholders that would otherwise be barred by statutes of limitations. As a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance or reinsurance contracts may not be known for many years after issuance.
The failure of any of the loss limitation methods we use could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
We seek to manage our loss exposure by maintaining a disciplined underwriting process throughout our insurance operations. We also look to limit our loss exposure by writing a number of our insurance and reinsurance contracts on an excess of loss basis. Excess of loss insurance and reinsurance indemnifies the insured against losses in excess of a specified amount. In addition, we limit program size for each client and purchase third-party reinsurance for our own account. We also look to limit our loss by using assumed proportional reinsurance treaties, in which we seek per occurrence limitations or loss and loss expense ratio caps to limit the impact of losses ceded by the client. In proportional reinsurance, the reinsurer shares a proportional part of the premiums and losses of the reinsured. We further seek to limit our loss exposure by geographic diversification. Geographic zone limitations involve significant underwriting judgments, including the determination of the area of the zones and the inclusion of a particular policy within a particular zone's limits.
However, there are inherent limitations in all of these tactics, and no assurance can be given against the possibility of an event or series of events that result in loss levels that have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. It is also possible that losses could manifest themselves in ways that we do not anticipate and that our risk mitigation strategies are not designed to address. Additionally, various provisions of our policies, negotiated to limit our risks, such as limitations or exclusions from coverage and choice of forum may not be enforceable in the manner we intend. As a result, one or more natural or man-made catastrophes, terrorism, or other events could result in claims that substantially exceed our expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
We may be unable to purchase reinsurance, or if we successfully purchase reinsurance, we are subject to the possibility