operations that provide high net worth personal lines products, including homeowners and complementary products such as valuable articles, excess liability, automobile, and recreational marine insurance and services in the U.S. and Canada.
Net Catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development
57
Table of Contents
Catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events:
•2024: Flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, wind events, winter storm losses, Hurricane Helene, and Hurricane Milton.
•2023: Flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, wind events, winter storm losses, and Hawaii wildfires.
•2022: Hurricane Ian losses, winter storm Elliott losses, and other severe weather-related events in the U.S., including Colorado wildfires.
Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development.
Premiums
Net premiums written increased $654 million, or 11.1 percent, in 2024, driven by strong new business and retention, including positive rate and exposure increases in all lines.
Net premiums earned increased $652 million, or 11.8 percent, in 2024, reflecting the growth in net premiums written described above.
Combined Ratio
The combined ratio decreased in 2024, reflecting higher favorable prior period development and lower catastrophe losses.
The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2024, primarily reflecting an improvement from earned rate and exposure growth. Additionally, the improvement includes lower acquisition expenses due to commission reductions in our auto and excess lines. The improvement was partly offset by an increase in excess liability loss trends.
North America Agricultural Insurance
The North America Agricultural Insurance segment comprises our North American based businesses that provide a variety of coverages in the U.S. and Canada including crop insurance, primarily Multiple Peril Crop Insurance (MPCI) and crop-hail through Rain and Hail Insurance Service, Inc. (Rain and Hail), as well as farm and ranch and specialty P&C commercial insurance products and services through our Agriculture P&C business.
NM – not meaningful
58
Table of Contents
Net catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development
Catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events:
•2024: Flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, wind events, and Hurricane Helene.
•2023: Flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, and wind events.
•2022: Hurricane Ian losses, severe weather-related events in the Chubb Agribusiness, and winter storm losses in the U.S.
Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development.
Premiums
Net premiums written decreased $485 million, or 15.2 percent, in 2024, primarily due to lower commodity prices in the current year, and higher year-over-year premium cessions to the U.S. government of $326 million. Under the profit-sharing agreement, we retained more premium in 2023 given the below average crop year and higher losses experienced in certain states