delay, deter, or prevent a change of control of Chubb, including transactions that some or all of our shareholders might consider to be desirable.
32
Table of Contents
Shareholder voting requirements under Swiss law may limit our flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management
.
Swiss law allows our shareholders to authorize the Board of Directors to issue new shares within a pre-defined range under our capital band without further shareholder approval. Because such capital band is limited in duration, the authorization must be periodically renewed by our shareholders. Swiss law also does not provide as much flexibility as other jurisdictions in the various terms that can attach to different classes of stock and reserves for approval by shareholders many corporate actions that are not reserved for shareholders in other jurisdictions, such as approval of dividends. We cannot provide assurance that Swiss law requirements relating to our capital management will not have an adverse effect on Chubb or our shareholders.
Chubb Limited is a Swiss company; it may be difficult to enforce judgments against it or its directors and executive officers.
Chubb Limited is incorporated pursuant to the laws of Switzerland. In addition, certain of our directors and officers reside outside the U.S. and all or a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of such persons are located in jurisdictions outside the U.S. As such, it may be difficult or impossible to effect service of process within the U.S. upon those persons or to recover against us or them on judgments of U.S. courts, including judgments predicated upon civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws.
Chubb has been advised by its Swiss counsel that there is doubt as to whether the courts in Switzerland would enforce:
•
judgments of U.S. courts based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws obtained in actions against it or its directors and officers, who reside outside the U.S.; or
•
original actions brought in Switzerland against these persons or Chubb predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities laws.
Chubb has also been advised by its Swiss counsel that there is no treaty in effect between the U.S. and Switzerland providing for this enforcement, and there are grounds upon which Swiss courts may not enforce judgments of U.S. courts. Some remedies available under the laws of U.S. jurisdictions, including some remedies available under the U.S. federal securities laws, would not be allowed in Swiss courts as contrary to that country's public policy.
Shareholders may be subject to Swiss withholding taxes on the payment of dividends.
Our dividends are generally subject to a Swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35 percent; however, payment of a dividend in the form of a capital contribution reserve reduction or par value reduction is not subject to Swiss withholding tax. We have previously obtained shareholder approval for dividends to be