NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – continued (Unaudited)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
(ii) Cross-currency swaps - net investment hedges
Chubb holds certain cross-currency swaps designated as net investment hedges. The objective of these cross-currency swaps is to hedge the foreign currency exposure in the net investments of certain foreign subsidiaries by converting cash flows from U.S. dollar to the British pound sterling, Japanese yen, Swiss franc, and Chinese yuan renminbi. The hedged risk is designated as the foreign currency exposure arising between the functional currency of the foreign subsidiary and the functional currency of its parent entity.
These net investment hedges are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in Cumulative translation adjustments (CTA) within OCI, and a portion reclassified to Interest expense. The mark-to-market adjustments for foreign currency changes will remain in CTA until the underlying hedge subsidiary is deconsolidated or hedge accounting is discontinued.
31
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – continued (Unaudited)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
c) Derivative instruments not designated as hedges
Derivative instruments which are not designated as hedges are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in Net realized gains (losses) or, for futures contracts on equities related to the MRB book of business, in Market risk benefits gains (losses) in the Consolidated statements of operations.
The following table presents net gains (losses) related to derivative instrument activity in the Consolidated statements of operations:
(1)
Includes embedded derivatives.
(2)
Related to MRB book of business.
(i) Foreign currency exposure management
A foreign currency forward contract (forward) is an agreement between participants to exchange specific currencies at a future date.
Chubb
uses forwards to minimize the effect of fluctuating foreign currencies as discussed above.
(ii) Duration management and market exposure
Futures
Futures contracts give the holder the right and obligation to participate in market movements, determined by the index or underlying security on which the futures contract is based. Settlement is made daily in cash by an amount equal to the change in value of the futures contract times a multiplier that scales the size of the contract. Exchange-traded futures contracts on money market instruments, notes and bonds are used in fixed maturity portfolios to more efficiently manage duration, as substitutes for ownership of the money market instruments, bonds, and notes without significantly increasing the risk in the portfolio. Investments in futures contracts may be made only to the extent that there are assets under management not otherwise committed.
Exchange-traded equity futures contracts are used to limit exposure to a severe equity market decline, which would cause an increase in expected claims and, therefore, an increase in