the safeguarding of assets against unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition.
The consolidated financial statements have been audited by an independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, which has been given access to all financial records and related data, including minutes of all meetings of the Board and committees of the Board. Chubb believes that all representations made to our independent registered public accountants during their audits were valid and appropriate.
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
The management of Chubb is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
As of December 31, 2024, management has evaluated the effectiveness of Chubb's internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective-internal control over financial reporting established in “Internal Control-Integrated Framework,” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on this e
valua
tion, management has concluded that Chubb's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audite
d the consolidated financial statements of Chubb included in this Annual Report, has issued a report on the effectiveness of Chubb's internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. The report, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of Chubb's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, is included in this Item under “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” and follows this statement.
F-3
Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Chubb Limited
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Chubb Limited and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, of shareholders' equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, including the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the