management, with the participation of Chubb’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of Chubb’s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of December 31, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, Chubb’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that Chubb’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in allowing information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to be recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to Chubb’s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
There have been no changes in Chubb's internal controls over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2024,
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Chubb's internal controls over financial reporting. Chubb's management report on internal control over financial reporting is included on page F-3 and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP's audit report is included on pages F-4 and F-5.
ITEM 9B.  Other Information
During the three months ended December 31, 2024, no director or officer of Chubb (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) informed us of the
adoption
or
termination
of a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as those terms are defined in Item 408 of SEC Regulation S-K.
On February 27, 2025, the Board of Directors (Board) amended Section 2.2.1(d) of the Organizational Regulations of Chubb Limited. The amendment reflects that the Board’s Compensation Committee is responsible for recommending to the Board the aggregate amount of director compensation to be submitted for shareholder vote at Chubb’s annual general meeting of shareholders. This role had previously been the responsibility of the Board’s Nominating & Governance Committee. A copy of the amended and restated Organizational Regulations is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2 and incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Item not applicable.
93
Table of Contents
PART III
ITEM 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Information pertaining to this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled “Agenda Item 5 - Election of the Board of Directors”, "Corporate Governance - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports", “Corporate Governance - The Board of Directors - Director Nomination Process”, “Corporate Governance - The Committees of the Board - Audit Committee
”
, and “Corporate Governance – Governance Practices and Policies that Guide Our Actions – Global Restrictions on Insider Trading and Trading Chubb Securities Policy” of the