currency translation adjustment, changes in current discount rate on future policy benefits, changes in instrument-specific credit risk on market risk benefits, unrealized postretirement benefit obligations liability adjustment, and cross-currency swaps designated as hedges for accounting purposes are reported as separate components of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in Shareholders’ equity in the Consolidated balance sheets.
The following table presents our net realized and unrealized gains (losses):
(1)
2024 includes a net decrease of the valuation allowance of expected credit losses of $86 million on fixed maturities and impairments of $94 million on fixed maturities.
(2)
2023 includes a one-time realized gain of $135 million as a result of the consolidation of Huatai Group.
Pre-tax net unrealized losses of $251 million in 2024 in our investment portfolio reflected the mark-to-market impact in the fixed income portfolio.
Pre-tax net realized gains of $117 million in 2024 mainly comprised mark-to-market gains on fixed maturities, public equities, and private equities, partially offset by net losses on sales of fixed maturities, and foreign exchange and derivative losses.
65
Table of Contents
Non-GAAP Reconciliation
In presenting our results, we included and discussed certain non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures, which may be defined differently by other companies, are important for an understanding of our overall results of operations and financial condition. However, they should not be viewed as a substitute for measures determined in accordance with GAAP.
We provide financial measures, including net premiums written, net premiums earned, segment income, and underwriting income on a constant-dollar basis. We believe it is useful to evaluate the trends in our results exclusive of the effect of fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the currencies in which our international business is transacted, as these exchange rates could fluctuate significantly between periods and distort the analysis of trends. The impact is determined by assuming constant foreign exchange rates between periods by translating prior period results using the same local currency exchange rates as the comparable current period.
P&C performance metrics comprise consolidated operating results (including Corporate) and exclude the operating results of the Life Insurance segment. We believe that these measures are useful and meaningful to investors as they are used by management to assess the company’s P&C operations which are the most economically similar. We exclude the Life Insurance segment because the results of this business do not always correlate with the results of our P&C operations.
P&C combined ratio is the sum of the loss and loss expense ratio, policy acquisition cost ratio and the administrative expense ratio excluding the life business and including the realized gains and losses on the crop derivatives. These derivatives