effects on our company.
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), European Union (EU), Swiss Federal Council, and other jurisdictions are considering, have considered, or have passed measures that might change long standing tax principles that could increase our taxes.
The OECD has published a framework for taxation that in many respects is different than long standing international tax principles. This framework, along with related administrative guidance, could redefine what income is taxed in which country and institute a 15 percent global minimum tax in 2024 or later years. To date, many EU and other countries have enacted the 15 percent global minimum tax. Switzerland has enacted aspects of these rules, effective on January 1, 2025, including the income inclusion rule but not the under taxed profits rule.
31
Table of Contents
On January 15, 2025, the OECD issued administrative guidance that, if incorporated into law, could cause additional tax to be payable to the extent the deferred tax asset we established upon enactment of Bermuda’s corporate income tax in 2023 reverses after 2026. It is uncertain at this time whether and to what extent the jurisdictions in which we operate will implement this guidance.
On January 20, 2025, President Trump issued a memorandum announcing that the OECD framework has “no force or effect in the United States” and disavowing any commitments previously made by the United States with respect to the framework. The memorandum also directs the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury to develop and present to President Trump a list of protective measures or other options towards foreign countries that are either not in compliance with any tax treaty with the United States or have tax rules that are “extraterritorial or disproportionately affect American companies.” The possible uneven enactment of the OECD framework by various jurisdictions coupled with the United States’ response to these rules could cause uncertainties to and increases in our income taxes.
Several multilateral organizations, including the EU and the OECD have, in recent years, expressed concern about some countries not participating in adequate tax information exchange arrangements and have threatened those that do not agree to cooperate with punitive sanctions by member countries. It is still unclear what all these sanctions might be, which countries might adopt them, and when or if they might be imposed. We cannot provide assurance that the Tax Information Exchange Agreements (TIEAs) that have been entered into by Switzerland and Bermuda will be sufficient to preclude the sanctions described above, which, if ultimately adopted, could adversely affect us.
Shareholders
There are provisions in our charter documents that may reduce the voting rights and diminish the value of our Common Shares.
Our Articles of Association generally provide that shareholders have one vote for each Common Share held by them and are entitled to vote at