Internationally Active Insurance Groups (ComFrame), which is focused on the effective group-wide supervision of international active insurance groups (IAIGs), such as Chubb. The IAIS also implements the Holistic Framework for the assessment and mitigation of systemic risk. As part of ComFrame, in December 2024, the IAIS adopted an international capital standard (ICS) for such IAIGs and concluded that the Aggregation Method developed by the U.S. provides a basis for implementation of the ICS to produce comparable outcomes. Starting in 2027, the IAIS will initiate detailed jurisdictional assessments of ICS implementation. In addition, Chubb businesses across the European Union (EU) are subject to Solvency II, a capital and risk management regime, and our Bermuda businesses are subject to an equivalent of the EU's Solvency II regime. Also applicable to Chubb businesses are the requirements of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) whose regulations include Swiss Solvency Tests. There are also Risk Based Capital (RBC) requirements in the U.S., which are also subject to revision in response to global developments. The impact to Chubb of these developments remains uncertain.
Furthermore, governments, regulators, investors, customers, and other stakeholders have increased their focus on climate change risk reporting. A variety of governments and regulators have adopted or are in the process of adopting climate change and greenhouse gas emissions disclosure requirements to which Chubb and certain of its individual subsidiaries are or will be subject in the future. Chubb also receives requests for information from investors, customers and other stakeholders from time
27
Table of Contents
to time on various aspects of its policies and strategies relating to climate change. This has resulted in expanded and increasingly complex expectations related to reporting under multiple, various, disparate and potentially inconsistent reporting requirements, increased due diligence, and potential requirements for the reporting of scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions. Responding to such disclosure requirements and requests involves risks and uncertainties, including dependence in part on estimates and third-party data that are outside our control. New reporting standards, regulations and requirements with various aims and goals could expose us to legal, regulatory, investor and other stakeholder scrutiny, and customers that disagree with our actions or reporting on climate change may determine not to do business with us, all of which may adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operations.
Evolving privacy, data security, and artificial intelligence (AI) regulations could adversely affect our business.
We are subject to numerous U.S. federal and state laws and non-U.S. laws and regulations governing the protection of personal and confidential information of our clients and employees, including in relation to medical records, credit card