policies. This category of business litigation typically involves, among other things, allegations of underwriting errors or misconduct, employment claims, regulatory activity, or disputes arising from our business ventures. In the opinion of management, our ultimate liability for these matters could be, but we believe is not likely to be, material to our consolidated financial condition and results of operations.
j) Lease commitments
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the right-of-use asset was $
824
million and $
784
million, respectively, recorded within
Other assets,
and the lease liability was $
942
million and $
832
million, respectively, recorded within
Accounts payable, accrued expenses
, and other liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. These leases consist principally of real estate operating leases that are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, which expire at various dates. As of December 31, 2024, the weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for the operating leases was
13.3
years and
4.6
percent, respectively. Rent expense was $
214
million, $
181
million, and $
161
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Future minimum lease payments under the operating leases are expected to be as follows:
As of December 31, 2024, we have a lease commitment for office space that is not yet recorded on our Consolidated balance sheet and is not included in the total obligations referenced above. The lease is expected to commence in 2025 with an initial term of approximately 23 years. Total cash requirements are estimated at approximately $
400
million over the term of the lease.
F-86
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
15.
Shareholders’ equity
a) Common Shares
All of Chubb’s Common Shares are authorized under Swiss corporate law. Though the par value of Common Shares is stated in Swiss francs, Chubb continues to use U.S. dollars as its reporting currency for preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements. Under Swiss corporate law, we are generally prohibited from issuing Common Shares below their par value. If there were a need to raise common equity at a time when the trading price of Chubb's Common Shares is below par value, we would need in advance to obtain shareholder approval to decrease the par value of the Common Shares.
Dividend approval
At our May 2024 annual general meeting, our shareholders approved an annual dividend for the following year of up to $
3.64
per share, expected to be paid in four quarterly installments of $
0.91
per share after the annual general meeting by way of distribution from capital contribution reserves, transferred to free reserves for payment. The Board of Directors (Board) will determine the record and payment dates at which the annual dividend may be paid until the date of the 2025 annual general meeting, and is authorized to abstain from