basis, which is achieved by assuming constant foreign exchange rates for all periods in the loss triangles, translating prior period amounts using the same local currency exchange rates as the current year end. The impact of this conversion is to show the change between periods exclusive of the effect of fluctuations in exchange rates, which would otherwise distort the change in incurred loss and cash flow patterns shown. The change in incurred loss shown will differ from other U.S. GAAP disclosures of incurred prior period reserve development amounts, which include the effect of fluctuations in exchanges rates.
We provided guidance above on key assumptions that should be considered when reviewing this disclosure and information relating to how loss reserve estimates are developed. We believe the information provided in the “Loss Development Tables” section of the disclosure is of limited use for independent analysis or application of standard actuarial estimations.
Cumulative Number of Reported Claims
Reported claim counts, on a cumulative basis, are provided to the far right of each incurred loss development table. In our North America segments, we generally consider a reported claim to be one claim per coverage per claimant. In our Overseas General Insurance segment, we generally consider a reported claim to be on a per occurrence basis. Global Reinsurance segment’s portfolio comprises a mix of proportional and non-proportional treaties. The proportional treaties are reported on a bulk basis and do not lend themselves to meaningful claim count data. As such, we do not provide claim count information for our Global Reinsurance segment.
We exclude claims closed without payment. Claims are counted on a direct basis without consideration of ceded reinsurance. Use of the presented claim counts in analysis of company experience has significant limitations, including:
•
Claims for certain events and/or product lines, such as portions of our A&H business, are not reported on an individual basis, but rather in bulk and thus not available for inclusion in this disclosure.
•
Each segment typically has a mixture of primary and excess experience which has shifted over time.
•
Captive business, especially in Workers' Compensation and Liability, largely represents fronted business where our net exposure to loss is minimal; however, since the claim count is based on direct claims, there is a mismatch between direct claims and net loss dollars, the extent of which varies by accident year
.
Reported claim counts include open claims which have case reserves but exclude claims that have been incurred but not reported. As such the reported claims are not consistent with the incurred losses in the triangle, which include incurred but not reported losses. One can calculate reported losses by subtracting incurred but not reported losses from incurred losses in the triangle. Reported claim counts are also inconsistent with losses in the paid loss triangle, since