for a major cybersecurity incident detection and response company. Prior to that, our CISO was an executive leader within the information security practice and a technical architect with two global accounting firms. Our CTO has extensive experience as a chief technology officer in digital-first environments and was previously the chief technology officer of a large global bank, responsible for the bank’s core infrastructure, end-user technology, production support, group architecture, cloud technology, and software license management. Our CTO holds a master’s degree in geographical information systems and a bachelor’s degree in artificial intelligence and computer science. Chubb management also benefits from the advice provided by a Cyber Advisory Board of external experts. The members of the Cyber Advisory Board have extensive experience and deep expertise on cybersecurity matters, several having served in senior government positions with executive responsibility for identifying and mitigating cyber threats across the globe.
Chubb management continues to prioritize investments in cybersecurity to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. In accordance with our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, we have deployed a set of cybersecurity controls to
35
Table of Contents
protect Chubb. We also maintain a data security incident response plan, applied at an enterprise level, to facilitate our ability to rapidly detect and address data security incidents with the goals of: (i) minimizing risk to data and systems; (ii) quickly recovering and resuming operations; (iii) where applicable, providing timely notice of an incident to regulators and providing timely notice and remediation services to affected individuals; (iv) minimizing potential brand damage; (v) managing litigation, investigations, and disputes that may arise in the aftermath of an incident; and (vi) identifying opportunities to enhance Chubb’s data security approach. Consistent with our incident response plan, the CISO informs the Chief Privacy Officer, who is a member of our legal team, and they notify other members of management of significant cybersecurity incidents and provide them with regular updates on the status of such incidents, including mitigation, remediation, and steps to avoid recurrence.
ITEM 2.  Properties
We maintain office facilities around the world including in North America, China, Europe (including our principal executive offices in Switzerland), Bermuda, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and Japan. Most of our office facilities are leased, although we own major facilities in Hamilton, Bermuda; Seoul, South Korea; Beijing and Shanghai, China; and in the U.S., including in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Wilmington, Delaware; and Simsbury, Connecticut. Management considers its office facilities suitable and adequate for the current level of operations.
ITEM 3.  Legal Proceedings
The information required with respect to Item 3 is included in Note