functional currency of the foreign subsidiary and the functional currency of its parent entity.
These net investment hedges are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in Cumulative translation adjustments (CTA) within OCI, and a portion reclassified to Interest expense. The mark-to-market adjustments for foreign currency changes will remain in CTA until the underlying hedge subsidiary is deconsolidated or hedge accounting is discontinued.
F-82
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
c) Derivative instruments not designated as hedges
Derivative instruments which are not designated as hedges are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in
Net realized gains (losses) or, for futures contracts on equities related to the MRB book of business, in Market risk benefits gains (losses)
in the Consolidated statements of operations.
The following table presents net gains (losses) related to derivative instrument activity in the Consolidated statements of operations:
(1)
Includes embedded derivatives.
(2)
Related to MRB book of business.
(i) Foreign currency exposure management
A foreign currency forward contract (forward) is an agreement between participants to exchange specific currencies at a future date.
Chubb
uses forwards to minimize the effect of fluctuating foreign currencies as discussed above.
(ii) Duration management and market exposure
Futures
Futures contracts give the holder the right and obligation to participate in market movements, determined by the index or underlying security on which the futures contract is based. Settlement is made daily in cash by an amount equal to the change in value of the futures contract times a multiplier that scales the size of the contract. Exchange-traded futures contracts on money market instruments, notes, and bonds are used in fixed maturity portfolios to more efficiently manage duration, as substitutes for ownership of the money market instruments, bonds, and notes without significantly increasing the risk in the portfolio. Investments in futures contracts may be made only to the extent that there are assets under management not otherwise committed.
Exchange-traded equity futures contracts are used to limit exposure to a severe equity market decline, which would cause an increase in expected claims and, therefore, an increase in market risk benefit reserves.
Options
An option contract conveys to the holder the right, but not the obligation, to purchase or sell a specified amount or value of an underlying security at a fixed price. Option contracts are used in our investment portfolio as protection against unexpected shifts in interest rates, which would affect the duration of the fixed maturity portfolio. By using options in the portfolio, the overall interest rate sensitivity of the portfolio can be reduced. Option contracts may also be used as an alternative to futures contracts in the synthetic strategy as