expected future cash flows is equal to or greater than the amortized cost basis, management will conclude an expected credit loss does not exist.
Management reviews credit losses and the valuation allowance for expected credit losses each quarter. When all or a portion of a fixed maturity security is identified to be uncollectible and written off, the valuation allowance for expected credit losses is reduced. In general, a security is considered uncollectible no later than when all efforts to collect contractual cash flows have been exhausted. Below are considerations for when a security may be deemed uncollectible:
•
We have sufficient information to determine that the issuer of the security is insolvent;
•
We receive notice that the issuer of the security has filed for bankruptcy, and the collectability is expected to be adversely impacted by the bankruptcy;
•
The issuer of a security has violated multiple debt covenants;
•
Amounts have been past due for a specified period of time with no response from the issuer;
•
A significant deterioration in the value of the collateral has occurred; and
•
We have received correspondence from the issuer of the security indicating that it does not intend to pay the contractual principal and interest.
Prior to the transfer of our entire held-to-maturity (HTM) portfolio to the AFS portfolio in 2023, HTM securities were evaluated for potential credit loss on a collective pool basis quarterly. Chubb pooled HTM securities and calculated the current expected credit loss for each pool using Moody's corporate bond default average, corporate bond recovery rate, and an economic cycle multiplier based on the leading economic index adjusted for a forward-looking economic outlook.
We elected to not measure an allowance for accrued investment income as uncollectible balances are written off in a timely manner, typically
30
to
45
days after uncollected balances are due.
Private debt held-for-investment
Private debt held-for-investment relates principally to investments in the funding of public and private projects that are mostly infrastructure related and were acquired as part of Huatai’s investment portfolio upon consolidation. They have stated interest rates and maturity dates with fixed or determinable payments. Private debt held-for-investment are carried at amortized cost, net of a valuation allowance for credit losses. Management evaluates current expected credit losses (CECL) for all Private debt held-for-investment each quarter on a collective pool basis using S&P's corporate bond default average, corporate bond recovery rate, and an economic cycle multiplier. Interest income is recorded when earned within Net investment income on the Consolidated statements of operations.
Private equities
Private equities principally consist of Investment funds, limited partnerships, and partially owned investment companies.
Investment funds and limited partnerships
Investment funds, limited partnerships, and all other