hardware. These processes include contractual controls as well as risk-based diligence processes, periodic assessments, and monitoring. Chubb recognizes the growing risk associated with third-party hardware, software, and services, and we have taken steps we believe are appropriate to manage those risks. We review third-party software and hardware in our environment to understand the components used and what impact they could have on our overall cyber risk environment.
To our knowledge, and as of the filing date on this annual report, risks from cybersecurity threats, including potential risks arising from previous cybersecurity incidents, have not materially affected, nor are they reasonably likely to materially affect Chubb’s business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. For more detail regarding cybersecurity threats, see our risk factor titled “A failure in our operational systems or infrastructure or those of third parties, including due to security breaches or cyber-attacks, could disrupt business, damage our reputation, and cause losses” under Item 1A.
Board and Management Governance
We have cybersecurity and information technology oversight at the Board and management levels. Direct Chubb Board-level oversight is generally within the purview of two of the Board’s committees: Audit and Risk & Finance.
The Audit Committee is responsible for oversight of our cybersecurity program and related exposures and risks. The Audit Committee periodically reports to the full Board and consults with the Risk & Finance Committee on such matters. The Audit Committee’s review and oversight generally encompasses data breach risk and impact, cyber protection and detection controls, privacy matters, third-party risks (including risks from cybersecurity threats associated with any third-party service providers), cyber trends and events, and other topics. The Risk & Finance Committee is responsible for oversight of risk generally and identifying significant risks, which may include risks relating to cybersecurity and privacy, business continuity risk (including the resilience of IT operations and physical infrastructure) and cyber underwriting risk. The oversight responsibilities of the Audit and Risk & Finance Committees with respect to cyber security and information technology risks are each set forth in their respective charters. Members of management, including our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) and Global Chief Technology Officer (CTO), regularly provide updates to these committees in person and through written reports. The Audit and Risk & Finance Committees also conduct a joint meeting on ERM matters, which includes coverage of strategic risk priorities, as well as Chubb’s actions and mitigation efforts in response to such risks.
The management-level responsibility for assessing and managing cybersecurity risk is led by our CISO and CTO. Prior to joining Chubb in 2015, our CISO was Director of the threat analytics platform