presentation
Chubb Limited is a holding company incorporated in Zurich, Switzerland. Chubb Limited, through its subsidiaries, provides a broad range of insurance and reinsurance products to insureds worldwide. Our results are reported through the following business segments: North America Commercial P&C Insurance, North America Personal P&C Insurance, North America Agricultural Insurance, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance, and Life Insurance. Refer to Note 16 for additional information.
The interim unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Chubb Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, Chubb, we, us, or our), over which Chubb exercises control, including Huatai Group, our majority-owned subsidiary, and minority-owned entities such as variable interest entities (VIEs) in which Chubb is considered the primary beneficiary. Noncontrolling interests on the Consolidated Financial Statements represent the portion of majority-owned subsidiaries and VIEs in which we do not have direct equity ownership. These interim unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the results and financial position for such periods. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions, including internal reinsurance transactions, have been eliminated.
The results of operations and cash flows for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full year. These Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included in our 2024 Form 10-K.
b)
Goodwill
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, Goodwill increased $
137
million, primarily reflecting the impact of foreign exchange.
c)
New Accounting Pronouncements
Accounting guidance not yet adopted
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued guidance that requires expanded income tax disclosures, including the disaggregation of existing disclosures related to the tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. The guidance is effective for our 2025 annual reporting. Prospective application is required, with retrospective application permitted. We are evaluating the impact of this disclosure-only requirement.
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
In November 2024, the FASB issued guidance that requires disclosure of specified information about certain costs and expenses in the notes to the financial statements. The guidance is effective for our 2027 annual reporting, and interim reporting periods beginning in 2028. Prospective application is required, with retrospective application permitted. We are evaluating the impact of this disclosure-only requirement.
2.
Acquisitions
Liberty Mutual's P&C Insurance Businesses in Thailand and Vietnam
On