seeking information concerning business practices, such as underwriting, claims handling, loss
15
Table of Contents
experience, and insurance availability. Moreover, many recent factors, such as consequences of and reactions to industry and economic conditions and focus on domestic issues, have contributed to the potential for change in the legal and regulatory framework applicable to Chubb's U.S. operations and businesses. We cannot assure that changes in laws, regulations, or investigative or enforcement activities in the various states in the U.S. will not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or business practices.
We are subject to numerous U.S. federal and state laws governing the protection of personal and confidential information of our clients and employees. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity, and the requirements are extensive and detailed. Numerous states require us to certify our compliance with their data protection laws.
We are subject to the New York Department of Financial Services’ (NYDFS) Cybersecurity Regulation which mandates detailed cybersecurity standards and other obligations for all institutions, including insurance entities, authorized by the NYDFS to operate in New York. Among the requirements are the maintenance of a cybersecurity program with governance controls, risk-based minimum data security standards for technology systems, cyber breach preparedness and response requirements, including reporting obligations, vendor oversight, training, program record keeping, audit and risk assessment requirements, and certification obligations. Because our North America systems are integrated, our companies domiciled in other states may also be impacted by this regulation.
Additionally, the NAIC adopted an Insurance Data Security Model Law, which requires licensed insurance entities to comply with detailed information security requirements. The NAIC model law is similar in many respects to the NYDFS Cybersecurity Regulation.
The NAIC has also adopted a Model Bulletin on the Use of Artificial Intelligence Systems by Insurers. This is intended to be a template for state regulators to use when issuing guidance about AI governance, risk management controls, internal audit functions, and third-party systems. The Model Bulletin also advises insurers of the information and documentation that insurance regulators may request during exams and investigation of insurers' AI systems, including third-party AI systems. This bulletin has been adopted by nineteen (19) state insurance departments, with four additional state insurance departments having announced a draft version of the bulletin or their intention to adopt the bulletin, and this in turn will impact our use of artificial intelligence tools in our business operations.
Bermuda Operations
The Insurance Act 1978 of Bermuda and related regulations, as amended (the Insurance Act), regulates the insurance business of our