grant date fair value of $
289.69
each. Each service-based restricted stock unit and performance stock unit represents our obligation to deliver to the holder one Common Share upon vesting (or the end of the deferral period, if the unit is under the Chubb Deferred Stock Unit Plan).
38
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – continued (Unaudited)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
14.
Postretirement benefits
The components of net pension and other postretirement benefit costs (benefits) reflected in Net income in the Consolidated statements of operations were as follows:
The line items in which the service cost and non-service cost (benefit) components of net periodic cost (benefit) are included in the Consolidated statements of operations were as follows:
39
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – continued (Unaudited)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
15.
Other income and expense
Equity in net income of partially-owned entities includes our share of net income or loss, both underlying operating income and mark-to-market movement, related to partially-owned investment companies (private equity) where we own more than three percent, and partially-owned insurance companies. This line item includes mark-to-market gains (losses) on private equities of $(
27
) million and $
103
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Also included in Other income and expense are gains (losses) from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account treatment under U.S. GAAP. The offsetting movement in the separate account liabilities is included in Policy benefits in the Consolidated statements of operations.
Asset management and performance fee revenue and expense primarily relate to the management of third-party assets by Huatai's asset management business, which is unrelated to Huatai Group's core insurance operations. These revenues and expenses are recognized in the period in which the services are performed and, for certain asset performance fees, to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur.
Certain federal excise and capital taxes incurred as a result of capital management initiatives are included in Other income and expense as these are considered capital transactions and are excluded from underwriting results. Bad debt expense for uncollectible premiums is also included in Other income and expense.
16.
Segment information
Chubb operates through six business segments: North America Commercial P&C Insurance, North America Personal P&C Insurance, North America Agricultural Insurance, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance, and Life Insurance. These segments distribute their products through various forms of brokers, agencies, and direct marketing programs. All business segments have established relationships with reinsurance intermediaries.
Segment performance is reviewed by the Chief Executive Officer of Chubb Ltd, our