U.S. tax and Bermuda tax which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and shareholders' equity.
Chubb Limited and our non-U.S. subsidiaries operate such that none of these companies should be subject to U.S. tax (other than U.S. excise tax on insurance and reinsurance premium income attributable to insuring or reinsuring U.S. risks and U.S. withholding tax on some types of U.S. source investment income), because none of these companies should be treated as engaged in a trade or business within the U.S. However, because there is considerable uncertainty as to the activities that constitute being engaged in a trade or business within the U.S., we cannot be certain that the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) will not contend successfully that Chubb Limited or its non-U.S. subsidiaries are engaged in a trade or business in the U.S. If Chubb Limited or any of its non-U.S. subsidiaries were considered to be engaged in a trade or business in the U.S., such entity could be subject to U.S. corporate income and branch profits taxes on the portion of its earnings effectively connected to such U.S. business, in which case our results of operations and our shareholders' equity could be adversely affected.
Historically, our Bermuda operations have not been subject to Bermuda income tax. However, on December 27, 2023, the Government of Bermuda enacted a 15 percent income tax effective January 1, 2025.
The new Bermuda income tax will be a covered tax under the OECD’s global minimum tax regime discussed in our Risk Factor below titled “The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), European Union (EU), Swiss Federal Council, and other jurisdictions are considering, have considered, or have passed measures that might change long standing tax principles that could increase our taxes.” Therefore, we would expect any implementation of the OECD global minimum tax regime to count any current Bermuda income tax toward such OECD minimum tax.
The imposition of the Bermuda corporate income tax will increase our effective tax rate and cash taxes paid beginning in 2025.
We could be adversely affected by certain features of the Inflation Reduction Act.
On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) of 2022 (H.R. 5376). Key tax provisions included in the Inflation Reduction Act include a 15 percent corporate alternative minimum tax (CAMT) on adjusted financial statement income for corporations with average profits over $1 billion, and a 1 percent excise tax on repurchases of corporate stock. The CAMT and the excise tax on share repurchases are effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. Since enactment, the IRS and U.S. Treasury Department have issued final and proposed regulations and notices, interpreting and implementing the new provisions. Guidance on rules implementing the Inflation Reduction Act is not yet final in some areas; there are many uncertainties relating to its ultimate application and