reasonable efforts to protect these proprietary rights, including various trade secret and trademark laws. We intend to retain material trademark rights in perpetuity, so long as it satisfies the use and registration requirements of applicable countries. One or more of the trademarks and trade names could be material to our ability to sell our products and services. We have taken appropriate steps to protect our ownership of key names, and we believe it is unlikely that anyone would be able to prevent us from using names in places or circumstances material to our operations.
Human Capital Management
Global Workforce
At Chubb, our employees are central to our commitment to deliver excellence in all we do, to provide exceptional service for our customers and business partners, and to be there when our customers need us most.
We operate in 54 countries and territories and our global workforce of 43,000 employees is geographically dispersed with 39 percent in North America, 38 percent in Asia, 13 percent in Latin America and 10 percent in Europe, Eurasia, and Africa. The average age of our workforce is 41 years, and the average tenure is 7.4 years.
Our success depends on diversity of opportunity and capability — our mix of products, our geographic reach, our presence across the world’s many cultures, and our effort and ability to attract, develop, and retain the very best talent, wherever we operate, without regard to color, gender, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation or any other personal characteristic unrelated to work responsibilities.
Chubb Culture
Our culture supports a consistency in how we approach our business and how we work together in our company towards a common objective. We are clear about what it takes to succeed at Chubb — professionalism, skill and craftsmanship, and a commitment to execution excellence, both individually and as a team. We foster an environment where frank, yet respectful communication thrives, driven by a shared vision and pride that unites us for a greater good. We expect decisions about hiring, career opportunities, development, promotion, and compensation to be based on merit and free from bias related to individual differences.
3
Table of Contents
Human Capital Management Measures
We have multiple measures of human capital management, including how well we are doing in providing opportunity for everyone to succeed:
•
Women lead lines of business that account for 40 percent of our global premium, lead several of our key global functions (including Enterprise Risk Management, Operations and Technology, Human Resources and Communications) and hold about a third of our executive level manager roles, as well as more than 40 percent of the next most senior manager roles.
•
Our business leaders reflect the ethnic diversity of our global footprint. The most senior executives who lead the company’s largest businesses and functions come from Ecuador, Argentina, Australia, the U.K., Korea, Canada, China, Chile, South