the dollar change in the cumulative total shareholder return on Chubb's Common Shares from December 31, 2019, through December 31, 2024, as compared to the cumulative total return of the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index and the cumulative total return of the Standard & Poor's Property-Casualty Insurance Index. The cumulative total shareholder return is a concept used to compare the performance of a company's stock over time and is the ratio of the stock price change plus the cumulative amount of dividends over the specified time period (assuming dividend reinvestment), to the stock price at the beginning of the time period. The chart depicts the value on December 31, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024, of a $100 investment made on December 31, 2019, with all dividends reinvested.
ITEM 6.  [Reserved]
Item not applicable.
38
Table of Contents
ITEM 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following is a discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, and comparisons between 2024 and 2023. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes, under Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Comparisons between 2023 and 2022 have been omitted from this Form 10-K, but can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023.
All comparisons in this discussion are to the prior year unless otherwise indicated. All dollar amounts are rounded. However, percent changes and ratios are calculated using whole dollars. Accordingly, calculations using rounded dollars may differ.
39
Table of Contents
Forward-Looking Statements
The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a “safe harbor” for forward-looking statements. Any written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf may include forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could, should potential events occur, cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. These risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which are described in more detail elsewhere herein and in other documents we file with the SEC, include but are not limited to:
•
actual amount of new and renewal business, premium rates, underwriting margins, market acceptance of our products, and risks associated with the introduction of new products and services and entering new markets; the competitive environment in which we operate, including trends in pricing or in policy terms and conditions, which may differ from our projections, and changes in market conditions that could render our business strategies ineffective or obsolete;
•
losses arising out of natural or man-made