responsible for overseeing the global sustainability program is the Global Climate Officer (GCO). The GCO reports to both the CEO, who approves the goals and objectives of the sustainability program, and Chubb's General Counsel. The GCO has executive management responsibility for Chubb's climate-related strategies, including business and policy initiatives and coordination with the Chief Risk Officer and Chief Underwriting Officer regarding the execution of related underwriting and portfolio management processes.
18
Table of Contents
The potential impacts of climate change on the insurance industry, including Chubb, are complex, myriad and will develop over a multi-year time horizon. These risks primarily include physical risks, transition risks and liability risks. Physical risks arise from direct weather–related events, such as floods, storms and wildfire and these risks may increase insurance claims.
Our insurance contracts are typically renewable annually. Consequently, we can respond to changes as needed by adjusting our pricing or by restricting our exposure.
As described in "Catastrophe Management" under Item 7, Chubb uses catastrophe models to quantify natural catastrophe risk for product pricing and portfolio management purposes. Based on science and our own experience to date, we have conducted extensive work to understand the potential impact of climate change on our risk profile. These findings actively inform our underwriting risk appetite for property-related exposures for wild-fire, where we have significantly reduced our business in certain western states, and other perils such as flood and hurricane.
Chubb regularly applies exclusions as part of its underwriting process, which depend on the specific conditions and circumstances of the risk being evaluated. Those exclusions may reflect risk-based environmental and climate-related considerations, such as restricted participation in certain industries, including mining and reclamation operations, oil refining, pipeline and related distribution operations, and chemical manufacturing and distribution. Chubb adopted a policy limiting underwriting in companies involved in thermal coal and projects involving direct mining or in-situ extraction and processing of bitumen from oil sands. Chubb also introduced underwriting criteria for oil and gas extraction and midstream projects which require reduction of methane emissions and is supporting clients with Chubb’s Methane Resource Hub which offers clients information and insights for measuring and mitigating methane emissions. We also introduced underwriting criteria for cement manufacturing, with the expectation that insureds source at least 30 percent of their kiln heat capacity from fuel sources that are not coal or petcoke. Additionally, we continue to assess our investment in carbon–intensive industries and plans for transitioning to a lower–carbon economy. As part of this assessment, Chubb has pledged to not make new debt or equity