derivative transactions. In addition, Chubb, from time to time, purchases to be announced mortgage-backed securities (TBAs) as part of its investing activities.
As a global company, Chubb entities transact business in multiple currencies. Our policy is to generally match assets, liabilities, and required capital for each individual jurisdiction in local currency, which would include the use of derivatives discussed below. Some of Chubb's derivatives satisfy hedge accounting requirements, as discussed below. We also consider economic hedging for planned cross border transactions.
The following table presents the balance sheet location, fair value in an asset or (liability) position, and notional value/payment provision of our derivative instruments:
(1)
Includes fair value of embedded derivatives.
(2)
Related to MRB book of business.
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, net derivative liabilities of $
199
million and $
115
million, respectively, included in the table above were subject to a master netting agreement. The remaining derivatives included in the table above were not subject to a master netting agreement.
F-81
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
b) Hedge accounting
We designate certain derivatives as fair value hedges and net investment hedges for accounting purposes to hedge foreign currency exposure associated with portions of our euro denominated debt and the net investment in certain foreign subsidiaries, respectively. These derivatives comprise cross-currency swaps, which are agreements under which two counterparties exchange interest payments and principal denominated in different currencies at a future date. These hedges have been and are expected to be highly effective.
(i) Cross-currency swaps - fair value hedges
Chubb holds certain cross-currency swaps designated as fair value hedges. The objective of these cross-currency swaps is to hedge the foreign currency risk on €
1.5
billion, or approximately $
1.6
billion at December 31, 2024, of euro denominated debt by converting cash flows back into the U.S. dollar.
These hedges are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in Other comprehensive income (OCI). The gains or losses on the fair value hedges offsetting the foreign currency remeasurement on the hedged euro denominated senior notes are reclassified from OCI into Net realized gains (losses), and an additional portion is reclassified into Interest expense as follows:
(ii) Cross-currency swaps - net investment hedges
Chubb holds certain cross-currency swaps designated as net investment hedges. The objective of these cross-currency swaps is to hedge the foreign currency exposure in the net investments of certain foreign subsidiaries by converting cash flows from U.S. dollar to the British pound sterling, Japanese yen, Swiss fr
anc, and Chinese yuan renminbi. The hedge
d risk is designated as the foreign currency exposure arising between the