increase was partially offset by higher favorable prior period development.
The P&C CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2025, reflecting an improvement from earned rate and exposure exceeding loss trends, the favorable impact of higher net premiums earned, and the favorable impact of lower year-over-year large-structured transactions, which benefited the current year loss ratio, but had a partially offsetting unfavorable impact to the expense ratio.
Policy benefits
Policy benefits represent losses on contracts classified as long-duration and generally include accident and supplemental health products, term and whole life products, endowment products, and annuities. Policy benefits include (gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account liabilities that do not qualify for separate account treatment under U.S. GAAP. The offsetting movements of these liabilities are recorded in Other (income) expense in the Consolidated statements of operations. In addition, Policy benefits include the impact on the liabilities from (gains) losses on investment portfolios supporting certain participating policies. The offsetting movements of these liabilities are recorded in Realized gains (losses) in the Consolidated statements of operations. Refer to the Life Insurance segment operating results section for further discussion.
Policy benefits were $1,227 million and $1,180 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Refer to the respective sections that follow for a discussion of Net investment income, Other (income) expense, Net realized gains (losses), Interest expense, Amortization of purchased intangibles, and Income tax expense.
51
Table of Contents
We operate through six business segments: North America Commercial P&C Insurance, North America Personal P&C Insurance, North America Agricultural Insurance, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance, and Life Insurance. For more information on our segments refer to “Segment Information” under Item 1 in our 2024 Form 10-K.
North America Commercial P&C Insurance
The North America Commercial P&C Insurance segment comprises operations that provide P&C insurance and services to large, middle market, and small commercial businesses in the U.S., Canada, and Bermuda. This segment includes our North America Major Accounts and Specialty Insurance division (large corporate accounts and wholesale business), and the North America Commercial Insurance division (principally middle market, and small commercial accounts).
NM - Not meaningful
Catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events:
2025: California wildfire losses of $99 million, flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, and wind events.
2024: Flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, wind events, and winter storm losses.
Refer to Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development.
52
Table of Contents
Premiums
Net premiums