financial condition, results of operations, and our liquidity. Given the various considerations used to estimate our uncollectible valuation allowance, we cannot precisely quantify the effect a specific industry event may have on the valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance. However, based on the composition (particularly the average credit quality) of the reinsurance recoverable balance at December 31, 2024, we estimate that a ratings downgrade of one notch for all rated reinsurers (e.g., from A to A- or A- to BBB+) could increase our valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance by approximately $54 million or approximately 0.3 percent of the gross reinsurance recoverable balance, assuming no other changes relevant to the calculation. While a ratings downgrade would result in an increase in our valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance and a charge to earnings in that period, a downgrade in and of itself does not imply that we will be unable to collect all of the ceded reinsurance recoverable from the reinsurers in question. Refer to Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under item 8, for additional information.
Fair value measurements
Accounting guidance defines fair value as the price to sell an asset or transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy based on the reliability of the inputs. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (Level 1 inputs) and the lowest priority to unobservable data (Level 3 inputs). Level 2 includes inputs, other than quoted prices within Level 1, that are observable for assets or liabilities either directly or indirectly. Refer to Note 4 and Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under item 8, for information on our fair value measurements.
Assessment of investment portfolio credit losses
Each quarter, we evaluate expected credit losses (ECL) for fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale. Because our investment portfolio is the largest component of consolidated assets, ECL could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Refer to Notes 1 f) and 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under item 8, for more information.
Deferred income taxes
At December 31, 2024, the Consolidated balance sheet reflects a deferred tax asset of $1.60 billion and a deferred tax liability of $1.58 billion. Our deferred tax assets and liabilities primarily result from temporary differences between the amounts
50
Table of Contents
recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities. We determine deferred tax assets and liabilities separately for each tax-paying component (an individual entity or group of entities that is consolidated for tax purposes) in each tax jurisdiction. The realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income