credit rating:
(1)
Includes fixed maturities
recorded in Other investments in the Consolidated balance sheets of $6.3 billion and $3.8 billion at  December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Corporate and asset-backed securities
The following table presents our 10 largest global exposures to corporate bonds by fair value at December 31, 2024:
73
Table of Contents
Mortgage-backed securities
The following table shows the fair value and amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our mortgage-backed securities:
Municipal
As part of our overall investment strategy, we may invest in states, municipalities, and other political subdivisions fixed maturity securities (Municipal). We apply the same investment selection process described previously to our Municipal investments. The portfolio is highly diversified primarily in state general obligation bonds and essential service revenue bonds including education and utilities (water, power, and sewers).
Non-U.S.
Chubb’s local currency investment portfolios have strict contractual investment guidelines requiring managers to maintain a high quality and diversified portfolio to both sector and individual issuers. Investment portfolios are monitored daily to ensure investment manager compliance with portfolio guidelines.
Our non-U.S. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of our non-U.S. operations. The average credit quality of our non-U.S. fixed income securities is A/A and 39 percent of our holdings are rated AAA or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies. Within the context of these investment portfolios, our government and corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. Issuer limits are based on credit rating (AA—two percent, A—one percent, BBB—0.5 percent of the total portfolio) and are monitored daily via an internal compliance system. We manage our indirect exposure using the same credit rating-based investment approach. Accordingly, we do not believe our indirect exposure is material.
The following table summarizes the fair value and amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our non-U.S. fixed income portfolio by country/sovereign for non-U.S. government securities at December 31, 2024:
74
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes the fair value and amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our non-U.S. fixed income portfolio by country/sovereign for non-U.S. corporate securities at December 31, 2024:
(1)
The countries that are listed in the non-U.S. corporate fixed income portfolio above represent the ultimate parent company's country of risk. Non-U.S. corporate securities could be issued by foreign subsidiaries of U.S. corporations.
Below-investment grade corporate fixed income portfolio
Below-investment grade securities have different characteristics than investment grade corporate debt securities. Risk of loss from default by the borrower is greater with below-investment grade