and territories outside of North America where the company operates. Chubb International, our retail division, provides commercial P&C, A&H and traditional and specialty personal lines for large corporations, middle markets and small customers through retail brokers, agents and other channels locally around the world. CGM provides commercial P&C excess and surplus lines wholesale business primarily through wholesale brokers in the London market and through Lloyd’s. These divisions write a variety of coverages, including traditional commercial P&C, specialty categories such as financial lines, marine, energy, aviation, political risk and construction, as well as group A&H and traditional and specialty personal lines.
•
The Global Reinsurance segment includes the assumed reinsurance business written by Chubb Tempest Re, comprising Chubb Tempest
Re Bermuda, Chubb Tempest Re USA, Chubb Tempest Re International, and Chubb Tempest Re Canada. Chubb Tempest Re provides a broad range of traditional and specialty reinsurance coverages to a diverse array of primary P&C companies, including small, mid-sized, and multinational ceding companies.
•
The Life Insurance segment includes our international life operations (Chubb Life), which includes individual life and group benefit insurance primarily in Asia and Latin America. The Life Insurance segment also includes Chubb Tempest Life Re (Chubb Life Re), and the North American supplemental A&H and life insurance business of Combined Insurance.
F-101
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
Corporate primarily includes the results of all run-off A&E exposures, run-off Brandywine business, Westchester specialty operations for 1996 and prior years, and certain other run-off exposures, including molestation claims and is shown in the tables below as reconciling items. In addition, Corporate includes the results of our non-insurance companies including Chubb Limited, Chubb Group Management and Holdings Ltd., and Chubb INA Holdings LLC. Effective July 1, 2023, the results of Huatai Group’s non-insurance operations, comprising real estate and holding company activity, are included in Corporate. Our exposure to A&E and molestation claims principally arises out of liabilities acquired when we purchased Westchester Specialty in 1998, CIGNA’s P&C business in 1999, and Chubb Corp in 2016.
Segment performance is reviewed by the Chief Executive Officer of Chubb Ltd, our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM). The CODM is ultimately responsible for evaluating the performance of our six business segments, making strategic operating decisions, and allocating resources. The financial results of our operations are reported in a manner consistent with results reviewed by the CODM in reviewing and assessing the performance of our six business segments. Excluding our Life Insurance segment, the CODM uses Underwriting income (loss) as a basis for segment performance. Chubb