commercial domicile). Chubb INA’s international subsidiaries are also subject to insurance laws and regulations particular to the countries in which the subsidiaries operate. These laws and regulations sometimes include restrictions that limit the amount of dividends payable without prior approval of regulatory insurance authorities. Chubb Limited received no dividends from Chubb INA during the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024. Debt issued by Chubb INA is serviced by statutorily permissible distributions by Chubb INA’s insurance subsidiaries to Chubb INA as well as other group resources. Chubb INA received dividends of $366 million and nil from its subsidiaries during the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively.
Cash Flows
Our sources of liquidity include cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements. The following is a discussion of our cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Operating cash flows were $1.6 billion in the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to $3.2 billion in the prior year period, primarily due to higher net losses paid and income taxes paid, partially offset by higher net investment income.
73
Table of Contents
Cash used for investing was $798 million in the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to $3.7 billion in the prior year period, a decrease of $2.9 billion, which primarily included lower net purchases of fixed maturities and equity securities of $1.9 billion. Additionally, the current year period included net sales of short-term investments of $773 million compared to net purchase of short-term investments of $708 million in the prior year period. These items were partially offset by higher private equity contributions.
Cash used for financing was $1.1 billion in the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to cash provided by financing of $562 million in the prior year period, an additional use of cash of $1.7 billion. This was primarily due to repayments of long-term debt of $800 million compared with the issuance of long-term debt of $996 million in the prior year, additional common shares repurchased of $287 million, and lower net repayments of repurchase agreements of $285 million.
We use repurchase agreements as a low-cost alternative source of liquidity within our operating subsidiaries. At March 31, 2025, there were $3.1 billion in repurchase agreements outstanding with various maturities over the next two months.
Both internal and external forces influence our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Claim settlements, premium levels, and investment returns may be impacted by changing rates of inflation and other economic conditions. In many cases, significant periods of time, ranging up to several years or more, may lapse between the occurrence of an insured loss, the reporting of the loss to us, and the settlement of the liability for that loss.
Chubb INA Holdings LLC (Subsidiary Issuer) is