the U.S. Treasury curve in the following proportions: up to 15 percent short-term rates (maturing in less than 5 years), 15 percent—30 percent medium-term rates (maturing between 5 years and 10 years, inclusive), and 65 percent—80 percent long-term rates (maturing beyond 10 years).
•
A change in AA-rated credit spreads impacts the rate used to discount cash flows in the fair value model. AA-rated credit spreads are a proxy for both our own credit spreads and the credit spreads of the ceding insurers.
•
The hedge sensitivity is from March 31, 2025, market levels and only applicable to the equity and interest rate sensitivities table below.
•
The sensitivities do not scale linearly and may be proportionally greater for larger movements in the market factors. Actual sensitivity of our net income may differ from those disclosed in the tables below due to fluctuations in short-term market movements.
76
Table of Contents
Market Risk Benefits Net Amount at Risk
All our MRB reinsurance treaties include annual or aggregate claim limits and many include an aggregate deductible which limit the net amount at risk under these programs. The tables below present the net amount at risk at March 31, 2025, following an immediate change in equity market levels, assuming all global equity markets are impacted equally.
a) Reinsurance covering the GMDB risk only
The treaty limits function as a ceiling as equity markets fall. As the shocks in the table above become incrementally more negative, the impacts begin to drop due to the specific nature of these claim limits, many of which are annual claim limits calculated as a percentage of the reinsured account value. There is also an impact due to a portion of the book under which claims are positively correlated to equity markets (claims decrease as equity markets fall).
b) Reinsurance covering the GLB risk only
Beyond a certain point, the treaty limits cause the net amount at risk to increase at a declining rate as equity markets fall.
c) Reinsurance covering both the GMDB and GLB risks on the same underlying policyholders
Beyond a certain point, the treaty limits cause the net amount at risk to increase at a declining rate as equity markets fall.
77
Table of Contents
Chubb’s management, with the participation of Chubb’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of Chubb’s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of March 31, 2025. Based upon that evaluation, Chubb’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that Chubb’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in allowing information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to be recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to Chubb’s management,