insurance and reinsurance operations provide liquidity in that premiums are received in advance, sometimes substantially in advance, of the time claims are paid. Generally, cash flows are affected by claim payments that, due to the nature of our operations, may comprise large loss payments on a limited number of claims and which can fluctuate significantly from period to period. The irregular timing of these loss payments can create significant variations in cash flows from operations between periods. For additional information regarding estimates of future claim payments over the next twelve months, refer to our discussion of Cash Requirements within "Capital Resources". Sources of liquidity include cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements. The following is a discussion of our cash flows for 2024 and 2023.
82
Table of Contents
Operating cash flows reflect Net income for each period, adjusted for non-cash items and changes in working capital. Operating cash flows were $16.2 billion in 2024, compared to $12.6 billion in 2023. The increase of $3.6 billion is primarily due to higher net investment income and net premiums collected. The increase was partially offset by higher net losses paid, income taxes paid, and lower net proceeds from sales of consolidated investment products (CIP) from Huatai's asset management companies.
Cash used for investing was $13.9 billion in 2024, compared to $7.6 billion in 2023. The increase of $6.3 billion is primarily due to higher net purchases of fixed maturities, short-term investments, and equity securities of $6.5 billion and an increase in cash paid for acquisitions of $504 million, reflecting the acquisition of Healthy Paws and additional equity purchases of Huatai Group. These amounts were partially offset by an increase in private equity distributions (net of contributions), of $1.2 billion.
Cash used for financing was $2.2 billion in 2024, compared to $4.5 billion in 2023. The decrease of $2.3 billion is primarily from higher proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt (net of repayments) of $1.4 billion, lower common shares repurchased of $610 million, and lower net CIP-related distributions to third-parties of $612 million. These CIPs are related to Huatai's asset management companies. Refer to Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on share repurchases.
Both internal and external forces influence our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Claim settlements, premium levels, and investment returns may be impacted by changing rates of inflation and other economic conditions. In many cases, significant periods of time, ranging up to several years or more, may lapse between the occurrence of an insured loss, the reporting of the loss to us, and the settlement of the liability for that loss.
We use repurchase agreements as a low-cost funding alternative. At December 31, 2024, there were $2.7 billion, including