pursuant to the ACE LTIP.
(iii) Chubb Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plans (Chubb Corp. LTIP). As of December 31, 2024, a total of 9,293 option awards and 9,603 deferred stock unit awards are outstanding. No additional grants will be made pursuant to the Chubb Corp. LTIP.
(iv) ESPP. A total of 9,000,000 shares are authorized for purchase at a discount. As of December 31, 2024, 2,738,105 shares remain available for future issuance under this plan.
94
Table of Contents
(2)
These plans are the Chubb Corp. CCAP Excess Benefit Plan (CCAP Excess Benefit Plan) and the Chubb Corp. Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, under which no Common Shares are available for future issuance other than with respect to outstanding rewards. The CCAP Excess Benefit Plan is a nonqualified, defined contribution plan and covers those participants in the Capital Accumulation Plan of The Chubb Corporation (CCAP) (Chubb Corp.’s legacy 401(k) plan) and Chubb Corp.’s legacy employee stock ownership plan (ESOP) whose total benefits under those plans are limited by certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. A participant in the CCAP Excess Benefit Plan is entitled to a benefit equaling the difference between the participant’s benefits under the CCAP and the ESOP, without considering the applicable limitations of the Code, and the participant’s actual benefits under such plans. A participant’s excess ESOP benefit is expressed as Common Shares. Payments under the CCAP Excess Benefit Plan are generally made: (i) for excess benefits related to the CCAP, in cash annually as soon as practical after the amount of excess benefit can be determined; and (ii) for excess benefits related to the ESOP, in Common Shares as soon as practicable after the participant’s termination of employment. Allocations under the ESOP ceased in 2004. Accordingly, other than dividends, no new contributions are made to the ESOP or the CCAP Excess Benefit Plan with respect to excess ESOP benefits.
(3)
Weighted-average exercise price excludes shares issuable under performance unit awards and restricted stock unit awards.
Additional information is incorporated by reference to the section entitled "Information About Our Share Ownership" of the definitive proxy statement for the 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A.
ITEM 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence
This item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled “Corporate Governance - Related Party Transactions", and “Corporate Governance - The Board of Directors - Director Independence” of the definitive proxy statement for the 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A.
ITEM 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services
This item is incorporated by reference to the