volatile because certain products sold by our life insurance businesses expose us to future policy benefit (FPB) reserve and market risk benefits changes that are directly affected by market and other factors and assumptions.
Our pricing, establishment of liabilities for life insurance and annuity products, including reinsurance programs, are based upon various assumptions, including equity market changes, interest rates, mortality rates, morbidity rates, and policyholder behavior. Under long-duration targeted improvements (LDTI), the accounting for our FPB reserves is also sensitive to changing interest rate conditions. We are required to update for changes in discount rates quarterly and review assumptions at least annually, which could cause volatility in our net income and shareholders' equity.
Guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB) and guaranteed living benefits (GLB), principally guaranteed minimum income benefits (GMIB), associated with variable annuity contracts, are collectively referred to as market risk benefits (MRB). The process of establishing MRB liabilities relies on our ability to accurately estimate insured events that have not yet occurred but that are expected to occur in future periods. Significant deviations in actual experience from assumptions used for pricing and for MRB liabilities could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products and our business.
Under reinsurance programs covering variable annuity guarantees, we assumed the risk of GMDB and GMIB associated with variable annuity contracts. We ceased writing this business in 2007. Our net income is directly impacted by the changes in the MRB liability reflecting market conditions, policyholder behavior, and other changes in assumptions. We view our variable annuity reinsurance business as having a similar risk profile to that of catastrophe reinsurance, with the probability of long-term economic loss relatively small at the time of pricing. Adverse changes in market factors and policyholder behavior will have an impact on consolidated net income.
Payment of obligations under surety bonds could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
The surety business tends to be characterized by infrequent but potentially high severity losses. The majority of our surety obligations are intended to be performance-based guarantees. When losses occur, they may be mitigated, at times, by recovery rights to the customer’s assets, contract payments, and collateral and bankruptcy recoveries. We have substantial commercial and construction surety exposure for current and prior customers. In that regard, we have exposures related to surety bonds issued on behalf of companies that have experienced or may experience deterioration in creditworthiness. If the financial condition of these companies were adversely affected by the economy or otherwise, we may experience an increase in filed claims and may incur high severity losses, which could have an adverse effect on