treaty and facultative agreements covering such policies. Under the underwriting services agreements, Starr was the underwriter of insurance policies on our behalf and we agreed to reinsure such policies to Starr under quota share reinsurance agreements. Transactions generated under Starr agreements were as follows:
F-108
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
22.
Statutory financial information
Our subsidiaries file financial statements prepared in accordance with statutory accounting practices prescribed or permitted by insurance regulators. Statutory accounting differs from U.S. GAAP in the reporting of certain reinsurance contracts, investments, subsidiaries, acquisition expenses, fixed assets, deferred income taxes, and certain other items. Some jurisdictions impose complex regulatory requirements on insurance companies while other jurisdictions impose fewer requirements. In some jurisdictions, we must obtain licenses issued by governmental authorities to conduct local insurance business. These licenses may be subject to reserves and minimum capital and solvency tests. Jurisdictions may impose fines, censure, and/or criminal sanctions for violation of regulatory requirements. The 2024 amounts below are based on estimates.
Chubb's insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to insurance laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which they operate. These regulations include restrictions that limit the amount of dividends or other distributions, such as loans or cash advances, available to shareholders without prior approval of the local insurance regulatory authorities. The amount of dividends available to be paid in 2025 without prior approval totals $
8.5
billion.
The statutory capital and surplus of our insurance subsidiaries met regulatory requirements for 2024, 2023, and 2022. The minimum amounts of statutory capital and surplus necessary to satisfy regulatory requirements was $
44.4
billion and $
41.0
billion for December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These minimum regulatory capital requirements were significantly lower than the corresponding amounts required by the rating agencies which review Chubb’s insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries.
The following tables present the combined statutory capital and surplus and statutory net income of our Property and casualty and Life subsidiaries:
Several insurance subsidiaries follow accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the jurisdiction of domicile that differ from the applicable local statutory practice. The application of prescribed or permitted accounting practices does not have a material impact on Chubb's statutory surplus and income. As prescribed by the Restructuring discussed previously in Note 8, certain of our U.S. subsidiaries discount certain A&E liabilities, which increased statutory capital and surplus by approximately $
108
million and $
115
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.