maintain the Dividend Retention Fund is in effect, to the extent dividends are paid by INA Holdings Corporation to its parent, INA Financial Corporation, and to the extent INA Financial Corporation then pays such dividends to INA Corporation, a portion of those dividends must be withheld to replenish the principal of the Dividend Retention Fund to $
50
million. In 2024 and 2023, $
93
million and $
75
million, respectively, was withheld from such dividends and deposited into the Dividend Retention Fund as a result of dividends paid up to the INA Corporation. Pursuant to a 2011 amendment to the Restructuring Order, capital contributions from the Dividend Retention Fund to Century are not required until the XOL Agreement has less than $
200
million of capacity remaining on an incurred basis for statutory reporting purposes. The amount of the required capital contribution shall be the lesser of the amount necessary to restore the XOL Agreement remaining capacity to $
200
million or the Dividend Retention Fund balance. In 2024 and 2023, capital contributions of $
93
million and $
75
million were made, respectively, from the Dividend Retention Fund to Century. The Dividend Retention Fund may not be terminated without prior written approval from the Pennsylvania Insurance Commissioner.
In 2004, Chubb INA contributed $
100
million to Century in exchange for a surplus note. After giving effect to the surplus note, contributions from the Dividend Retention Fund, results from operations and other items impacting statutory surplus, the statutory surplus of Century at December 31, 2024, was $
25
million and $
764
million in statutory-basis losses have been ceded to the XOL Agreement on an inception-to-date basis. The XOL Agreement statutory-basis remaining limit at December 31, 2024, is $
36
million. Century reports the amount ceded under the XOL Agreement in accordance with statutory accounting principles, which differ from U.S. GAAP by, among other things, allowing Century to discount its liabilities, including certain asbestos related and environmental pollution liabilities and Century's reinsurance payable to active companies. For U.S. GAAP reporting purposes, intercompany reinsurance recoverables related to the XOL are eliminated upon consolidation.
While Chubb believes it has no legal obligation to fund Century losses above the XOL limit of coverage, Chubb's consolidated results would nevertheless continue to include any losses above the limit of coverage for so long as the Brandywine companies remain consolidated subsidiaries of Chubb.
Certain active Chubb companies are primarily liable for asbestos, environmental, and other exposures that they have reinsured to Century. Accordingly, if Century were to become insolvent and placed into rehabilitation or liquidation, some or all of the recoverables due to these active Chubb companies from Century could become uncollectible. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the aggregate reinsurance recoverables owed by