of each such company's gross insurance
33
Table of Contents
income. Likewise, we do not expect the direct or indirect insureds of each Non-U.S. Insurance Subsidiary (and persons related to such insureds) to directly or indirectly own 20 percent or more of either the voting power or value of our shares. However, we cannot be certain that this will be the case because some of the factors which determine the extent of RPII may be beyond our control. If these thresholds are met or exceeded, any U.S. person’s investment in Chubb Limited could be adversely affected. In 2022, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released proposed regulations that may cause more income to be treated as RPII than under current law.
A U.S. tax-exempt organization may recognize unrelated business taxable income if a portion of our insurance income is allocated to the organization. This generally would be the case if either (i) Chubb Limited is considered a CFC and the tax-exempt shareholder is a 10 percent U.S. shareholder or (ii) there is RPII, certain exceptions do not apply, and the tax-exempt organization, directly (or indirectly through foreign entities) owns any shares of Chubb Limited. Although we do not believe that any U.S. tax-exempt organization should be allocated such insurance income, we cannot be certain that this will be the case. Potential U.S. tax-exempt investors are advised to consult their tax advisors.
U.S. persons who hold shares will be subject to adverse tax consequences if we are considered to be a Passive Foreign Investment Company (PFIC) for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
If Chubb Limited is considered a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. person who holds Chubb Limited shares will be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences in which case their investment could be adversely affected. In addition, if Chubb Limited were considered a PFIC, upon the death of any U.S. individual owning shares, such individual's heirs or estate would not be entitled to a "step-up" in the basis of the shares which might otherwise be available under U.S. federal income tax laws. We believe that we are not, have not been, and currently do not expect to become, a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We cannot assure, however, that we will not be deemed a PFIC by the IRS. U.S. federal tax law and final and proposed regulations issued by the IRS and U.S. Treasury Department contain rules that may affect the application of the PFIC provisions to an insurance company. Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors.
ITEM 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments
There are currently no unresolved SEC staff comments regarding our periodic or current reports.
ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity and Risk Governance
Risk management and strategy
As detailed in our risk factors included in Item 1A, Chubb recognizes the significant risks posed by cybersecurity and data protection challenges, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and