additional information.
t)
Income taxes
Income taxes have been recorded related to those operations subject to income tax. Deferred tax assets and liabilities result from temporary differences between the amounts recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax law or rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance against deferred tax assets is recorded if it is more likely than not that all, or some portion, of the benefits related to these deferred tax assets will not be realized. The valuation allowance assessment considers tax planning strategies, where appropriate.
We recognize uncertain tax positions that are determined to be more likely than not of being sustained upon examination. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.
Chubb's policy for releasing income tax effects from AOCI is to release them as investments are sold or mature and as pension and postretirement benefit liabilities are extinguished. Refer to Note 12 for additional information.
u)
Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated using the weighted-average shares outstanding, including participating securities with non-forfeitable rights to dividends such as unvested restricted stock. All potentially dilutive securities, including stock options are excluded from the basic earnings per share calculation. In calculating diluted earnings per share, the weighted-average shares outstanding is increased to include all potentially dilutive securities. Basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated by dividing Net income attributable to Chubb by the applicable weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the year.
v)
Share-based compensation
Chubb measures and records compensation cost for all share-based payment awards at grant-date fair value. Compensation costs are recognized for vesting of share-based payment awards with only service conditions on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award as if the award were, in substance, multiple awards. For retirement-eligible participants, compensation costs for certain share-based payment awards are recognized immediately at the date of grant. Refer to Note 16 for additional information.
w)
Integration expenses
Direct costs related to business combinations, principally Cigna's business in Asia, were expensed as incurred. Integration expenses were $
39
million, $
69
million, and $
48
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, and include all internal and external costs directly related to the integration activities. These expenses principally
F-20
Table of Contents