consolidation of Huatai Group's P&C business effective July 1, 2023. Commercial growth was driven by higher new business, higher retention, and positive rate increases, primarily in property and casualty lines. Consumer lines had strong growth in new business for both A&H and personal lines.
Latin America increased in 2024, reflecting strong growth in our consumer lines, including automobile in Mexico, and in commercial lines driven by new business and positive rate increases across property and casualty lines.
Net premiums earned increased $1,169 million in 2024, or $1,265 million on a constant-dollar basis, reflecting the increase in net premiums written described above.
Combined Ratio
The combined ratio increased in 2024 primarily reflecting lower favorable prior period development and higher catastrophe losses. The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses was relatively flat in 2024.
61
Table of Contents
Global Reinsurance
The Global Reinsurance segment represents our reinsurance operations comprising Chubb Tempest Re Bermuda, Chubb Tempest Re USA, Chubb Tempest Re International, and Chubb Tempest Re Canada. Global Reinsurance markets its reinsurance products worldwide primarily through reinsurance brokers under the Chubb Tempest Re brand name and provides a broad range of traditional and non-traditional reinsurance coverage to a diverse array of primary P&C companies.
NM – not meaningful
Net Catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development
Catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events:
•2024: Hurricane Milton, Hurricane Helene, and other severe weather-related events in the U.S., Europe, and Canada.
•2023: Hurricane Idalia, and other severe weather-related events in the U.S.
•2022: Hurricane Ian, and other severe weather-related events in the U.S., Australia, and Canada.
Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development.
Premiums
Net premiums written increased $328 million, or 32.2 percent, in 2024, primarily reflecting continued growth driven by new business. Growth was most notably in property and casualty lines, partially offset by a decrease in financial and specialty lines. Net premiums written in 2024 also benefited from a large one-off structured transaction in the second quarter and from catastrophe reinstatement premiums.
Net premiums earned increased $310 million, or 32.2 percent, in 2024, primarily reflecting the increase in net premiums written described above including the large one-off structured transaction and catastrophe reinstatement premiums, which were fully earned when written.
62
Table of Contents
Combined Ratio
The combined ratio increased in 2024, primarily reflecting the impact of higher catastrophe losses and lower favorable prior period development.
The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased in 2024, primarily due to favorable market conditions in property lines. The decrease also reflects the favorable impact of higher net