array of traditional and specialty P&C reinsurance for the Canadian market, including but not limited to property, property catastrophe, casualty, and specialty. Chubb Tempest Re Canada underwrites reinsurance on both a proportional and excess of loss basis.
Competitive Environment
The Global Reinsurance segment competes worldwide with major U.S. and non-U.S. reinsurers as well as reinsurance departments of numerous multi-line insurance organizations. In addition, capital markets participants have developed alternative capital sources intended to compete with traditional reinsurance. Government sponsored or backed catastrophe funds can also affect demand for reinsurance. Global Reinsurance is typically involved in the negotiation and quotation of the terms and conditions of the majority of the contracts in which it participates. Global Reinsurance competes effectively in P&C markets worldwide because of Chubb's strong capital position, analytical capabilities, experienced underwriting team and quality customer service. The key competitors in Global Reinsurance's markets vary by geographic region and product line. An advantage of Global Reinsurance's global platform is that it can change its mix of business in response to changes in competitive conditions in the territories in which it operates. Global Reinsurance's geographic reach is also sought by multinational ceding companies since its offices, except for Bermuda, provide local reinsurance license capabilities which benefit our clients in dealing with country regulators.
9
Table of Contents
Life Insurance (13 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE)
Overview
The Life Insurance segment comprises our international life operations (Chubb Life), which includes Huatai Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (Huatai Life), Chubb Tempest Life Re (Chubb Life Re), and the supplemental A&H and life business of Combined Insurance. Also included in the Life Insurance segment are Huatai’s asset management companies, principally Huatai Asset Management Co. Ltd and Huatai Baoxing Fund Management. At December 31, 2024, our direct and indirect ownership interest in Huatai Life was 88.2 percent, Huatai Asset Management Co. Ltd. was 77.8 percent, and Huatai Baoxing Fund Management was 72.7 percent. Insurance and asset management form an integral part of our China strategy to help customers with their protection and savings needs.
Products and Distribution
Chubb Life provides individual life, accident and health, and group benefit insurance primarily in Asia which accounts for 95 percent of Chubb Life net written premiums and deposits. Our Asia markets comprise South Korea, mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam, New Zealand, Indonesia, and Myanmar. Outside of Asia, Chubb Life has a presence in Egypt and selectively in Latin America, with key markets being Chile, Brazil, Ecuador, and Mexico through
a joint distribution model with Chubb Overseas General Insurance.
Chubb Life offers a broad portfolio of protection and