(A&E)” section and to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Future policy benefits
Chubb issues contracts that are classified as long-duration, which generally cover accident and supplemental health (A&H) products; term, credit, and whole life products (both participating and non-participating); endowment products; and annuities. Accordingly, Chubb establishes a liability for future policy benefits (FPBL) which comprises the present value of estimated future policy benefits to be paid along with certain related expenses, less the present value of estimated future net premiums to be collected. For traditional and limited-payment life insurance contracts, the FPBL is established using a net premium valuation methodology, such that expected policyholder benefit payments are accrued in proportion to premium revenue recognized. Under the net premium methodology, a net premium ratio (NPR) is calculated which requires assumptions on the future cash flow impact of numerous factors including mortality, morbidity, persistency, policyholder behavior, discount rates, and unpaid loss adjustment expenses. We have elected to use unpaid loss adjustment expense assumptions that are locked in at contract inception and are not subsequently reviewed or updated. Except for these expenses, assumptions are regularly reviewed.
Determining management’s best estimates
For traditional and limited-payment long-duration contracts, actuarial assumptions on mortality, morbidity, persistency, and policyholder behavior represent management’s long-term best estimates. These best estimate assumptions are generally based on our experience, industry experience, or other factors if there is not sufficient credibility. In establishing best estimate assumptions, we take into consideration the prospective impact of experience deterioration, product changes, distribution changes, and other relevant environmental changes which could result in differences from historically observed experience. Generally, we do not expect trends to change significantly in the short term and, to the extent trends may change, we expect the change to be gradual over the long term. Best estimate assumptions are reviewed and updated at least annually, and may be updated in interim periods if we observe a material change indicative of a long-term trend. Changes to best estimate assumptions impact expected future cash flows and result in a remeasurement of the FPBL. The FPBL is also remeasured to account for differences between expected and actual experience on mortality, morbidity, and persistency. All such remeasurements are reflected in Policy benefits in the Consolidated statements of operations in the period in which best estimate assumptions were updated.
The discount rates used to calculate the net premium ratio are locked in at policy inception, and serve as the basis to recognize interest expense for the life of the policy. Discount rates used to measure the carrying value of the FPBL are