investments in companies that generate more than 30 percent of revenues from thermal coal mining or energy production from coal. Chubb closely follows emerging trends in climate litigation to assess potential risks to additional insurance products.
Chubb mitigates exposure to climate change risk by ceding catastrophe risk in our insurance portfolio through both reinsurance and capital markets, and our investment portfolio through the diversification of risk, industry, location, type, and duration of security. Asset concentrations are actively managed in hurricane-and flood-exposed areas, and our investment portfolio is relatively short in duration.
Chubb supports industries involved in mitigating climate risk through our global climate business unit, Chubb Climate+, which offers solutions to Clean Tech companies and the renewable energy sector.
Tax Matters
Refer to “Risk Factors”, under Item 1A and Note 1 t) and Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8.
19
Table of Contents
Information about our Executive Officers
The following sets forth information regarding our executive officers as of February 27, 2025:
Evan G. Greenberg has been a director of Chubb Limited since August 2002. Mr. Greenberg was elected Chairman of the Board of Directors in May 2007. Mr. Greenberg was appointed to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer of Chubb Limited in May 2004, and in June 2003, was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer of Chubb Limited. Mr. Greenberg was appointed to the position of Chief Executive Officer of Chubb Overseas General in April 2002. He joined Chubb as Vice Chairman, Chubb Limited, and Chief Executive Officer of Chubb Tempest Re in November 2001. Prior to joining Chubb, Mr. Greenberg was President and Chief Operating Officer of American International Group (AIG), a position he held from 1997 until 2000.
Timothy A. Boroughs was appointed Chief Investment Officer of Chubb Group in 2000 and Executive Vice President in 2014. Prior to joining Chubb, Mr. Boroughs was Director of Fixed Income at Tudor Investment Corporation from 1997 to 2000, and Managing Partner and Director of Global Leveraged Investment Activity at Fischer Francis Trees & Watts from 1976 to 1997.
Peter C. Enns was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chubb Limited in July 2021. Mr. Enns, who joined Chubb in April 2021 as Executive Vice President, Finance, has more than 30 years of finance and investment banking experience. Before joining Chubb, Mr. Enns held several management positions at HSBC from 2018 to 2020, including Global Head of Financial Institutions Group, Global Co-Head of Corporate Finance Coverage, and Global Co-Head of Investment Banking Coverage. Prior to HSBC, Mr. Enns held several senior positions through 2017 during a more than 20-year career at Goldman Sachs, including Chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs Canada, Head of the Asia Financial Institutions Group, and Partner of the U.S.