above. For private equities where we own more than three percent, investment income is included within Other (income) expense in the Consolidated statements of operations. Excluded from Net investment income is the mark-to-market movement for private equities, which is recorded within either Other (income) expense or Net realized gains (losses) based on our percentage of ownership. The total mark-to-market movement for private equities excluded from Net investment income was as follows:
Our investment portfolio is invested primarily in publicly traded, investment grade, fixed income securities with an average credit quality of A/A as rated by the independent investment rating services Standard and Poor’s (S&P)/Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) at March 31, 2025. The portfolio is primarily managed externally by independent, professional investment managers and is broadly diversified across geographies, sectors, and issuers. We hold no collateralized debt obligations in our investment portfolio, and we provide no credit default protection. We have long-standing global credit limits for our entire portfolio across the organization. Exposures are aggregated, monitored, and actively managed by our Global Credit Committee, comprising senior executives, including our Chief Financial Officer, our Chief Risk Officer, our Chief Investment Officer, and our Treasurer. We also have well-established, strict contractual investment rules requiring managers to maintain highly diversified exposures to individual issuers and clos
ely monitor investment manager compliance with portfolio guidelines.
65
Table of Contents
The following table shows the fair value and cost/amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our invested assets:
The fair value of our total investments increased $1.6 billion during the three months ended March 31, 2025, mainly due to the investing of operating cash flow and gains in fixed maturities available-for-sale. The valuation of our fixed income portfolio is impacted by changes in interest rates.
The following tables present the fair value of our fixed income securities at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024. The first table lists investments according to type and second according to S&P credit rating:
(1)
Includes fixed maturities recorded in Other investments in the Consolidated balance sheets of $6.8 billion and $6.3 billion at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively.
66
Table of Contents
Corporate and asset-backed securities
The following table presents our 10 largest global exposures to corporate bonds by fair value at March 31, 2025:
Mortgage-backed securities
The following table shows the fair value and amortized cost, net of valuation allowance, of our mortgage-backed securities:
Non-U.S.
Chubb’s local currency investment portfolios have strict contractual investment guidelines requiring managers to maintain a high quality and diversified portfolio to both sector and individual issuers. Investment portfolios are