information.
•
Estimated payments for future policy benefits and market risk benefits
- Total estimated payments for future policy benefits and market risk benefits are estimated at $77.9 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively, with $3.0 billion and $0.2 billion estimated due over the next twelve months, respectively. The total estimated payments are gross of fees or premiums due, while the liabilities presented on our Consolidated balance sheets are discounted and net of fees and premiums due. The timing and amount of actual payments may vary from the estimates. Refer to Note 1
l)
and Note 9 for additional information on future policy benefits, and Note 1
m) and Note 11
for additional information on market risk benefits
.
85
Table of Contents
•
Short-term, Long-term, and Hybrid debt, and related interest payments -
Total obligations for short-term, long-term, and hybrid debt maturities are $15.4 billion with $0.8 billion due over the next twelve months. Interest payments related to these obligations total $6.6 billion with $0.5 billion due over the next twelve months. These estimates are based on current exchange rates. Refer to Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
•
Commitments on invested assets
- Total obligations for commitments related to our invested assets are $7.7 billion with $2.2 billion due over the next twelve months. Refer to Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
•
Deposit liabilities
- Total obligations for deposit liabilities, including contract holder deposit funds, are $14.5 billion with $0.8 billion due over the next twelve months. Refer to Note 1
o)
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
•
Repurchase agreements -
We use repurchase agreements as a low-cost funding alternative. At
December 31, 2024
, there were $2.7 billion in repurchase agreements outstanding with various maturities over the next five months. Refer to Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
•
Operating leases
- Total obligations for operating leases are $1.4 billion with $0.2 billion estimated due over the next twelve months. Refer to Note 14
j)
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional informat
ion. As of December 31, 2024, we have a lease commitment for office space that is not yet recorded on our Consolidated balance sheet and is not included in the total obligations referenced above. The lease is expected to commence in 2025 with an initial term of approximately 23 years. Total cash requirements are estimated at approximately $400 million over the term of the lease.
Ratings
Chubb Limited and its subsidiaries are assigned credit and financial strength (insurance) ratings from internationally recognized rating agencies, including S&P, AM Best, Moody's, and Fitch. The ratings issued on our companies by these agencies are announced publicly and are available directly from the agencies. Our Internet site