ensuing additional loss potential;
•
There is no universal standard in the preparation of insured data for use in the models, the running of the modeling software, and interpretation of loss output. These loss estimates do not represent our potential maximum exposures and it is highly likely that our actual incurred losses would vary materially from the modeled estimates;
•
The potential effects of climate change add to modeling complexity; and
•
Changing climate conditions could impact our exposure to natural catastrophe risks. Published studies by leading government, academic, and professional organizations combined with extensive research by Chubb climate scientists reveal the potential for increases in the frequency and severity of key natural perils such as tropical cyclones, inland flood, and wildfire. To understand the potential impacts on the Chubb portfolio, we have conducted stress tests on our peak exposure zone, namely in the U.S., using parameters outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Climate Change 2021 report. These parameters consider the impacts of climate change and the resulting climate peril impacts over a timescale relevant to our business. The tests are conducted by adjusting our baseline view of risk for the perils of hurricane, inland flood, and wildfire in the U.S. to reflect increases in frequency and severity across the modeled domains for each of these perils. Based on these tests against the Chubb portfolio we do not expect material impacts to our baseline
77
Table of Contents
PMLs from climate change through December 31, 2025. These tests reflect current exposures only and exclude potentially mitigating factors such as changes to building codes, public or private risk mitigation, regulation, and public policy.
Man-made and other catastrophes
We have substantial exposure to losses resulting from man-made catastrophes including terrorism, cyber-attack, financial events, and other catastrophe events, including pandemics. These events are inherently unpredictable and could impact a variety of our businesses, including commercial and personal lines, life insurance, A&H, and reinsurance products. Our losses from these events could be substantial.
Terrorism
We offer terrorism coverage in the U.S. and in many other countries through various insurance products. We actively monitor terrorism risk and manage exposures through set risk limits based on modeled losses from certain terrorism attack scenarios, the purchase of reinsurance, and the reliance on government-sponsored terrorism reinsurance programs. In the U.S., certain protections of our terrorism exposure are provided through the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019 (TRIPRA). In 2024, TRIPRA covers 81 percent of insured losses above a deductible, estimated to be approximately $3.2 billion. Refer to “Global Property Catastrophe Reinsurance Program” for information on our reinsurance protection purchased. At our largest