within the carryback or carryforward periods under the tax law in the applicable tax jurisdiction. There may be changes in tax laws in a number of countries where we transact business that impact our deferred tax assets and liabilities. At each balance sheet date, management assesses the need to establish a valuation allowance that reduces deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that all, or some portion, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The determination of the need for a valuation allowance is based on all available information including projections of future taxable income, principally derived from business plans and where there are appropriate available tax planning strategies. Projections of future taxable income incorporate assumptions of future business and operations that are apt to differ from actual experience. If our assumptions and estimates that resulted in our forecast of future taxable income prove to be incorrect, an additional valuation allowance could become necessary, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. At December 31, 2024, the valuation allowance of $1.08 billion reflects management's assessment that it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized due to the inability of certain subsidiaries to generate sufficient taxable income.
Goodwill impairment assessment
Goodwill, which represents the excess of acquisition cost over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired, was $19.6 billion and $19.7 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Goodwill is assigned to applicable reporting units of acquired entities at the time of acquisition. Goodwill is not amortized but is subject to a periodic evaluation for impairment at least annually, or earlier if there are any indications of possible impairment. Impairment is tested at the reporting unit level, which is the same as, or one level below, an operating segment. The impairment evaluation first uses a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not (i.e., more than a 50 percent probability) that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount. If a reporting unit fails this qualitative assessment, a single quantitative analysis is used to measure and record the amount of the impairment. In assessing the fair value of a reporting unit, we make assumptions and estimates about the profitability attributable to our reporting units, including:
•
short-term and long-term growth rates; and
•
estimated cost of equity and changes in long-term risk-free interest rates.
If our assumptions and estimates made in assessing the fair value of acquired entities change, we could be required to write-down the carrying value of Goodwill which could be material to our results of operations in the period the charge is taken. Based on our impairment testing for 2024, we determined no impairment was