upon what is known or expected to be in effect in future reporting periods.
Interest rate risk – fixed income portfolio and debt obligations
Our fixed income portfolio and debt obligations have exposure to interest rate risk. Changes in investment values attributable to interest rate changes are mitigated by corresponding and partially offsetting changes in the economic value of our insurance reserves and debt obligations. We monitor this exposure through periodic reviews of our asset and liability positions.
The following table presents the impact at December 31, 2024 and 2023, on the fair value of our fixed income portfolio of a hypothetical increase in interest rates of 100 bps applied instantly across the U.S. yield curve (an immediate time horizon was used as this presents the worst case scenario):
Changes in interest rates will have an immediate effect on Comprehensive income and Shareholders' equity for our available-for- sale portfolio but will not ordinarily have an immediate effect on Net income. Variations in market interest rates could produce significant changes in the timing of prepayments due to available prepayment options. For these reasons, actual results could differ from those reflected in the tables. Changes in interest rates for our fixed income – consolidated investment products will have an immediate impact on Net income (through Net realized gains (losses)).
Although our debt and hybrid debt (collectively referred to as debt obligations) are reported at amortized cost and not adjusted for fair value changes, changes in interest rates could have a material impact on their fair value, albeit there would be no impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
The following table presents the impact at December 31, 2024 and 2023, on the fair value of our debt obligations of a hypothetical decrease in interest rates of 100 bps applied instantly across the U.S. yield curve (an immediate time horizon was used as this presents the worst case scenario):
89
Table of Contents
Foreign currency management
As a global company
, Chubb entities transact business in multiple currencies. Our policy is to generally match assets, liabilities and required capital for each individual jurisdiction in local currency, which would include the use of derivatives.
The following table summarizes the unhedged portion of net assets (liabilities) in non-U.S. currencies at December 31, 2024 and 2023, and excludes noncontrolling interests:
NM
– not meaningful
(1)
2024 excludes hedged Chinese yuan renminbi net assets of $1.3 billion.
(2)
Includes unhedged portion of euro denominated debt of $2.3 billion and net assets of $1.5 billion in 2024, and $3.1 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively, in 2023. Excludes hedged euro denominated debt of $1.6 billion in 2024 and 2023.
(3)
The unhedged net assets denominated in foreign currencies comprised goodwill and other intangible assets of approximately 47 percent and 52 percent at December 31, 2024 and 2023,