premiums earned on the administrative expense ratio, partially offset by the impact of the large one-off structured transaction described above.
Life Insurance
The Life Insurance segment comprises our international life operations, Chubb Tempest Life Re (Chubb Life Re), and the North American supplemental A&H and life business of Combined Insurance. Effective July 1, 2023, the Life Insurance segment also includes 100 percent of the results of Huatai Group's life and asset management business as required under consolidation accounting. We previously included our share of Huatai results based on our equity method investment within Other (income) expense.
NM - not meaningful
Premiums
Net premiums written increased $861 million in 2024, or $987 million on a constant-dollar basis.
For our international life operations, net premiums written increased 17.1 percent, or 20.5 percent on a constant-dollar basis, primarily due to Huatai Group's life insurance business, as well as strong growth in North Asia, notably Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Korea, including face-to-face channels.
Net premiums written in our Combined Insurance business increased 12.3 percent in 2024, from growth in worksite business of 31.2 percent, partially offset by the non-renewal of a large program.
Deposits
The following table presents deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts:
Deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts (life deposits) are not reflected as revenues in our Consolidated statements of operations in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, new life deposits are an important component of production, and although they do not significantly affect current period income from operations, they are key to our efforts to grow our
63
Table of Contents
business. Life deposits collected increased $981 million in 2024, primarily in Taiwan and from the consolidation of Huatai Life business effective July 1, 2023.
Life Insurance segment income
Life Insurance segment income increased $49 million in 2024, or $75 million on a constant-dollar basis, reflecting the growth in premiums described above, strong underwriting margins in A&H products, expense synergies and higher net investment income from larger assets under management and better portfolio yield.
Corporate
Corporate results primarily include the results of our non-insurance companies, income and expenses not attributable to reportable segments, and loss and loss expenses of asbestos and environmental (A&E) liabilities and certain other non-A&E run-off exposures, including molestation. Effective July 1, 2023, 100 percent of Huatai Group’s non-insurance operations results, comprising real estate and holding company activity, are included in Corporate.
Losses and loss expenses increased in 2024 primarily due to adverse development relating to our legacy asbestos and environmental exposures, and non A&E run-off casualty exposure, including molestation.
Administrative expenses increased in 2024, primarily