2023, are as follows:
The following table presents supplemental unaudited pro forma consolidated information for the periods indicated as though the acquisition of a controlling majority interest in Huatai Group that occurred on July 1, 2023, had instead occurred on January 1, 2022. The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information is presented for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have occurred had the acquisition of a controlling majority interest been consummated on January 1, 2022, nor is it necessarily indicative of future operating results. Significant assumptions used to determine pro forma operating results include amortization of VOBA and other intangible assets.
Cigna’s Accident and Health (A&H) and Life Insurance Business in Asian Markets
On
July 1, 2022
, we completed the acquisition of the life and non-life insurance companies that house the personal accident, supplemental health, and life insurance business of Cigna in several Asian markets. Chubb paid approximately $
5.4
billion in cash for the operations, which include Cigna's accident and health (A&H) and life business in Korea, Taiwan, New Zealand, Thailand, Hong Kong, and Indonesia, collectively referred to as Cigna's business in Asia. This complementary strategic acquisition expands our presence and advances our long-term growth opportunity in Asia. Effective July 1, 2022, the results of operations of this acquired business are reported primarily in our Life Insurance segment and, to a lesser extent, our Overseas General Insurance segment.
The following table summarizes the results of the acquired Cigna business in Asia that were included within our Consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022:
F-23
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
The following table presents supplemental unaudited pro forma consolidated information for the periods indicated as though the acquisition of Cigna's business in Asia that occurred on July 1, 2022, had instead occurred on January 1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information is presented for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have occurred had the acquisition been consummated on January 1, 2021, nor is it necessarily indicative of future operating results. Significant assumptions used to determine pro forma operating results include amortization of VOBA and other intangible assets and recognition of interest expense associated with the repurchase agreement transactions used to effect the acquisition.
3.
Investments
a) Fixed maturities
F-24
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
The following table presents fixed maturities by contractual maturity:
Expected maturities could differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may