other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) were as follows:
F-97
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
The line items in which the service cost and non-service cost (benefit) components of net periodic benefit cost (benefit) are included in the Consolidated statements of operations were as follows:
The weighted-average assumptions used to determine the net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs were as follows:
F-98
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
The weighted-average healthcare cost trend rate assumptions used to measure the expected cost of healthcare benefits were as follows:
Plan Assets
The long-term objective of the pension plan is to provide sufficient funding to cover expected benefit obligations, while assuming a prudent level of portfolio risk. The assets of the pension plan are invested, either directly or through pooled funds, in a diversified portfolio of predominately equity securities and fixed maturities. We seek to obtain a rate of return that over time equals or exceeds the returns of the broad markets in which the plan assets are invested. The target allocation of U.S. plan assets is
55
percent to
65
percent invested in equity securities (including certain other investments measured using NAV), with the remainder primarily invested in fixed maturities and private equity investments. The target allocation of non-U.S. plans varies by country, but the plan assets are principally invested in fixed maturities. We rebalance our pension assets to the target allocation as market conditions permit. We determined the expected long-term rate of return assumption for each asset class based on an analysis of the historical returns and the expectations for future returns. The expected long-term rate of return for the portfolio is a weighted aggregation of the expected returns for each asset class.
In order to minimize risk, the Plan maintains a listing of permissible and prohibited investments. In addition, the Plan has certain concentration limits and investment quality requirements imposed on permissible investments options. Investment risk is measured and monitored on an ongoing basis.
The following tables present the fair values of the pension plan assets, by valuation hierarchy. For additional information on how we classify these assets within the valuation hierarchy, refer to Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
(1)
Excluded from the table above are $
714
million and $
222
million of other investments related to the U.S. Plans and Non-U.S. Plans, respectively, private equities of $
223
million and $
18
million in U.S. Plans and Non-U.S. Plans, respectively, measured using NAV as a practical expedient, and $
3
million in cash and accrued income related to the U.S. Plans.
F-99
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED