collateral on short notice. The fair value of the underlying securities is included in fixed maturities. In contrast to securities lending programs, the use of cash received is not restricted. We report the obligation to return the cash as Repurchase agreements in the Consolidated balance sheets and record the fees under these repurchase agreements within Interest expense on the Consolidated statements of operations.
Refer to Note 4 for a discussion on the determination of fair value for Chubb's various investment securities.
g)
Consolidation of Variable interest entities (VIEs)
Chubb consolidates entities in which it has a controlling interest or is a primary beneficiary of a VIE. Huatai's asset management businesses create investment entities known as consolidated investment products which include mutual funds with primary holdings in fixed maturities. While many investors may not be related parties, Huatai invests in these funds at various ownership percentages. We consolidate the VIEs if we are the primary beneficiary, which is generally when we hold an economic interest of 10 percent or more. The consolidation of VIEs requires us to record 100 percent of both the underlying assets and liabilities of the mutual funds within the Consolidated balance sheets as well as the profit and losses within the Consolidated statements of operations. The relevant amounts attributable to investors other than Chubb are reflected as Noncontrolling interests. Purchases and sales of investments by the consolidated VIEs are reported as operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Where Huatai's ownership in these consolidated investment products is less than 10 percent, we generally would not expect to be the primary beneficiary of these VIEs and would not consolidate. Our economic risk with respect to each investment in a consolidated investment product is limited to our equity ownership and any uncollected management and performance fees. Refer to Note 3 h) for additional information.
h)
Derivative instruments
Derivative instruments are carried at fair value in the Consolidated balance sheets in either Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities or Other assets. We participate in these derivative instruments primarily to mitigate financial risks and manage certain investment portfolio risks and exposures, including assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. We use derivative instruments including futures, options, swaps, and foreign currency forward contracts. Refer to Note 14 for additional information.
Changes in fair value of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments are included in Net realized gains (losses) and changes in fair value of futures contracts on equities related to our variable annuity reinsurance business are included in Market risk benefits gains (losses) in the Consolidated statements of operations.
We also invest in certain derivative instruments that are designated as hedging