securities. Below-investment grade securities are generally unsecured and are often subordinated to other creditors of the issuer. Also, issuers of below-investment grade securities usually have higher levels of debt and are more sensitive to adverse economic conditions, such as recession or increasing interest rates, than investment grade issuers. At December 31, 2024, our corporate fixed income investment portfolio included below-investment grade and non-rated securities which, in total, comprised approximately 14 percent of our fixed income portfolio. Our below-investment grade and non-rated portfolio includes over 1,600 issuers, with the greatest single exposure being $178 million.
We manage high-yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. The allocation to high-yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (BB/B). Our minimum rating for initial purchase is BB/B. Fourteen external investment managers are responsible for high-yield security selection and portfolio construction. Our high-yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience. Holdings are highly diversified across industries and generally subject to a 1.5 percent issuer limit as a percentage of high-yield allocation. We monitor position limits daily through an internal compliance system. Derivative and structured securities (e.g., credit default swaps and collateralized debt obligations) are not permitted in the high-yield portfolio.
75
Table of Contents
Asbestos and Environmental (A&E)
Asbestos and environmental (A&E) reserving considerations
For asbestos, Chubb faces claims relating to policies issued to manufacturers, distributors, installers, and other parties in the chain of commerce for asbestos and products containing asbestos. Claimants will generally allege damages across an extended time period which may coincide with multiple policies covering a wide range of time periods for a single insured.
Environmental claims present exposure for remediation and defense costs associated with the contamination of property or bodily injury as a result of pollution.
The following table presents count information for asbestos claims and environmental claims by account, for direct policies only:
Survival ratios are calculated by dividing the asbestos or environmental loss and allocated loss adjustment expense (ALAE) reserves by the average asbestos or environmental loss and ALAE payments for the three most recent calendar years (3-year survival ratio).
The following table presents the gross and net 3-year survival ratios for Asbestos and Environmental loss and ALAE reserves:
The survival ratios provide only a very rough depiction of reserves and are significantly impacted by a number of factors such as aggressive settlement practices, variations in gross to ceded relationships within the asbestos or environmental claims, and