services of any of our executive officers without suitable replacements being recruited in a reasonable time frame;
46
Table of Contents
•
the ability of our technology resources, including information systems and security, to perform as anticipated such as with respect to preventing material information technology failures or third-party infiltrations or hacking resulting in consequences adverse to Chubb or its customers or partners; the ability of our company to increase use of data analytics and technology as part of our business strategy and adapt to new technologies; and
•
management’s response to these factors and actual events (including, but not limited to, those described above).
The words “believe,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “project,” “should,” “plan,” “expect,” “intend,” “hope,” “feel,” “foresee,” “will likely result,” “will continue,
” and variations thereof and similar expressions, identify forward-looking statements.
You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates such statements were made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Chubb Limited is the Swiss-incorporated holding company of the Chubb Group of Companies. Chubb Limited, which is headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland, and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively, the Chubb Group of Companies, Chubb, we, us, or our) are a global insurance and reinsurance organization, serving the needs of a diverse group of clients worldwide. At March 31, 2025, we had total assets of $252 billion and total Chubb shareholders’ equity, which excludes noncontrolling interests, of $66 billion. Chubb was incorporated in 1985 at which time it opened its first business office in Bermuda and continues to maintain operations in Bermuda. We operate through six business segments: North America Commercial P&C Insurance, North America Personal P&C Insurance, North America Agricultural Insurance, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance, and Life Insurance. For more information on our segments refer to “Segment Information” under Item 1 in our 2024 Form 10-K.
47
Table of Contents
NM - not meaningful
(1)
On a constant-dollar basis. Amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency exchange rates as the comparable current period.
Financial Highlights for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2025
•
Net income attributable to Chubb was $1.33 billion
compared
with $2.14 billion in the prior year period. The decline was due to higher catastrophe losses.
•
Total pre-tax catastrophe losses were $1.64 billion, or 15.9 percentage points of the combined ratio, and include California wildfire losses of $1.47 billion, compared with total pre-tax catastrophe losses of $435 million, or 4.4 percentage points of the combined ratio, in the prior year. Total after-tax net catastrophe losses