sole source of reinsurance risks ceded to ABR Re, and BlackRock, Inc. serves as an investment management service provider. As an investor, Chubb is expected to benefit from underwriting profit generated by ABR Re’s reinsuring a wide range of Chubb’s primary insurance business and the income and capital appreciation BlackRock, Inc. seeks to deliver through its investment management services. In addition, Chubb has an arrangement with BlackRock, Inc. under which both Chubb and BlackRock, Inc. will be entitled to an equal share of the aggregate amount of certain fees, including underwriting and investment management performance related fees, in connection with their respective reinsurance and investment management arrangements with ABR Re. In connection with this arrangement with BlackRock, Inc., we recorded income of $
12
million, $
8
million, and $
7
million in
2024
,
2023
, and
2022
, respectively, which is recorded in Other (income) expense on the Consolidated statements of operations.
ABR Re is a variable interest entity; however, Chubb is not the primary beneficiary and does not consolidate ABR Re because Chubb does not have the power to control and direct ABR Re’s most significant activities, including investing and underwriting. Our ownership interest is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Chubb cedes premiums to ABR Re and recognizes the associated commissio
ns.
F-107
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
Transactions generated under ABR Re agreements were as follows:
Aquiline Capital Partners LLC
Chubb invests in private investment funds managed by Aquiline Capital Partners LLC (collectively, Aquiline Funds), of which its chairman is related to a member of our senior management team. We have more than a three percent ownership interest in these funds and therefore account for them under the equity method of accounting. At December 31, 2024, Chubb has approximately $
152
million of future contribution commitments to Aquiline Funds. Transactions generated from investments in Aquiline Funds are as follows:
Starr Indemnity & Liability Company and its affiliates (collectively, Starr)
We had previously entered into agency, claims services, and underwriting services with Starr, of which its chairman is related to a member of our senior management team. A number of our agreements with Starr were terminated effective as of April 2023. However, Starr continues to provide certain services to Chubb, including claims administration, in respect of insurance policies placed prior to the termination, pursuant to the terms of the applicable agreements. Under the agency agreement, we secured the ability to sell our insurance policies through Starr as one of our non-exclusive agents for writing policies, contracts, binders, or agreements of insurance or reinsurance. Under the claims services agreements, Starr adjusts the claims under policies and arranged for third party