due to increased spending to support growth, including digital growth initiatives.
Integration expenses principally comprised legal and professional fees and all other costs primarily related to the integration activities of the Cigna acquisition. These expenses are one-time in nature and are not related to the on-going business activities of the segments. The Chief Executive Officer does not manage segment results or allocate resources to segments when considering these costs and they are therefore excluded from our definition of segment income.
Refer to the respective sections that follow for a discussion of Net realized gains (losses), Net investment income (loss), Amortization of purchased intangibles, and Income tax expense (benefit). Refer to Notes 11 and 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on Market risk benefits gains (losses) and Other (income) expense, respectively.
Effective Income Tax Rate
Our effective tax rate (ETR) was 15.8 percent, 5.4 percent, and 19.1 percent in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Our ETR reflects a mix of income or losses in jurisdictions with a wide range of tax rates, permanent differences between U.S. GAAP and local tax laws, and the impact of discrete items. A change in the geographic mix of earnings could impact our ETR. The increase in the ETR from 2023 to 2024 was primarily due to a one-time deferred tax benefit recorded in 2023 of $1.14 billion related to the enactment of Bermuda’s new income tax law, and our mix of earnings among various jurisdictions, partially offset by discrete tax items.
64
Table of Contents
Net Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses)
We take a long-term view with our investment strategy, and our investment managers manage our investment portfolio to maximize total return within specific guidelines designed to minimize risk. The majority of our investment portfolio is available-for-sale and reported at fair value.
The effect of market movements on our fixed maturities available-for-sale portfolio impacts Net income (through Net realized gains (losses)) when securities are sold, when we write down an asset, or when we record a change to the valuation allowance for expected credit losses. For a further discussion related to how we assess the valuation allowance for expected credit losses and the related impact on Net income, refer to Note 1 f)
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The effect of market movements on fixed maturities related to consolidated investment products and investments supporting certain participating products in the Huatai portfolio impact Net realized gains (losses). Additionally, Net income is impacted through the reporting of changes in the fair value of public and private equity securities and derivatives,
including financial futures, options, and swaps. Changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on available-for-sale securities, resulting from the revaluation of securities held, changes in cumulative foreign