transactions where the trust funds are set up for the benefit of the ceding companies and generally take the place of letter of credit (LOC) requirements. We have investments in segregated portfolios primarily to provide collateral or guarantees for LOC and derivative transactions. Included in restricted assets at March
11
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – continued (Unaudited)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, are investments, primarily fixed maturities, totaling $
18,079
million and $
17,945
million, respectively, and cash of $
278
million and $
261
million, respectively.
The following table presents the components of restricted assets:
f) Variable interest entities (VIEs)
Consolidated VIEs
Certain subsidiaries of Huatai Group are the investment manager of, and maintain investments in, sponsored investment products that are considered VIEs. We have determined that we are the primary beneficiary and consolidate these investment products if we hold at least 10 percent ownership. Refer to Note 1 g) of our 2024 Form 10-K for further information on our consolidation criteria. The assets of these VIEs are not available to our creditors, and the investors in these VIEs have no recourse to Chubb in excess of the assets contained within the VIEs. Our economic exposures are limited to our investments based on our ownership interest in these VIEs. Our total exposure to these consolidated investment products represents the value of our economic ownership interest.
Unconsolidated VIEs
We recorded an investment in a reserved alternative investment fund (Fund) sponsored and managed by a third-party investment fund manager. The Fund is a variable interest entity; however, Chubb is not the primary beneficiary and does not consolidate the Fund because Chubb does not receive substantially all the risks and returns of the Fund. The carrying value of this investment at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, was $
5.0
billion, which approximates our maximum risk of loss. We have elected to account for this investment using the fair value option, classified as Equity securities on the Consolidated balance sheets. We elected the fair value option so that changes in fair value of the Fund are recorded in Net realized gains (losses) and dividends from the Fund are recorded as Net investment income when declared on the Consolidated statements of operations.
We also do not consolidate sponsored investment products where we have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary. The carrying value of these investments at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, was $
89
million and $
97
million, respectively, and our maximum risk of loss approximates the carrying amount. These investments are classified within Equity securities on the Consolidated balance sheets.
4.
Fair value measurements
a) Fair value hierarchy
Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities is estimated based on the framework established