behalf of highly rated domestic institutions in China.
Chubb Life Re's core business is a Bermuda-based operation which provides reinsurance to primary life insurers, focusing on guarantees included in certain variable annuity products and also on more traditional mortality reinsurance protection. Chubb Life Re's U.S.-based traditional life reinsurance operation was discontinued for new business in January 2010. Since 2007
, Chubb Life Re has not quoted on new opportunities in the variable annuity reinsurance marketplace and our focus has been on managing the current portfolio of risk, both in the aggregate and on a contract basis. This business is ma
naged with a long-term perspective and short-term net income volatility is expected.
10
Table of Contents
Combined Insurance distributes specialty supplemental A&H and life insurance products targeted to consumers and businesses in the U.S. and Canada through both worksite and direct marketing sales. In the U.S., worksite products for mid and large-market employers are distributed through Chubb Workplace Benefits and a strong broker network. Combined U.S. focuses on small to mid-market employers, Main Street brokers and individual sales. In Canada, the business goes to market as Combined Canada, focused primarily on individual sales. Combined Insurance's substantial sales force distributes a wide range of supplemental accident and sickness insurance products, including personal accident, short-term disability, critical illness, Medicare supplement products, and hospital confinement/recovery. Most of these products are primarily fixed-indemnity benefit obligations and are not directly subject to escalating medical cost inflation.
Competitive Environment
Chubb Life's competition differs by location but generally includes multinational insurers, local insurers, joint ventures, and state-owned insurers. Chubb's financial strength and reputation as an entrepreneurial organization with a global presence and strong local management capabilities gives Chubb Life a strong base from which to compete and grow revenues. Combined Insurance competes for A&H business in the U.S. against numerous A&H and life insurance companies across various industry segments.
In China, we also compete for assets under management (AUM) with investment management firms, banks, and other financial institutions that offer products that are similar to those offered by Huatai Group’s asset management companies.
Corporate
Corporate results primarily include results of all run-off asbestos and environmental (A&E) exposures, the results of our run-off Brandywine business, the results of Westchester specialty operations for 1996 and prior years, certain other run-off exposures including molestation exposures, and income and expenses not attributable to reportable segments and the results of our non-insurance companies. The run-off operations do not actively sell insurance products, but are responsible for the management of existing