Interest expense, Amortization of purchased intangibles, and Income tax expense.
55
Table of Contents
Segment Operating Results – Years Ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
We operate through six business segments: North America Commercial P&C Insurance, North America Personal P&C Insurance, North America Agricultural Insurance, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance, and Life Insurance. In addition, the results of our run-off Brandywine business, including all run-off asbestos and environmental (A&E) exposures, and the results of Westchester specialty operations for 1996 and prior years are presented within Corporate.
North America Commercial P&C Insurance
The North America Commercial P&C Insurance segment comprises operations that provide P&C insurance and services to large, middle market, and small commercial businesses in the U.S., Canada, and Bermuda. This segment includes our North America Major Accounts and Specialty Insurance division (large corporate accounts and wholesale business), and the North America Commercial Insurance division (principally middle market and small commercial accounts).
NM – not meaningful
Net Catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development
Catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events:
•2024: Flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, wind events, winter storm losses, Hurricane Helene, and Hurricane Milton.
•2023: Flooding in the U.S., hail, tornadoes, wind events, winter storm losses, and Hawaii wildfires.
•2022: Hurricane Ian losses, winter storm Elliott losses, and other severe weather-related events in the U.S.
Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on prior period development.
56
Table of Contents
Premiums
Net premiums written increased $1,352 million, or 7.0 percent, in 2024, reflecting strong new business and retention, including rate increases. The increase in premiums reflects growth of 7.4 percent in the North America Major Accounts and Specialty Insurance division and 6.5 percent in the North America Commercial Insurance division, and was across most lines of business, most notably in property and casualty lines. This growth was partially offset by declines in financial lines, reflecting a competitive market environment and lower retention, and planned corrective underwriting actions in Major Accounts primary and excess casualty that adversely impacted growth.
Net premiums earned increased $1,592 million, or 8.6 percent, in 2024, reflecting the growth in net premiums written described above.
Combined Ratio
The combined ratio increased in 2024, reflecting higher catastrophe losses and lower favorable prior period development.
The CAY combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses was relatively flat in 2024, reflecting price changes not keeping pace with loss trends in financial lines, offset by a higher percentage of net premiums earned from property lines.
North America Personal P&C Insurance
The North America Personal P&C Insurance segment comprises