calculates Underwriting income (loss) by subtracting Losses and loss expenses, Policy benefits, Policy acquisition costs, and Administrative expenses from Net premiums earned. For both our P&C and Life Insurance segments, another measure of segment performance is Segment income (loss). Segment income (loss) includes Underwriting income (loss), Net investment income (loss), amortization of purchased intangibles acquired by the segment, and other operating income and expense items such as each segment's share of the operating income (loss) related to partially-owned entities, and miscellaneous income and expense items for which the segments are held accountable. We determined that this definition of Segment income (loss) is appropriate and aligns with how the business is managed. We continue to evaluate our segments as our business continues to evolve and may further refine our segments and Segment income (loss) measures.
Revenue and expenses managed at the corporate level, including Net realized gains (losses), Market risk benefits gains (losses), Interest expense, Integration expenses, Income tax expense, and Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests are reported within Corporate. Integration expenses are one-time costs that are directly attributable to third-party consulting fees, employee-related retention costs, and other professional and legal fees primarily related to the acquisition of Cigna's business in Asia. These items are not allocated to the segment level as they are one-time in nature and are not related to the ongoing business activities of the segment. The CODM does not manage segment results or allocate resources to segments when considering these costs, and therefore integration expenses are excluded from our definition of Segment income (loss).
Certain items are presented in a different manner for segment reporting purposes than in the Consolidated Financial Statements, including:
•
Losses and loss expenses include realized gains and losses on crop derivatives. These derivatives were purchased to provide economic benefit, in a manner similar to reinsurance protection, in the event that a significant decline in commodity pricing impacts underwriting results. We view gains and losses on these derivatives as part of the results of our underwriting operations, and therefore, realized gains (losses) from these derivatives are reclassified to losses and loss expenses.
•
Policy ben
efits include fair value changes on separate accounts that do not qualify for separate accounting under U.S. G
AAP. These gains and losses have been reclassified from Other (income) expense. We view gains and losses from fair value changes in both separate account assets and liabilities as part of the results of our underwriting operations, and therefore these gains and losses are reclassified to Policy benefits. Policy benefits also include the impact of realized gains and losses on investment portfolios supporting certain participating