approximately
64.2
percent to approximately
69.6
percent. At that time, Chubb discontinued the equity method of accounting and applied consolidation accounting. Accordingly, Chubb remeasured the
64.2
percent equity method investment to its fair value of $
4.1
billion as of July 1, 2023, resulting in a one-time realized gain of $
763
million after-tax, reflecting the remeasurement of the previously held equity interest's historical carrying value to fair value. There was also a net realized and unrealized loss of $
17
million after-tax reflecting the write-off of AOCI loss balances accumulated while under equity method accounting of $
611
million with an offset to realized loss of $
628
million.
In the first quarter of 2024, we closed on incremental ownership interests of approximately
9.0
percent for $
555
million, $
319
million of which was paid prior to 2024, and $
236
million of which was paid in 2024. Our aggregate ownership interest in Huatai Group was approximately
85.5
percent as of December 31, 2024. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we entered into an agreement to purchase approximately
1.0
percent of incremental ownership interests. Chubb has total outstanding agreements for approximately
1.6
percent of incremental ownership interests, pending completion of certain closing conditions.
F-21
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
The acquisition of a controlling majority interest in Huatai Group on July 1, 2023, generated $
3,458
million of Goodwill, attributable to expected growth and profitability, and $
1,655
million of Other intangible assets. None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Additionally, the acquisition generated $
309
million of Value of business acquired (VOBA). Chubb financed the transaction through available cash on hand. Direct costs related to the acquisition are immaterial, and were expensed as incurred. These include one-time costs that are directly attributable to third-party consulting fees and other professional and legal fees related to the acquisition.
The following table summarizes the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed on July 1, 2023.
Huatai Group's life insurance and asset management businesses are included in the Life Insurance segment, and Huatai Group's P&C business is included in the Overseas General Insurance segment. Results for Huatai Group's non-insurance operations, comprising real estate and holding company activity, are included in Corporate.
The following table summarizes the results of the acquired Huatai Group operations since the acquisition date that have been included within our Consolidated statements of operations:
F-22
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
The purchase price allocation to intangible assets recorded in connection with the Huatai Group acquisition and their related useful lives at July 1,