variable interest entities balances of $815 million, in repurchase agreements outstanding with various maturities over the next five months.
In addition to cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements, we have agreements with a third-party bank provider which implemented two international multi-currency notional cash pooling programs to enhance cash management efficiency during periods of short-term timing mismatches between expected inflows and outflows of cash by currency. The programs allow us to optimize investment income by avoiding portfolio disruption. In each program, participating Chubb entities establish deposit accounts in different currencies with the bank provider. Each day the credit or debit balances in every account are notionally translated into a single currency (U.S. dollars) and then notionally pooled. The bank extends overdraft credit to all participating Chubb entities as needed, provided that the overall notionally pooled balance of all accounts in each pool at the end of each day is at least zero. Chubb entities may incur overdraft balances as a means to address short-term liquidity needs. Any overdraft balances incurred under this program by a Chubb entity would be guaranteed by Chubb Limited (up to $300 million in the aggregate). Our syndicated letter of credit facility allows for same day drawings to fund a net pool overdraft should participating Chubb entities withdraw contributed funds from the pool.
83
Table of Contents
Capital Resources
Capital resources consist of funds deployed or available to be deployed to support our business operations.
(1)
Capital Supplementary Bonds issued by Huatai Life.
(2)
For purposes of calculating leverage ratios, Huatai debt is based on Chubb's share (excluding noncontrolling interest).
The ratios of financial debt to total capitalization in the table above are lower at December 31, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023, from the increase in shareholders' equity, principally reflecting strong net income.
In March 2024, Chubb INA issued $1.0 billion of 5.00 percent senior notes due March 2034. Chubb INA's $700 million of 3.35 percent senior notes due May 2024 was paid upon maturity. In July 2024, Chubb INA issued $700 million of 4.65 percent senior notes due August 2029 and $600 million of 5.00 percent senior notes due March 2034. In November 2024, Huatai Life issued 800 million Chinese yuan renminbi ($111 million based on the foreign exchange rate at the date of issuance) of 2.90 percent senior notes due November 2034. These notes are classified as regulatory capital for local statutory purposes. Chubb INA's €700 million of 0.3 percent Euro denominated senior notes due December 2024 was paid upon maturity. Refer to Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details about debt issued and debt redeemed.
Repurchase agreements are excluded from the table above and are disclosed separately from short-term debt in the Consolidated balance sheets.