specialty insurers in London and is an established lead underwriter on a significant portion of the risks it underwrites for all lines of business. All lines of business face competition, depending on the business class, from Lloyd's syndicates, other carriers operating in the London market, and other major international insurers and reinsurers. Competition for international risks is also seen from domestic insurers in the country of origin of the insured. CGM differentiates itself from competitors through long standing experience in its product lines, its multiple insurance entities (Syndicate 2488 and CEG), and the quality of its underwriting and claims service.
8
Table of Contents
Global Reinsurance (3 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE)
Overview
The Global Reinsurance segment represents Chubb's reinsurance operations comprising Chubb Tempest Re Bermuda, Chubb Tempest Re USA, Chubb Tempest Re International, and Chubb Tempest Re Canada. Global Reinsurance markets its reinsurance products worldwide primarily through reinsurance brokers under the Chubb Tempest Re brand name and provides a broad range of traditional and non-traditional reinsurance coverage to a diverse array of primary P&C companies.
Products and Distribution
Global Reinsurance services clients globally through its major units. Major international brokers submit business to one or more of these units' underwriting teams who have built strong relationships with both key brokers and clients by providing a responsive, client-focused approach to risk assessment and pricing. Global Reinsurance’s diversified portfolio is produced through reinsurance intermediaries.
Chubb Tempest Re Bermuda principally provides property catastrophe reinsurance to insurers of commercial and personal property. Property catastrophe reinsurance protects a ceding company against an accumulation of losses covered by its issued insurance policies, arising from a common event or occurrence. Chubb Tempest Re Bermuda underwrites reinsurance principally on an excess of loss basis, meaning that its exposure only arises after the ceding company's accumulated losses have exceeded the attachment point of the reinsurance treaty. Chubb Tempest Re Bermuda also writes other types of reinsurance on a limited basis for some select clients.
Chubb Tempest Re USA offers an array of traditional and specialty P&C reinsurance for the North American market, principally on a treaty basis, with a focus on writing property and casualty reinsurance. Chubb Tempest Re USA underwrites reinsurance on both a proportional and excess of loss basis.
Chubb Tempest Re International offers an array of traditional and specialty P&C reinsurance to insurance companies worldwide, with emphasis on non-U.S. and non-Canadian risks, including but not limited to property, property catastrophe, casualty, and specialty. Chubb Tempest Re International underwrites reinsurance on both a proportional and excess of loss basis.
Chubb Tempest Re Canada offers an