results of operations. We have implemented a risk-based approach to identify and assess the cybersecurity threats that could affect our business and information systems, and we evaluate changes and enhancements to our technology environment as well as conduct third-party assessments to confirm that they meet our information security control requirements. Our cybersecurity program and control environment incorporate appropriate industry standards and best practices, such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cyber Security Framework (NIST CSF), and are designed to comply with numerous U.S. federal and state and international laws, rules, and regulations governing the protection of personal and confidential information of our clients and employees. We use various tools and methods to assess, identify, and manage cybersecurity risk that are tested regularly, including the following:
Technological Tools
Chubb uses information security tools designed to protect information and systems. Our Information Security team regularly monitors these tools to discover and respond promptly to anomalous and suspicious patterns. We also participate in information sharing networks (government and private) and deploy system updates and other technologies.
Employee Training
We endeavor to provide all employees with data protection training. Employees involved with information protection, privacy, and other risk management specialties also engage in specialized role-based training as is practicable. We use a variety of training methods, including computer-based training, role-based training, company intranet awareness campaigns, and various simulation exercises.
34
Table of Contents
Data Protection Culture
Chubb actively promotes a data protection culture. We maintain policies and standards designed to protect personal and corporate information. The policies and standards are developed by a multi-disciplinary team, with participation from information security and IT compliance, privacy, IT legal, compliance, and business representatives.
Risk Assessments and Operational Audit
Our information security policies and protocols undergo regular assessments and audits, and we engage with external parties to review our protections, including benchmarking to industry standards and best practices, such as the NIST CSF. In addition, we benchmark our programs against key regulatory frameworks and conduct technical assessments of our controls, which may include penetration testing and other technical testing. These processes are integrated into our established Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework, which is led by Chubb's senior management and overseen by our Board's Risk & Finance Committee. Refer to “Enterprise Risk Management“ under Item 1 for further description of our ERM function and Board oversight.
Chubb uses risk-based processes to oversee and identify cybersecurity risks associated with the use of third-party service providers and third-party