March 3, 2025
, we entered into agreements to acquire the insurance businesses of Liberty Mutual in Thailand and Vietnam. The two companies, LMG Insurance in Thailand and Liberty Insurance in Vietnam, offer a range of consumer and commercial P&C products. On
April 1, 2025
, we completed the acquisition of LMG Insurance in Thailand. We expect to complete the acquisition of Liberty Insurance in Vietnam later in 2025 or early 2026, subject to required regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. The results of operations of these businesses will be reported in our Overseas General Insurance segment.
Huatai Group
Our aggregate ownership interest in Huatai Group was approximately
85.5
percent as of March 31, 2025. In the second quarter of 2025, we closed on incremental ownership interests of approximately
0.6
percent. Chubb has total outstanding agreements for approximately
1.0
percent of incremental ownership interests, pending completion of certain closing conditions.
7
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – continued (Unaudited)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
3.
Investments
a) Fixed maturities
The following table presents fixed maturities by contractual maturity:
Expected maturities could differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations, with or without call or prepayment penalties.
b) Gross unrealized loss
Fixed maturities in an unrealized loss position at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, comprised both investment grade and below investment grade securities for which fair value declined, principally due to rising interest rates since the date of purchase. Refer to Note 1 f) in the 2024 Form 10-K for further information on factors considered in the evaluation of expected credit losses.
8
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – continued (Unaudited)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
The following tables present, for available-for-sale (AFS) fixed maturities in an unrealized loss position (including securities on loan) that are not deemed to have expected credit losses, the aggregate fair value and gross unrealized loss by length of time the security has continuously been in an unrealized loss position:
At March 31, 2025, the tax benefit on certain unrealized losses in our investment portfolio was reduced by a valuation allowance of $
491
million necessary due to limitations on the utilization of these losses for tax purposes. As part of evaluating whether it was more likely than not that we could record a tax benefit on these losses, we considered realized gains, carryback capacity and available tax planning strategies.
The following table presents a roll-forward of valuation allowance for expected credit losses on fixed maturities:
9
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – continued (Unaudited)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
c) Net realized gains (losses)
The following table presents the components of net realized