mortgage-backed security strategy.
(v) Futures contracts on equities
Under the MRB program, as the assuming entity,
Chubb
is obligated to provide coverage until the expiration or maturity of the underlying deferred annuity contracts or the expiry of the reinsurance treaty. We may recognize a loss for changes in fair value due to adverse changes in the capital markets (e.g., declining interest rates and/or declining U.S. and/or international equity markets). To mitigate adverse changes in the capital markets, we maintain positions in exchange-traded equity futures contracts, as noted under section "(ii) Futures" above. These futures increase in fair value when the S&P 500 index decreases (and decrease in fair value when the S&P 500 index increases). The net impact of gains or losses related to changes in fair value of the MRB liability and the exchange-traded equity futures are included in Market risk benefits gains (losses) in the Consolidated statements of operations.
d)
Securities lending and secured borrowings
Chubb participates in a securities lending program operated by a third-party banking institution whereby certain assets are loaned to qualified borrowers and from which we earn an incremental return. The securities lending collateral can only be drawn down by Chubb in the event that the institution borrowing the securities is in default under the lending agreement. An indemnification agreement with the lending agent protects us in the event a borrower becomes insolvent or fails to return any of the securities on loan.
The collateral is recorded in Securities lending collateral and the liability is recorded in Securities lending payable in the Consolidated balance sheets.
33
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – continued (Unaudited)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
The following table presents the carrying value of collateral held under securities lending agreements by investment category and remaining contractual maturity of the underlying agreements:
At
March 31, 2025,
and December 31, 2024, our repurchase agreement obligations of $
3,124
million and $
2,731
million, respectively, were fully collateralized. In contrast to securities lending programs, the use of cash received is not restricted for the repurchase obligations.
The fair value of the underlying securities sold remains in Fixed maturities available-for-sale or Other investments, and the repurchase agreement obligation is recorded in Repurchase agreements in the Consolidated balance sheets.
The following table presents the carrying value of collateral pledged under repurchase agreements by investment category and remaining contractual maturity of the underlying agreements:
(1)
Per the repurchase agreements, the amount of collateral posted is required to exceed the amount of gross liability.
Potential risks exist in our secured borrowing transactions due to market conditions and counterparty exposure. With collateral that we pledge, there is a risk that