statutorily required countries. We account for pension benefits using the accrual method. Benefits under these plans are based on employees' years of service and compensation during final years of service. All underlying plans are subject to periodic actuarial valuations by qualified actuarial firms using actuarial models to calculate the expense and liability for each plan. We use December 31 as the measurement date for our defined benefit pension plans.
Under the Chubb Corp plans, prior to 2001, benefits were generally based on an employee’s years of service and average compensation during the last five years of employment. Effective January 1, 2001, the formula for providing pension benefits was changed from the final average pay formula to a cash balance formula. Under the cash balance formula, a notional account is established for each employee, which is credited semi-annually with an amount equal to a percentage of eligible compensation based on age and years of service plus interest based on the account balance. Chubb Corp employees hired prior to 2001 will generally be eligible to receive vested benefits based on the higher of the final average pay or cash balance formulas.
Other postretirement benefit plans
Our assumption of Chubb Corp's other postretirement benefit plans, principally healthcare and life insurance, covers retired employees, their beneficiaries, and covered dependents. Healthcare coverage is contributory. Retiree contributions vary based upon the retiree’s age, type of coverage, and years of service requirements. Life insurance coverage is non-contributory. Chubb funds a portion of the healthcare benefits obligation where such funding can be accomplished on a tax-effective basis. Benefits are paid as covered expenses are incurred. We use December 31 as the measurement date for our postretirement benefit plans.
Amendments to U.S. qualified and excess pension plans and U.S. retiree healthcare plan
In 2016, we harmonized and amended several of our U.S. retirement programs to create a unified retirement savings program. The amendments required a remeasurement of the plan assets and benefit obligations with updated assumptions, including discount rates and the expected return on assets. In 2020, we transitioned from a traditional defined benefit pension program that had been in effect for certain employees to a defined contribution program. Additionally, after 2025, we plan to eliminate a subsidized U.S. retiree healthcare and life insurance plan that is currently in place for certain employees.
F-94
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
Obligations and funded status
The funded status of the pension and other postretirement benefit plans as well as the amounts recognized in the Consolidated balance sheets and Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at December 31, 2024 and 2023, was as follows:
For the U.S. pension plans, the $
162
million actuarial gain