risk-related disclosure internally as well as externally to rating agencies, regulators, shareholders and analysts.
Chubb Group's Risk and Underwriting Committee (RUC) reports to and assists the Chief Executive Officer in the oversight and review of the ERM framework which covers the processes and guidelines used to manage the entire landscape of insurance, financial, strategic, and operational risks. The RUC is chaired by Chubb Group’s Chief Risk Officer (Chair). The RUC meets at least twice a quarter, and comprises Chubb Group's most senior executives which, in addition to the Chair, includes the Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer, Chief Actuary, Chief Claims Officer, Chief Digital Business Officer, General Counsel, Executive Chairman – North America Insurance, President – North America Insurance, President – Overseas General Insurance, and Chief Underwriting Officer.
The RUC is assisted in its activities by Chubb's Enterprise Risk Unit (ERU) and Product Boards. The ERU is responsible for the collation and analysis of risk insight in two key areas. The first relates to external information that provides insight to the RUC on existing or emerging risks that might significantly impact Chubb's key objectives while the second involves internal risk aggregations arising from Chubb's business writings and other activities such as investments and operations. The ERU is independent of the operating units and reports to our Chief Risk Officer. The Product Boards exist to provide oversight for products that we offer globally. A Product Board currently exists for each of Chubb's major product areas. Each Product Board is responsible for ensuring consistency in underwriting and pricing standards, identification of emerging issues, and guidelines for relevant accumulations.
Chubb's Chief Risk Officer also reports to the Board's Risk & Finance Committee, which helps execute the Board's supervisory responsibilities pertaining to ERM. The role of the Risk & Finance Committee includes evaluation of the integrity and effectiveness of our ERM procedures, systems, and information; governance on major policy decisions pertaining to risk aggregation and minimization; and assessment of our major decisions and preparedness levels pertaining to perceived material risks. The Audit Committee meets with the Risk & Finance Committee at least annually in order to exercise its duties under New York Stock Exchange Rules.
Others within the overall ERM structure contribute toward accomplishing Chubb's ERM objectives, including regional management, Corporate Underwriting, Internal Audit, Compliance, external consultants, and managers of our internal control processes and procedures.
Chubb has a comprehensive, coordinated global sustainability program that is embedded in all areas of the organization, and its activities and performance are reported to the executive team. The senior executive