Africa, and the U.S. Within the U.S., nearly 20 percent of our executive level managers are racially diverse, as well as more than 27 percent of the next most senior managers.
•
Investing in opportunities for personal growth and development is a key to our success. These development opportunities help our employees gain exposure and experiences that empower them to grow and contribute and enable our leaders to be intentional in maximizing the potential of each team member. In 2024, over 8,000 employees participated in facilitated learning programs, and close to 3,500 colleagues engaged in programs designed to enhance cultural awareness and inclusion.
•
Our Business Roundtable groups, engagement committees, and inclusion councils strive to support and drive meaningful connections and a sense of belonging across Chubb. Their commitment not only enhances our workplace culture but also drives positive business outcomes. They exemplify Chubb’s culture through their passion, spirit of generosity and dedication to something bigger than themselves.
•
Chubb delivers market competitive compensation and benefits to its employees utilizing benchmarking support from consultants for an external perspective and leveraging analytical tools to monitor and ensure internal pay equity. As an example, Chubb’s 2023 and 2024 U.S. pay equity analysis determined that there was no racial or gender pay gap in Chubb’s U.S. employee population for employees in similar roles.
Segment Information
Chubb operates through six business segments: North America Commercial P&C Insurance, North America Personal P&C Insurance, North America Agricultural Insurance, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance, and Life Insurance. In 2024, consolidated net premiums earned (NPE) was $49.8 billion. On July 1, 2023, in connection with obtaining a controlling ownership interest in Huatai Group, we discontinued equity method accounting and applied consolidation accounting to our investment. Therefore, the business activity for, and the financial position of, Huatai Group is reported at 100 percent on the Consolidated Financial Statements as of that date. The relevant amounts attributable to shareholders other than Chubb are reflected under Noncontrolling interests. Huatai Group's life insurance and asset management businesses are included in the Life Insurance segment, and Huatai Group's P&C business is included in the Overseas General Insurance segment. Results for Huatai Group's non-insurance operations, comprising real estate and holding company activity, are included in Corporate. Refer to Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our segments.
North America Commercial P&C Insurance (40 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE)
Overview
The North America Commercial P&C Insurance segment comprises operations that provide P&C and A&H insurance and services to large, middle market, and small commercial businesses in the U.S., Canada, and Bermuda. This