million of common securities of ACE Capital Trust II. The sole assets of ACE Capital Trust II consist of $
309
million principal amount of
9.7
percent Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures (the Subordinated Debentures) issued by Chubb INA due to mature in April 2030.
Distributions on the Capital Securities are payable semi-annually and may be deferred for up to ten consecutive semi-annual periods (but no later than April 1, 2030). Any deferred payments would accrue interest compounded semi-annually if Chubb INA defers interest on the Subordinated Debentures. Interest on the Subordinated Debentures is payable semi-annually. Chubb INA may defer such interest payments (but no later than April 1, 2030), with such deferred payments accruing interest compounded semi-annually. The Capital Securities and the ACE Capital Trust II Common Securities will be redeemed upon repayment of the Subordinated Debentures.
Chubb Limited has guaranteed, on a subordinated basis, Chubb INA's obligations under the Subordinated Debentures, and distributions and other payments due on the Capital Securities. These guarantees, when taken together with Chubb's obligations under expense agreements entered into with ACE Capital Trust II, provide a full and unconditional guarantee of amounts due on the Capital Securities.
Huatai Life capital supplementary bonds
In November 2024, Huatai Life issued
800
million Chinese yuan renminbi ($
111
million based on the foreign exchange rate at the date of issuance) of
2.90
percent capital supplementary bonds (Bonds), due November 2034. The Bonds will be subordinated to Huatai Life’s policy and general liabilities, are redeemable in November 2029, if certain conditions are met, and are guaranteed by Huatai Group. Principal or interest payments on the Bonds may be deferred if such payments would reduce Huatai Life's solvency adequacy ratio below a required minimum.
F-80
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
Chubb Limited and Subsidiaries
14.
Commitments, contingencies, and guarantees
a) Derivative instruments
Chubb maintains positions in derivative instruments such as futures, options, swaps, and foreign currency forward contracts for which the primary purposes are to manage duration and foreign currency exposure, yield enhancement, or to obtain an exposure to a particular financial market. Chubb also maintains positions in convertible securities that contain embedded derivatives, and exchange-traded equity futures contracts on equity market indices to limit equity exposure in the market risk benefit (MRB) book of business. Derivative instruments are principally recorded in either Other assets (OA) or Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities (AP) in the Consolidated balance sheets. Convertible securities are recorded in either Fixed maturities available-for-sale (FM AFS) or Equity securities (ES), depending on the underlying investment. These are the most numerous and frequent