installments of $0.91 per share after the annual general meeting by way of distribution from capital contribution reserves, transferred to free reserves for payment. The Board will determine the record and payment dates at which the annual dividend may be paid until the date of the 2025 annual general meeting, and is authorized to abstain from distributing a dividend at its discretion. The first three quarterly installments each of $0.91 per share, have been distributed by the Board as expected.
At our May 2023 annual general meeting, our shareholders approved an annual dividend for the following year of up to $3.44 per share, which was paid in four quarterly installments of $0.86 per share at dates determined by the Board after the annual general meeting by way of distribution from capital contribution reserves, transferred to free reserves for payment.
Dividend distributions on Common Shares amounted to CHF 3.15 ($3.59) per share for the year ended December 31, 2024. Refer to Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our dividends.
Cash Requirements
Our cash requirements within the next twelve months include claims payable to claimants and other routine obligations typical to our business, as well as commitments related to our limited partnerships. We expect the cash required to meet these obligations to be primarily generated through a combination of cash on hand, cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements. We believe these sources will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for at least the next twelve months, while maintaining sufficient liquidity for normal operating purposes. We believe our financial strength provides us with the flexibility and capacity to obtain available funds externally through debt or equity financing on both a short-term and long-term basis, if necessary. At
December 31, 2024
, our long-term cash requirements under our various contractual obligations and commitments include:
•
Gross loss payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts
- We are obligated to pay claims under insurance and reinsurance contracts for specified covered loss events. Total cash requirements are not determinable from underlying contracts and must be estimated. Gross loss payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts are estimated at $84.1 billion with $23.8 billion estimated due over the next twelve months. These estimated gross loss payments are inherently uncertain and the amount and timing of actual loss payments are likely to differ from these estimates and the differences could be material. Given the numerous factors and assumptions involved in both estimates of loss reserves and related estimates as to the timing of future loss payments, differences between actual and estimated loss payments will not necessarily indicate a commensurate change in ultimate loss estimates. Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional