in different areas of the U.S. and generally have deductibles ranging from 10 percent to 50 percent of the insured's risk. The USDA's Risk Management Agency (RMA) sets the policy terms and conditions, rates and forms, and is also responsible for setting compliance standards. As a participant in the MPCI program, we report all details of policies to the RMA and are party to a Standard Reinsurance Agreement (SRA). The SRA sets out the relationship between private insurance companies and the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation (FCIC) concerning the terms and conditions regarding the risks each will bear including the pro-rata and state stop-loss provisions, which allows companies to limit the exposure of any one state or group of states on their underwriting results. In addition to the pro-rata and excess of loss reinsurance protections inherent in the SRA, we purchase third-party proportional and stop-loss reinsurance for our MPCI business to reduce our exposure. We may also enter into crop derivative contracts to further manage our risk exposure.
Each year the RMA issues a final SRA for the subsequent reinsurance year (i.e., the 2025 SRA covers the 2025 reinsurance year from July 1, 2024, through June 30, 2025). There were no significant changes in the terms and conditions from the 2024 SRA and, therefore, the new SRA does not impact Chubb's outlook on the crop program relative to 2025.
80
Table of Contents
We recognize net premiums written as soon as estimable on our MPCI business, which is generally when we receive acreage reports from the policyholders on the various crops throughout the U.S. This allows us to best determine the premium associated with the liability that is being planted. The MPCI program has specific timeframes as to when producers must report acreage to us, and in certain cases the reporting occurs after the close of the respective reinsurance year. Once the net premium written has been recorded, the premium is then earned over the growing season for the crops. A majority of the crops that are covered in the program are typically subject to the SRA in effect at the beginning of the year. Given the major crops covered in the program, we typically see a substantial written and earned premium impact in the second and third quarters.
The pricing of MPCI premium is determined using a number of factors including commodity prices and related volatility (i.e., both impact the amount of premium we can charge to the policyholder). For example, in most states, the pricing for the MPCI revenue product for corn (i.e., insurance coverage for lower than expected crop revenue in a given season) includes a factor based on the average commodity price in February. If corn commodity prices are higher in February, compared to the February price in the prior year, and all other factors are the same, the increase in price will increase the corn premium year-over-year. Pricing is also impacted by volatility factors, which measure the likelihood