disease and more. The MPCI program is offered in conjunction with the U.S. Department of Agriculture. MPCI products include revenue protection (defined as providing both commodity price and yield coverages), yield protection, margin protection, prevented planting coverage, and replant coverage. For additional information on our MPCI program, refer to “Crop Insurance” under Item 7.
•
Crop-Hail coverage provides crop protection from damage caused by hail and/or fire, with options in some markets for other perils such as wind or theft. Coverage is provided on an acre-by-acre basis and is available in the U.S. and in some parts of Canada. Crop-Hail can be used in co
njunction with MPCI or other comprehensive coverages to offset the deductible and provide protection up to the actual cash value of the crop.
Chubb Agribusiness comprises Commercial Agribusiness and Farm and Ranch Agribusiness.
•
Commercial Agribusiness offers specialty P&C coverages for commercial companies that manufacture, process, and distribute agricultural products. Commercial products and services include property, general liability for premises/operations and product liability, commercial automobile, workers' compensation, employment practices liability coverage, built-in coverage for premises pollution, cyber and information security, and product withdrawal.
•
Farm and Ranch Agribusiness offers an extensive line of coverages for farming operations from Hobby/Gentleman farms to complex corporate farms and equine services including personal use, boarding, and training. Coverages include farm and ranch structures, automobile and other vehicle coverages, and machinery and other equipment coverages.
Competitive Environment
Rain and Hail primarily operates in a federally regulated program where all approved providers offer the same product forms and rates through independent and/or captive agents. We seek a competitive advantage through our ability to provide superior service to our customers, including the development of digital solutions. Chubb Agribusiness competes against both national and regional competitors offering specialty P&C insurance coverages to companies that manufacture, process, and distribute agricultural products.
Overseas General Insurance (27 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE)
Overview
The Overseas General Insurance segment comprises our retail division Chubb International, which includes Huatai Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd. (Huatai P&C), our wholesale division Chubb Global Markets (CGM), and the international supplemental A&H business of Combined International Insurance, which is no longer writing new business. Chubb International comprises our international retail commercial P&C and corporate A&H traditional and specialty lines serving large corporations, middle market and small customers; consumer A&H and traditional and specialty personal lines business serving local territories outside the U.S., Bermuda, and Canada. CGM, our London-based international