default experience. Holdings are highly diversified across industries and generally subject to a 1.5 percent issuer limit
68
Table of Contents
as a percentage of high-yield allocation. We monitor position limits daily through an internal compliance system. Derivative and structured securities (e.g., credit default swaps and collateralized debt obligations) are not permitted in the high-yield portfolio.
Refer to Item 7 in our 2024 Form 10-K for a description of our critical accounting estimates. Except as shown in the table below, there have been no material changes to our critical accounting estimates since December 31, 2024.
Unpaid losses and loss expenses
As an insurance and reinsurance company, we are required by applicable laws and regulations and U.S. GAAP to establish loss and loss expense reserves for the estimated unpaid portion of the ultimate liability for losses and loss expenses under the terms of our policies and agreements with our insured and reinsured customers. With the exception of certain structured settlements, for which the timing and amount of future claim payments are reliably determinable, and certain reserves for unsettled claims, our loss reserves are not discounted for the time value of money.
The following table presents a roll-forward of our unpaid losses and loss expenses:
(1)
Net of valuation allowance for uncollectible reinsurance.
The estimate of the liabilities includes provisions for claims that have been reported but are unpaid at the balance sheet date (case reserves) and for obligations on claims that have been incurred but not reported (IBNR) at the balance sheet date. IBNR may also include provisions to account for the possibility that reported claims may settle for amounts that differ from the established case reserves. Loss reserves also include an estimate of expenses associated with processing and settling unpaid claims (loss expenses).
Refer to Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion on the changes in the loss reserves.
69
Table of Contents
We actively monitor and manage our catastrophe risk accumulation around the world from natural perils, which includes setting risk limits based on probable maximum loss (PML) and purchasing catastrophe reinsurance to ensure sufficient liquidity and capital to meet the expectations of regulators, rating agencies, and policyholders, and to provide shareholders with an appropriate risk-adjusted return. Chubb uses internal and external data together with sophisticated, analytical catastrophe loss and risk modeling techniques to ensure an appropriate understanding of risk, including diversification and correlation effects, across different product lines and territories. The table below presents our modeled pre-tax estimates of natural catastrophe PML, net of reinsurance, at March 31, 2025, and does not represent our expected catastrophe losses for any one year.
(1)
Worldwide aggregate includes modeled losses arising from tropical cyclones,