reflect all recent trends in tort environments. For example, when applying the reported loss development method, the lengthening of our selected loss development patterns by six months would increase reserve estimates on long-tail casualty and financial lines for accident years 2022 and prior by approximately $500 million. This represents an impact of 10.1 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $4.9 billion.
Global Reinsurance
At December 31, 2024, net unpaid losses and loss expenses for the Global Reinsurance segment aggregated to $1.9 billion, consisting of $756 million of case reserves and $1,112 million of IBNR. In comparison, at December 31, 2023, net unpaid losses and loss expenses for the Global Reinsurance segment aggregated to $1.7 billion, consisting of $744 million of case reserves and $909 million of IBNR.
For our catastrophe business, we principally estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses on an event basis by considering various sources of information, including specific loss estimates reported by our cedants, ceding company and overall industry loss estimates reported by our brokers, and our internal data regarding reinsured exposures related to the geographical location of the event. Our internal data analysis enables us to establish catastrophe reserves for known events with more certainty at an earlier date than would be the case if we solely relied on reports from third parties to determine carried reserves.
44
Table of Contents
For our casualty reinsurance business, we generally rely on ceding companies to report claims and then use that data as a key input to estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses. Due to the reliance on claims information reported by ceding companies, as well as other factors, the estimation of unpaid losses and loss expenses for assumed reinsurance includes certain risks and uncertainties that are unique relative to our direct insurance business. These include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:
•
The reported claims information could be inaccurate;
•
Typically, a lag exists between the reporting of a loss event to a ceding company and its reporting to us as a reinsurance claim. The use of a broker to transmit financial information from a ceding company to us increases the reporting lag. Because most of our reinsurance business is produced by brokers, ceding companies generally first submit claim and other financial information to brokers, who then report the proportionate share of such information to each reinsurer of a particular treaty. The reporting lag generally results in a longer period of time between the date a claim is incurred and the date a claim is reported compared with direct insurance operations. Therefore, the risk of delayed recognition of loss reserve development is higher for assumed reinsurance than for direct insurance lines; and
•
The historical claims data for a particular reinsurance contract can be limited relative to our