have issued and will continue to consider regulations or guidelines on the use of external data, algorithms, and AI in insurance practices. The European Parliament and European Council have also promulgated the European Union Artificial Intelligence Act, which will regulate the use of AI within the European Union. The application of existing law and introduction of new or revised laws and regulations may require changes in our operations, increase compliance costs and reduce benefits from our adoption of artificial intelligence technologies.
Our worldwide operations, particularly in developing nations, expose us to global geopolitical developments that could have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition.
With operations in 54 countries and territories, we provide insurance and reinsurance products and services to a diverse group of clients worldwide, including operations in various developing nations. Both current and future foreign operations could be adversely affected by unfavorable geopolitical developments, including law changes; tax changes; changes in trade policies; changes to visa or immigration policies; regulatory restrictions; government leadership changes; political events and upheaval; sociopolitical instability; social, political or economic instability resulting from climate change; and nationalization of our
28
Table of Contents
operations without compensation. Adverse activity in any one country could negatively impact operations, increase our loss exposure under certain of our insurance products, and could otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition, depending on the magnitude of the events and our net financial exposure at that time in that country.
A failure in our operational systems or infrastructure or those of third parties, including due to security breaches or cyber-attacks, could disrupt business, damage our reputation, and cause losses.
Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information and assets, including in our computer systems and networks and those of third-party service providers. Our business depends on effective information security and systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data our information systems use to run our business. Our ability to adequately price products and services, to establish reserves, to provide effective, efficient and secure service to our customers, to value our investments and to timely and accurately report our financial results also depends significantly on the integrity and availability of the data we maintain, including that within our information systems, as well as data in and assets held through third-party service providers and systems. Like all global companies, our systems and those of our third-party service providers, have been, and will likely continue to be, targeted by or subject to