adequate level of profitability. We also achieve a competitive advantage through Major Accounts’ innovative product offerings and our ability to provide multiple products to a single client due to our nationwide local presence. In addition, all our domestic commercial units are able to deliver global products and coverage to customers in concert with our Overseas General Insurance segment.
North America Personal P&C Insurance (12 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE)
Overview
The North America Personal P&C Insurance segment includes the business written by Chubb Personal Risk Services division, which includes high-net-worth personal lines business, with operations in the U.S. and Canada. This segment provides affluent and high-net-worth individuals and families with homeowners, high value automobile and collector cars, valuable articles (including fine arts), personal and excess liability/umbrella, travel insurance, cyber, and recreational marine insurance and services. Our homeowners business, including valuable articles, represented 69 percent of North America Personal P&C Insurance’s net premiums earned in 2024.
Products and Distribution
Chubb Personal Risk Services offers comprehensive personal insurance products and services to meet the evolving needs of high-net-worth families and individuals. Our seamless customer experience and superior coverage protect not only our clients’ most valuable possessions, but also their standard of living. Our target customers consist of high-net-worth consumers with insurance needs that typically extend beyond what mass market carriers can offer. These coverages are offered on both an admitted and excess and surplus lines basis through independent regional agents and brokers, as well as digital partnerships.
Competitive Environment
Chubb Personal Risk Services competes against insurance companies of varying sizes that sell personal lines products through various distribution channels, including retail agents as well as online distribution channels. We achieve a competitive advantage through our ability to address the specific needs of high-net-worth families and individuals, to provide superior service to our customers, and to develop and deploy digital production and processes.
6
Table of Contents
North America Agricultural Insurance (5 percent of 2024 Consolidated NPE)
Overview
The North America Agricultural Insurance segment comprises our U.S. and Canadian based businesses that provide a variety of coverages including crop insurance, primarily Multiple Peril Crop Insurance (MPCI) and crop-hail insurance through Rain and Hail Insurance Service, Inc. (Rain and Hail), as well as farm and ranch and specialty P&C commercial insurance products and services through our Chubb Agribusiness unit.
Products and Distribution
Rain and Hail provides comprehensive MPCI and crop-hail insurance coverages.
•
MPCI is federally subsidized crop protection from numerous causes of loss, including drought, excessive moisture, freeze,