living benefits (GLB) and guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB) products, collectively referred to as market risk benefits (MRB), we are exposed to volatility in the equity and credit markets, as well as interest rates. Our investment portfolio consists primarily of fixed income securities, denominated in both U.S. dollars and foreign currencies, which are sensitive to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. The majority of our fixed income portfolio is classified as available-for-sale. The effect of market movements on our fixed maturities available-for-sale portfolio impacts Net income (through Net realized gains (losses)) when securities are sold, when we write down an asset, or when we record a
change to the allowance for expected credit losses.
Changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates will have an immediate effect on Shareholders' equity and Comprehensive income and, in certain instances, Net income. The effect of market movements on fixed maturities related to consolidated investment products in the Huatai portfolio (Fixed maturities - CIP) impacts Net income (through Net realized gains (losses)). From time to time, we also use derivative instruments such as futures, options, swaps, and foreign currency forward contracts to manage the duration of our investment portfolio and foreign currency exposures, and also to obtain exposure to a particular financial market. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, our notional exposure to derivative instruments was $10.2 billion and $10.4 billion, respectively. These instruments are recognized as assets or liabilities in our Consolidated Financial Statements and are sensitive to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and equity security prices. As part of our investing activities, from time to time we purchase to be announced
88
Table of Contents
mortgage-backed securities (TBAs). Changes in the fair value of TBAs are included in Net realized gains (losses) and, therefore, have an immediate effect on both our Net income and Shareholders' equity.
We seek to mitigate market risk using a number of techniques, including maintaining and managing the assets and liabilities of our international operations consistent with the foreign currencies of the underlying insurance and reinsurance businesses, thereby limiting exchange rate risk to net assets denominated in foreign currencies. From time to time, we use derivatives to hedge planned cross-border transactions, and designate certain derivatives to hedge foreign currency risk on our euro denominated debt and exposure in the net investments of certain foreign subsidiaries.
The following is a discussion of our primary market risk exposures at December 31, 2024. Our policies to address these risks in 2024 were not materially different from 2023. We do not currently anticipate significant changes in our primary market risk exposures or in how those exposures are managed in future reporting periods based