grouped into cohorts by coverage type and issue year to determine a liability for future policy benefits. The future policy benefit liability (FPBL) is the present value of estimated future policy benefits to be paid to or on behalf of policyholders and certain related expenses less the present value of estimated future net premiums to be collected from policyholders and is accrued as premium revenue is recognized. The valuation of this liability requires management to make estimates and assumptions regarding expenses, mortality, and persistency. Estimates are primarily based on historical experience. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates.
The liability is adjusted for differences between actual and expected experience. With the exception of the expense assumption, we review our future cash flow assumptions at least annually to determine if the net premium ratio (NPR), the mechanism to record the liability as premium is earned, should be changed at that time. We have elected to use expense assumptions that are locked in at contract inception and are not subsequently reviewed or updated. Each quarter, we update the cash flows expected over the entire life of each cohort for actual historical experience and projected future cash flows. These updated cash flows are used to calculate the revised NPR, which is used to derive an updated FPBL as of the beginning of the current reporting period, discounted at the original contract issuance discount rate. This amount is then compared to the carrying amount of the liability as of that same date, but before the updating of cash flow assumptions, to determine the current period change in FPBL. This current period change in the liability is the remeasurement gain or loss and is recorded in Policy benefits in the Consolidated statements of operations. In subsequent periods, the revised NPR is used to record the FPBL until future revisions become required.
For traditional and limited-payment contracts, the discount rate assumption is based on an upper-medium grade fixed-income instrument yield. An equivalent rate is derived based on A-credit-rated fixed-income instruments with similar duration to the liability. The discount rate assumption is updated quarterly and used to remeasure the liability at each reporting date, with the resulting change reflected in Other comprehensive income. For liability cash flows that are projected beyond the duration of market-observable A-credit-rated fixed-income instruments, we use the last market-observable yield level, as the basis for a linear interpolation to determine yield assumptions for durations that do not have market-observable yields.
Deferred profit liability
For limited-payment products, gross premiums received in excess of net premiums are deferred at initial recognition as a deferred profit liability (DPL) and recorded as a component of Future policy benefits in the Consolidated balance sheets. Net premiums are measured using actual cash