the Risk & Finance Committee, Chubb's governance over investment management is rigorous and ongoing. Among its responsibilities, the Risk & Finance Committee of the Board:
•
reviews and approves asset allocation targets and investment policy to ensure that it is consistent with our overall goals, strategies, and objectives;
•
reviews and approves investment guidelines to ensure that appropriate levels of portfolio liquidity, credit quality, diversification, and volatility are maintained; and
•
systematically reviews the portfolio's exposures including any potential violations of investment guidelines.
We have long-standing global credit limits for our entire portfolio across the organization and for individual obligors. Exposures are aggregated, monitored, and actively managed by our Global Credit Committee, comprising senior executives, including our Chief Financial Officer, our Chief Risk Officer, our Chief Investment Officer, and our Treasurer.
Within the guidelines and asset allocation parameters established by the Risk & Finance Committee, individual investment committees of the segments determine tactical asset allocation. Additionally, these committees review all investment-related activity that affects their operating company, including the selection of outside investment advisors, proposed asset allocation changes, and the systematic review of investment guidelines.
For additional information regarding the investment portfolio, including breakdowns of the sector and maturity distributions, refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8.
Regulation
Our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries conduct business globally, including in all 50 states of the United States, the District of Columbia, and all U.S. Territories. Our business is subject to varying degrees of regulation and supervision in each of the jurisdictions in which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are domiciled and on a group basis. The laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are domiciled require among other things that these subsidiaries maintain minimum levels of statutory capital, surplus, and liquidity, meet solvency standards, and submit to periodic examinations of their financial condition. The complex regulatory environments in which Chubb operates are subject to change and are regularly monitored.
Group Supervision
The Pennsylvania Insurance Department (Department) is the group-wide supervisor for the Chubb Group of Companies. In consultation with other insurance regulatory bodies that oversee Chubb's insurance activities, the Department has convened the Chubb Supervisory College (College) bi-annually since 2012, with regulator-only interim Colleges held in intervening years since 2017. The most recent College was held in October 2024. During these meetings, the College reviewed extensive information about Chubb, without material adverse comment.
The following is an overview of