Catastrophe Losses and Prior Period Development
We generally define catastrophe loss events consistent with the definition of the Property Claims Service (PCS) for events in the U.S. and Canada. PCS defines a catastrophe as an event that causes damage of $25 million or more in insured losses and affects a significant number of insureds. For events outside of the U.S. and Canada, we generally use a similar definition. Catastrophe losses are net of reinsurance and include reinstatement premiums, which are additional premiums paid on certain reinsurance agreements in order to reinstate coverage that had been exhausted by loss occurrences. The reinstatement premium amount is typically a pro rata portion of the original ceded premium paid based on how much of the reinsurance limit had been exhausted.
Prior period development (PPD) arises from changes to loss estimates recognized in the current year that relate to loss events that occurred in previous calendar years and excludes the effect of losses from the development of earned premium from previous accident years. PPD includes adjustments relating to either profit commission reserves or policyholder dividend reserves based on actual claim experience that develops after the policy period ends. The expense adjustments correlate to the prior period loss development on these same policies.
Refer to the Non-GAAP Reconciliation section for further information on reinstatement premiums on catastrophe losses and adjustments to prior period development.
Catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events:
• 2024: Severe weather-related events in the U.S. and internationally, including Hurricane Helene of $390 million and Hurricane Milton of $309 million.
•
2023: Severe weather-related events in the U.S. and internationally, Hawaii wildfires, and New Zealand storms.
• 2022: Hurricane Ian losses of $975 million, winter storm Elliott losses of $400 million, severe weather-related events in the U.S. and internationally, Australia storms, and Colorado wildfires.
Pre-tax net favorable PPD for 2024 was $1,152 million in our active companies, including favorable development of $1,144 million in short-tail lines, mainly in property, marine, and U.S. homeowners, and favorable development of $8 million in long-tail lines, comprising favorable development in workers’ compensation mostly offset by adverse development in casualty lines,
54
Table of Contents
predominantly commercial excess and umbrella and commercial auto liability. Our corporate run-off portfolio had adverse development of $296 million, with $166 million related to legacy asbestos and environmental exposures, and $58 million related to molestation claims.
Pre-tax net favorable PPD for 2023 was $1,050 million in our active companies, including favorable development of $921 million in short-tail lines, mainly in property, and surety lines, and favorable development of $129 million in long-tail lines, comprising favorable development in workers’