administrator that performs claims management and risk control services for domestic and international organizations as well as for the North America Commercial P&C Insurance segment. ESIS services include comprehensive medical managed care; integrated disability services; pre-loss control and risk management; health, safety, and environmental consulting; salvage and subrogation; and healthcare recovery services. The net results for ESIS are included in North America Commercial P&C Insurance’s administrative expenses.
Westchester is our wholesale and specialty division that serves the market for business risks that tend to be hard to place or not easily covered by traditional policies due to unique or complex exposures. Westchester provides specialty products for property,
5
Table of Contents
casualty, environmental, professional liability, inland marine, product recall, small business, and pet insurance, with digital and program coverages in the U.S. Products are offered through the wholesale distribution channel. In 2024, Westchester expanded its operations through the acquisition of Healthy Paws Pet Insurance LLC, a managing general agent specializing in pet insurance, from Aon plc. Chubb has been the exclusive underwriter of Healthy Paws Pet Insurance LLC since 2013.
Chubb Bermuda is our high excess retail division which provides commercial insurance products on an excess basis including excess liability, D&O, professional liability, property, and political risk, the latter being written by Sovereign Risk Insurance Ltd., a wholly-owned managing agent. Chubb Bermuda focuses on Fortune 1000 companies and targets risks that are generally low in frequency and high in severity. Products are offered primarily through the Bermuda offices of major, internationally recognized insurance brokers.
Competitive Environment
The Commercial Insurance operations compete against numerous insurance companies ranging from large national carriers to small and mid-size insurers who provide specialty coverages and standard P&C products. Recent competitive developments include the growth of new digital-based distribution models. Westchester competes against a number of large, national carriers as well as regional competitors and other entities offering risk alternatives such as self-insured retentions and captive programs, and also employs digital-based distribution. Chubb Bermuda competes against international commercial carriers writing business on an excess of loss basis.
Major Accounts competes against a number of large, global carriers as well as regional competitors and other entities offering risk alternatives such as self-insured retentions and captive programs. The markets in which we compete are subject to significant cycles of fluctuating capacity and wide disparities in price adequacy. We pursue a specialist strategy and focus on market opportunities where we can compete effectively based on service levels and product design, while still achieving an