goodwill. Goodwill impairment tests are performed annually or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment. For goodwill impairment testing, we use a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not (i.e., more than a
50
percent probability) that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount. If our assessment indicates it is more likely than not that carrying value exceeds fair value, we quantitatively estimate a reporting unit's fair value.
Indefinite lived intangible assets are not subject to amortization. Finite lived intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives, generally with an average original useful life of
25
years. Intangible assets are regularly reviewed for indicators of impairment. Impairment is recognized if the carrying amount is not recoverable from its undiscounted cash flows and is measured as the difference between the carrying amount and fair value.
k)
Unpaid losses and loss expenses
A liability is established for the estimated unpaid losses and loss expenses under the terms of Chubb's policies and agreements. Similar to premiums that are recognized as revenues over the coverage period of the policy, a liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses is recognized as expense when insured events occur over the coverage period of the policy. This liability includes a provision for both reported claims (case reserves) and incurred but not reported claims (IBNR reserves). IBNR reserve estimates are generally calculated by first projecting the ultimate cost of all losses that have occurred (expected losses), and then subtracting paid losses, case reserves, and loss expenses. The methods of determining such estimates and establishing the resulting liability are reviewed regularly and any adjustments are reflected in income in the period in which they become known. Future developments may result in losses and loss expenses materially greater or less than recorded amounts.
Except for net unpaid loss and loss expense reserves for certain structured settlements for which the timing and amount of future claim payments are reliably determinable and certain reserves for unsettled claims, Chubb does not discount its P&C loss reserves. The net undiscounted reserves related to structured settlements and certain reserves for unsettled claims are immaterial.
Included in Unpaid losses and loss expenses are liabilities for A&E claims and expenses. These unpaid losses and loss expenses are principally related to claims arising from remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites and bodily-injury claims related to asbestos products and environmental hazards. The estimation of these liabilities is particularly sensitive to changes in the legal environment including specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims. However, Chubb does not anticipate future changes in laws and regulations in setting its A&E reserve levels.
Also included in