our results of operations.
Our exposure to various commercial and contractual counterparties, our reliance on brokers, and certain of our policies may subject us to credit risk.
We have exposure to counterparties through a variety of commercial transactions and arrangements, including reinsurance transactions, agreements with banks, hedge funds and other investment vehicles, and derivative transactions, that expose us to credit risk in the event our counterparty fails to perform its obligations. This includes exposure to financial institutions in the form of secured and unsecured debt instruments and equity securities.
In accordance with industry practice, we generally pay amounts owed on claims to brokers who, in turn, remit these amounts to the insured or ceding insurer. Although the law is unsettled and depends upon the facts and circumstances of the particular case, in some jurisdictions, if a broker fails to make such a payment, we might remain liable to the insured or ceding insurer for the deficiency. Conversely, in certain jurisdictions, if a broker does not remit premiums paid for these policies over to us, these premiums might be considered to have been paid and the insured or ceding insurer will no longer be liable to us for those amounts, whether or not we have actually received the premiums from the broker. Consequently, we assume a degree of credit risk associated with a broker with whom we transact business. However, due to the unsettled and fact-specific nature of the law, we are unable to quantify our exposure to this risk.
Under the terms of certain high-deductible policies that we offer, such as workers’ compensation and general liability, our customers are responsible for reimbursing us for an agreed-upon dollar amount per claim. In nearly all cases, we are required under such policies to pay covered claims first and then seek reimbursement for amounts within the applicable deductible from our customers. This obligation subjects us to credit risk from these customers. While we generally seek to mitigate this risk through collateral agreements and maintain a provision for uncollectible accounts associated with this credit exposure, an
24
Table of Contents
increased inability of customers to reimburse us in this context could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, a lack of credit available to our customers could impact our ability to collateralize this risk to our satisfaction, which in turn, could reduce the amount of high-deductible policies we could offer.
Since we depend on a few brokers and agents for a large portion of our revenues, loss of business provided by any one of them could adversely affect us.
We market our insurance and reinsurance worldwide, primarily through independent insurance agents, insurance and reinsurance brokers, and bancassurance relationships. Accordingly, our business is dependent on the willingness of these agents and brokers to recommend our