and cash flows. For additional information refer to “Critical Accounting Estimates – Unpaid losses and loss expenses”, under Item 7, and Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8.
12
Table of Contents
Future Policy Benefits
We establish future policy benefits reserves for long-duration contracts which generally cover accident and supplemental health (A&H), term and whole life, and annuity products. These life insurance contracts provide payments for various covered events such as death, disability, life annuity, policy surrender, and policy maturity. Future policy benefits reserves reflect the present value of expected future benefits to be paid less the present value of expected future net premiums, which is the portion of the gross premium used to fund expected future liabilities. Reserves for limited-payment contracts, under which benefits extend beyond the period of premium collection, include a deferred profit liability that represents gross premiums received in excess of expected net premiums. Deferred profit liabilities are amortized over the duration of the underlying insured liabilities. Future policy benefits reserves are recorded in Future policy benefits in the Consolidated balance sheets.
The process of establishing future policy benefits reserves can be complex and is subject to considerable uncertainty, requiring the use of informed estimates and judgments based on numerous factors including discount rates, mortality, morbidity, persistency and unpaid loss adjustment expenses. These assumptions represent management's long-term best estimates. Internal actuaries review, at least annually, best estimate assumptions, which could result in changes to future policy benefits reserves or the associated reinsurance recoverables. Any changes are reflected in our results of operations in the period in which the estimates are changed.
For additional information, refer to "Critical Accounting Estimates – Future policy benefits reserves", under Item 7, and Note 1l) and Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8.
Policyholder Account Balances
Policyholder account balances represent the contract value that has accrued to the benefit of the policyholder as of the balance sheet date. This liability is primarily associated with the accumulated account deposits, plus interest credited, less policyholder withdrawals and other charges against the account balance, as applicable. These policyholder account balances also include certain unearned revenue liabilities, primarily relating to universal life and other savings products, which represent policy charges for services to be provided in future periods. For additional information, refer to Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8.
Investments
Our objective is to maximize investment income and total return while ensuring an appropriate level of liquidity, investment quality, and diversification. As such, Chubb's investment portfolio is