14 i) to the Consolidated Financial Statements, under Item 8, which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 4.  Mine Safety
Disclosures
Item not applicable.
36
Table of Contents
PART II
ITEM 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Our Common Shares have been listed on the New York Stock Exchange since March 25, 1993, with a current par value of CHF 0.50 per share. The trading symbol for our Common Shares is "CB".
We have paid dividends each quarter since we became a public company in 1993. In 2024 and 2023, our annual dividends were paid by way of a distribution from capital contribution reserves (Additional paid-in capital) through the transfer of dividends from Additional paid-in capital to Retained earnings (free reserves) as approved by our shareholders.
Chubb Limited is a holding company whose principal sources of income are dividends and interest income from its operating subsidiaries. The ability of the operating subsidiaries to pay dividends to us and our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders are each subject to legal and regulatory restrictions. The recommendation and payment of future dividends will be based on the determination of the Board of Directors (Board) and will be dependent upon shareholder approval, profits and financial requirements of Chubb and other factors, including legal restrictions on the payment of dividends and other such factors as the Board deems relevant. Refer to Part I, Item 1A and Part II, Item 7 for additional information.
The number of record holders of Common Shares as of February 20, 2025, was 6,594. This is not the actual number of beneficial owners of Chubb's Common Shares since most of our shareholders hold their shares through a stockbroker, bank or other nominee rather than directly in their own names.
Refer to Part III, Item 12 for information relating to compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance.
Issuer's Repurchases of Equity Securities for the Three Months Ended December 31, 2024
(1)
This column represents open market share repurchases and the surrender to Chubb of Common Shares to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees and to cover the cost of the exercise of options by employees through stock swaps.
(2)
The aggregate value of shares purchased in the three months ended December 31, 2024, as part of the publicly announced plan was $725 million. Refer to Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the Chubb Limited securities repurchase authorizations.
(3)
For the period January 1, 2025, through February 26, 2025, we repurchased 543,782 Common Shares for a total of $148 million in a series of open market transactions. As of February 26, 2025, $1.53 billion in share repurchase authorization remained.
37
Table of Contents
Performance Graph
Set forth below is a line graph comparing