offset by decreased spending on marketing at Peacock.
*        *        *
Media segment total costs and expenses included $1.4 billion and
$1.7 billion related to Peacock for the
three months ended
March 31, 2025 and 2024
,
respectively.
Studios Segment Results of Operations
Studios Seg
ment – Revenue
Content licensing revenue
increased for the three months ended
March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024
primarily due to the timing of when content was made available by our film and television studios.
Theatrical revenue
decreased for
the
three months ended
March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to higher revenue from releases in the prior year period, including
Kung Fu Panda 4
and
Migration
, compared to revenue from recent releases impacting the current year period, including
Dog Man
and
Nosferatu
.
21
Table of Contents
Studios Segment – Costs and Expenses
Programming and production costs
increased for the three months ended
March 31, 2025
compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to higher costs associated with content licensing sales.
Marketing and promotion expenses
decreased for the
three months ended
March 31, 2025
compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to decreased spending on recent and upcoming theatrical film releases in the current year period.
Theme Parks Segment Results of Operations
Them
e parks segment revenue
decreased for the
three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to decreased attendance at our domestic theme parks.
Theme parks segment costs and expenses
increased for the
three months ended March 31, 2025
compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to preopening costs for Epic Universe ahead of the scheduled opening in May 2025.
Content & Experiences Headquarters, Other and Eliminations
Headquarters and Other Results of Operations
Headquarters and Other expenses primarily consists of overhead, personnel and other costs necessary to operate the Content & Experiences business.
Eliminations
Amounts represent eliminations of transactions between segments in our Content & Experiences business, the most significant being content licensing between the Studios and Media segments, which are affected by the timing of recognition of content licenses.
Eliminations increase or decrease to the extent that additional content is made available to our other segments within the Content & Experiences business. Refer to Note 2 for additional information on transactions between our segments.
22
Table of Contents
Corporate, Other and Eliminations
Corporate and Other Results of Operations
Corporate and Other primarily consists of overhead and personnel costs; Sky-branded video services and television networks in Germany; Comcast Spectacor, which owns the Philadelphia Flyers and the Wells Fargo Center arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and Xumo, our consolidated streaming platform joint venture.
Corporate and Other revenue
decreased for the three