scheduled. Advertisements are generally aired or delivered within one year once all terms and conditions are agreed upon. Revenue from these arrangements is recognized in the period in which advertisements are aired or delivered. Payment terms vary by contract, although terms generally require payment within
30
to
60
days from when advertisements are aired or delivered. We also provide technology, tools, data-driven services and marketplace solutions to customers in the media industry to facilitate the more effective engagement of advertisers with their target audiences and recognize revenue when these services are provided.
Business Services Connectivity Segment
Business Services Connectivity generates revenue from subscribers to a variety of our products and services which are offered to businesses. Our connectivity service offerings for small business locations in the United States primarily include broadband, wireline voice and wireless services that are similar to those provided to our residential customers and include certain other features specific to businesses. Our enterprise solutions offerings for medium-sized customers and larger enterprises also include ethernet network services, advanced voice services and a software-defined networking product. We also have certain business connectivity service offerings in the United Kingdom.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
We recognize revenue as the services are provided over the contract period. Substantially all of our customers are initially under contracts, with terms typically ranging from
2
years for small and medium-sized businesses to up to
5
years for larger enterprises. Customers with contracts may only discontinue service in accordance with the terms of their contracts. At any given time, the amount of future revenue to be earned related to fixed pricing under existing agreements is equal to approximately half of our annual Business Services Connectivity segment revenue, of which the substantial majority will be recognized within
2
years. Customers under contract typically pay on a monthly basis. Installation revenue and sales commissions are generally deferred and recognized over the respective contract terms.
Media Segment
Advertising
Media generates revenue from the sale of advertising on our linear television networks, Peacock and other digital properties.
We have determined that a contract exists for our advertising sales once all terms and conditions are agreed upon, typically when the number of advertising units is specifically identified and scheduled. Advertisements are generally aired or delivered within one year once all terms and conditions are agreed upon. Revenue is recognized, net of agency commissions, in the period in which advertisements are aired or delivered and payment occurs thereafter, with payment generally required within
30
days. In some instances, we guarantee audience ratings for the advertisements. To the extent there is a shortfall in contracts where