respectively.
In 2024, 2023 and 2022, cash payments for operating leases recorded in the consolidated balance sheets were $
1.0
billion, $
963
million and $
965
million, respectively. Lease assets and liabilities associated with operating leases entered into or modified were not material in any period presented.
Contractual Obligation
We are party to a contractual obligation that involves an interest held by a third party in the revenue of certain theme parks. The arrangement provides the counterparty with the right to periodic payments associated with current period revenue which are recorded as an operating expense, and beginning in June 2017, the option to require NBCUniversal to purchase the interest for cash in an amount based on a contractual formula. The contractual formula is based on an average of specified historical theme park revenue at the time of exercise, which amount could be significantly higher than our carrying value. As of December 31, 2024, our carrying value was $
1.1
billion, and the estimated value of the contractual obligation was $
1.8
billion based on inputs to the contractual formula as of that date.
Contingencies
We are subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business. While the amount of ultimate liability with respect to such proceedings and claims is not expected to materially affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial position, any such legal proceedings or claims could be time-consuming and injure our reputation.
Table of Contents
Item 9: Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A: Controls and Procedures
Conclusions regarding disclosure controls and procedures
Our principal executive and principal financial officers, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report, have concluded that, based on the evaluation of these controls and procedures required by paragraph (b) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15, such disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
Management’s annual report on internal control over financial reporting
Refer to Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting on page 57.
Attestation report of the registered public accounting firm
Refer to Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on page 58.
Changes in internal control over financial reporting
There were no changes in internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B:
Other Information
On January 28, 2025, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted Amended and Restated Bylaws of the