asset will not be realized. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, our valuation allowance was primarily related to our foreign net operating loss carryforwards.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
During 2024, we completed an internal corporate reorganization related to certain foreign subsidiaries, which resulted in a federal net capital loss of $
9.1
billion as of December 31, 2024. This capital loss can be carried back and applied against capital gains recognized on our prior federal income tax returns for 2021 through 2023, and as a result, we recognized an income tax benefit and a corresponding refund receivable of $
1.9
billion. Deferred federal income tax has not been recognized on the excess of the financial reporting basis over the tax basis in foreign subsidiaries resulting from the reorganization where indefinite reversal criteria have been met. Any liabilities would be recognized upon a taxable disposition of such subsidiaries; however, the determination of the amount of any unrecognized deferred income tax liabilities is not practicable.
A net current federal tax receivable of $
2.0
billion is included in other current assets within our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024. There were
no
net current federal tax receivables as of December 31, 2023.
Uncertain Tax Positions
Our gross unrecognized tax benefits include both amounts related to positions for which we have recorded liabilities for potential payment obligations and those for which tax has been assessed and paid. The amounts exclude the federal benefits on state tax positions that were recorded to deferred income taxes. If we were to recognize our gross unrecognized tax benefits in the future, $
2.2
billion would impact our effective tax rate and the remaining amount would increase our deferred income tax liability.
The amount and timing of the recognition of any such tax benefit is dependent on the completion of examinations of our tax filings by the various tax authorities and the expiration of statutes of limitations. It is reasonably possible that certain tax contests could be resolved within the next 12 months that may result in a decrease in our effective tax rate. Accrued interest and penalties associated with our liability for uncertain tax positions were not material in any period presented.
The IRS has completed its examination of our income tax returns for all years through 2022. Various states are examining our state tax returns and the tax years of those tax returns currently under examination vary by state, with most of the periods relating to tax years 2011 and forward. Various foreign jurisdictions are examining our tax returns and the tax years of those tax returns currently under examination vary by country, with most of the periods relating to tax years 2010 and forward.
(a)
Rate represents an effective interest rate and includes the effects of amortization of debt issuance costs, premiums, discounts, fair value adjustments for acquisition