advertising in the spring and in the period leading up to and including the winter holiday season, and advertising related to candidates running for political office and issue-oriented advertising, respectively. International advertising revenue typically has seasonally higher audience levels in winter months, with lower levels in summer months due to the timing of European football seasons, winter holidays and summer vacations. Revenue also fluctuates depending on the timing of when our programming is aired, which typically results in additional advertising revenue in the second and fourth quarters of each year.
Revenue in Studios fluctuates due to the timing, nature and number of films released in movie theaters, through DTC streaming services and viewing on demand, and on physical and digital home entertainment products. Release dates are determined by several factors, including competition and the timing of vacation and holiday periods. As a result, revenue tends to be seasonal, with increases experienced each year during the summer months and around the winter holiday season. We incur significant marketing expenses before and throughout the release of a film in movie theaters and as a result, we typically incur losses on a film prior to and during the film’s exhibition in movie theaters. Content licensing revenue also fluctuates due to the timing of when our film and television content is made available to licensees. Revenue from our television studios fluctuates in part due to a correlation with the broadcast network season beginning annually in September.
Revenue in Theme Parks fluctuates with changes in theme park attendance that typically result from the seasonal nature of vacation travel and weather variations, local entertainment offerings and the opening of new attractions, as well as with changes in currency exchange rates. Our theme parks generally experience peak attendance during the spring holiday period, the summer months when schools are closed and the winter holiday season.
Table of Contents
Our other business interests reported in Corporate and Other consist primarily of our Sky-branded video services and television networks in Germany, Comcast Spectacor, which owns the Philadelphia Flyers and the Wells Fargo Center arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Xumo, our consolidated streaming platform joint venture with Charter Communications formed in June 2022. Xumo is focused on developing and offering a streaming platform on a variety of devices, including Xumo TV smart televisions, which have an operating system that leverages our global technology platform, and also operates the Xumo Play streaming service.
Legislation and Regulation
Our businesses are subject to various federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations. In the United States in particular, the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the “Communications Act”), and Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) rules and regulations affect significant