of an acquired film or television library, we generally use the method and the life that most closely follow the undiscounted cash flows over the estimated life of the asset. We do not capitalize costs related to the distribution of a film in movie theaters or the licensing or sale of a film or television production, which primarily include costs associated with marketing and distribution.
We capitalize the costs of licensed content when the license period begins, the content is made available for use and the costs of the licenses are known. Licensed content is amortized as the associated programs are used, incorporating estimated viewing patterns.
Owned and licensed content are presented as noncurrent assets in film and television costs. We present amortization of owned and licensed content and accrued costs associated with participations and residuals payments in programming and production costs.
Film and television productions may be eligible for tax incentives from certain state, local or foreign jurisdictions. These incentives generally provide for transferable or redeemable tax credits upon meeting established levels of qualified production spending within a participating jurisdiction. We record a receivable for a production tax incentive program when there is a reasonable assurance of collection with a corresponding reduction of capitalized film and television costs, and the related amortization.
We may enter into co-financing arrangements with third parties to jointly finance or distribute certain of our film productions. These arrangements can take various forms, but in most cases involve the grant of an economic interest in a film to an investor who owns an undivided copyright interest in the film. The number of investors and the terms of these arrangements can vary, although investors generally assume the full risks and rewards of ownership proportionate to their ownership in the film. We account for the proceeds received from the investor under these arrangements as a reduction of our capitalized film costs and the investor’s interest in the profit or loss of the film is recorded as either a charge or a benefit, respectively, in programming and production costs. The investor’s interest in the profit or loss of a film is recorded each period using the individual film forecast computation method.
When an event or a change in circumstance occurs that was known or knowable as of the balance sheet date and that indicates the fair value of either owned or licensed content is less than the unamortized costs in the balance sheet, we determine the fair value and record an impairment charge to the extent the unamortized costs exceed the fair value. Owned content is assessed either individually or in identified film groups, for content predominantly monetized on an individual basis or with other content, respectively. The substantial majority of our owned content is evaluated for impairment on an individual title basis. Licensed content that is