There can be no assurance that any of these agreements will be entered into or renewed in the future on similar terms. The inability to enter into or renew some or all of these agreements could reduce our revenues and the reach of our programming, which could adversely affect our businesses.
Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of others.
We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our business operations and sell our products and services. Legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violation by third parties could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability, or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question, from importing into the United States or other jurisdictions in which we operate hardware or software that uses such intellectual property or from the continuation of our businesses as currently conducted. We may need to change our business practices if any of these events occur, which may limit our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming, costly to defend and may divert management’s attention and resources away from our businesses. Moreover, if we are unable to obtain, or continue to obtain, licenses from our vendors and other third parties on reasonable terms, or at all, our businesses could be adversely affected.
Table of Contents
In addition, intellectual property constitutes a significant part of the value of our businesses, and our success is highly dependent on protecting the intellectual property rights of the content we create or acquire against third-party misappropriation, reproduction or infringement. The unauthorized reproduction, distribution or display of copyrighted material negatively affects our ability to generate revenue from the legitimate sale of our content, as well as from the sale of advertising in connection with our content, and increases our costs due to our active enforcement of our intellectual property rights. The legal landscape for new technologies, including AI, remains uncertain, and legal developments could impact our ability to protect against unauthorized third-party use, misappropriation, reproduction or infringement or impact our ability to deploy new technologies. Our use or adoption of new and emerging technologies may also increase our exposure to intellectual property claims.
Piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made