regulations. The FCC or other regulatory authorities may adopt new or different regulations for MVNOs and/or mobile broadband providers in the future, which could adversely affect our wireless phone service offering or our business generally.
Voice
We provide voice services using VoIP technology. The FCC has adopted a number of regulations for providers of nontraditional voice services such as ours, including regulations relating to privacy of customer proprietary network information, local number portability duties and benefits, disability access, E911, law enforcement assistance, outage reporting, Universal Service Fund contribution obligations, rural call completion, customer equipment back-up power, robocall mitigation, service discontinuance and certain regulatory filing requirements. State regulatory commissions and legislatures in other jurisdictions may continue to consider imposing regulatory requirements on our voice services as long as the regulatory classification of VoIP remains unsettled at the federal level.
Table of Contents
Spectrum Allocations
The FCC, the Department of Commerce’s National Telecommunications and Information Administration, and other federal agencies have taken, and in some cases are preparing to take, steps to evaluate and potentially modify certain spectrum allocations and rules to make available additional spectrum that likely will be used for licensed and/or unlicensed commercial services, including 5G and Wi-Fi services, which could impact our businesses. We cannot predict the timing or outcome of these spectrum allocation actions. Additional commercial spectrum could impact current marketplace dynamics, including the ability of wireless providers to compete with our services. Further, if the FCC reallocates spectrum that our businesses currently use to provide services, we could be required to transition our operations to different frequencies in order to accommodate the reallocation of spectrum for 5G, which could disrupt our services and impose additional costs.
Certain of our international businesses are subject to telecommunications and media-specific regulation, including those related to broadband and voice services and television networks, in Europe, Latin America, and other international jurisdictions, and all of our international businesses are subject to regulation under generally applicable laws, such as competition, consumer protection, data protection, and taxation in the jurisdictions where they operate. Our international businesses are currently, and may be in the future, subject to proceedings or investigations from regulatory and antitrust authorities in the jurisdictions in which those businesses operate.
Intellectual Property
Copyright, trademark, unfair competition, patent, trade secret and other proprietary-rights laws of the United States and other countries help protect our intellectual property rights. In particular, unauthorized copying, distribution and piracy of programming and