third-party programmed television networks, platforms and related content included in video services we sell to end consumers. Programming is generally acquired under multiyear distribution agreements, with fees typically based on the number of customers receiving the television network programming and a per subscriber fee. Programming distribution arrangements are accounted for as executory contracts with expenses generally recognized based on the rates in the agreements, and the arrangements are not subject to impairment.
Film and Television Content
We incur costs related to the production of owned content and the license of the rights to use content owned by third parties and sports rights on our owned television networks and digital properties, which are described as owned and licensed content, respectively. We have determined that the predominant monetization strategy for the substantial majority of our content is on an individual basis.
Capitalized Film and Television Costs
Production tax incentives reduced
capitalized owned film and television costs
by $
455
million and $
418
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and resulted in a reduction of
programming and production costs
of $
652
million, $
578
million and $
733
million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We have receivables related to our production tax incentives of $
2.2
billion and $
1.9
billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, a substantial majority of which are reflected in other
noncurrent assets
in our consolidated balance sheets.
The table below summarizes estimated future amortization expense for the capitalized film and television costs recorded in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024.
We have future minimum commitments for licensed content that are not recognized in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 totaling $
2.8
billion.
The following table summarizes the amount of accrued participation and residual liabilities that we expect to pay during the upcoming operating cycle.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
Capitalization and Recognition of Film and Television Content
We capitalize costs for owned film and television content, including direct costs, production overhead, print costs, development costs and interest, as well as acquired libraries. Amortization for owned content predominantly monetized on an individual basis and accrued costs associated with participations and residuals payments are recorded using the individual film forecast computation method, which recognizes the costs in the same ratio as the associated ultimate revenue. Estimates of ultimate revenue and total costs are based on anticipated release patterns and distribution strategies, public acceptance and historical results for similar productions. Amortization for content predominantly monetized with other owned or licensed content is recorded based on estimated usage. In determining the method of amortization and estimated life