involvement and input from our Board of Directors, performs an annual enterprise-wide risk management (“ERM”) assessment to identify and manage key existing and emerging risks for our company.
Our ERM process assesses the characteristics and circumstances of the evolving business environment at the time and seeks to identify both the potential impacts to our company of a particular risk and the velocity with which the risk may manifest (e.g., rapidly in less than three months or more slowly in more than twelve months).
Our executive management team has the overall responsibility for, and oversight of, our ERM process, and an ERM steering committee manages the process, with one or more senior business executives then monitoring and managing each of the identified risks.
Cybersecurity is among the risks identified for Board-level oversight as a result of our most recent ERM assessment, with our Audit Committee of the Board overseeing our policies, practices and assessments with respect to cybersecurity.
The Board and/or our Audit Committee receive regular updates throughout the year on cybersecurity.
Each of our Board and Audit Committee separately receives an annual report on cybersecurity matters and related risk exposures from our primary businesses’
Chief Information Security Officers (“CISOs”) and Chief Technology Officers or other similar officers (“CTOs”)
.
Our Audit Committee also receives regular updates on our cybersecurity posture throughout the year, as appropriate.
When covered during an Audit Committee meeting, the chair of the Audit Committee reports on its discussion to the full Board.
In addition to this Board-level oversight, our Cybersecurity Leadership Council (“CLC”) oversees our cybersecurity strategy and is responsible for overseeing and managing our cybersecurity risks. The CLC includes our Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), Chief Legal Officer, head of Internal Audit, Chief Privacy and Data Strategy Officer, and lead internal securities counsel, as well as the CISOs, CTOs, CFOs and General Counsels of our primary businesses. Given the complex and varied nature of our businesses, the Connectivity & Platforms and Content & Experiences businesses each have a dedicated CISO who we believe is appropriately qualified to assess and manage cybersecurity risks. The Connectivity & Platforms CISO has served in various roles in product security and privacy at our company since 2016 and held various leadership and technical positions in Fortune 500 companies before joining our company. The Content & Experiences CISO has served in various roles in information security at our company since 2018 and held various roles in managing security operation center service portfolios and information security before joining our company.
The CLC conducts regular meetings throughout the year during which CISOs provide updates and report on meaningful cybersecurity risks, threats, incidents and vulnerabilities in accordance with the CLC’s reporting