in the United States and internationally to television networks and DTC streaming service providers, as well as through video on demand services provided by multichannel video providers and other service providers.
Content licensing revenue decreased in
2024
primarily due to the timing of when content was made available by our film studios, partially offset by the timing of when content was made available by our television studios under licensing agreements, including the impact of the Writers Guild and SAG work stoppages in the prior year.
Theatrical r
evenue
primarily relates to the worldwide distribution of our produced and acquired films for exhibition in movie theaters.
Theatrical revenue decreased in 2024 primarily due to higher revenue from releases in our 2023 slate, including
The Super Mario Bros. Movie, Oppenheimer
and
Fast X,
compared to revenue from releases in our 2024 slate, including
Despicable Me 4, Wicked, and Kung Fu Panda 4
.
Other revenue
primarily consists of the sale of physical and digital home entertainment products, as well as the production and licensing of live stage plays and the distribution of content produced by third parties.
Studios Segment – Costs and Expenses
Prog
ramming and production costs
primarily consists of the amortization of capitalized film and television production and acquisition costs; residuals and participations expenses; and distribution expenses.
Programming and production costs decreased in 2024 primarily due to lower costs associated with theatrical releases, partially offset by higher costs associated with content licensing sales, including the impact of the Writers Guild and SAG work stoppages in the prior year.
Marketing and promotion expenses
primarily consists of expenses associated with advertising for our theatrical releases.
Marketing and promotion expenses decreased in 2024 primarily due to decreased spending on current year and upcoming theatrical film releases.
Other expenses
include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
Table of Contents
Theme parks segment revenue
primarily relates to guest spending at our theme parks, including ticket sales and in-park spending, and to our consumer products business.
Theme park segment revenue decreas
ed in 2024 primarily due to decreases at our domestic theme parks primarily driven by decreased park attendance, as well as the negative impact of foreign currency at our international theme parks.
Theme parks segment costs and expenses
primarily consists of theme park operations, including repairs and maintenance and related administrative expenses; food, beverage and merchandise costs; labor costs; and sales and marketing costs.
Theme parks segment costs and expenses increased in 2024 primarily due to higher costs associated with park operations and preopening costs for Epic Universe, partially offset by the impact of foreign currency. We expect to incur additional preopening costs for Epic Universe ahead of the expected