This competition has further intensified as certain DTC streaming service providers have commissioned, and may continue to commission, high-cost programming and acquire live sports programming rights to attract viewers at significant costs.
Competitors with significant resources, greater efficiencies of scale, fewer regulatory burdens and more competitive pricing and packaging continue to increasingly compete with our businesses in all forms. Some of these competitors could also have preferential access to customer data or other competitive information. Further, consolidation of, or cooperation between, our competitors may increase competition in all of these areas. For example, cooperation between competitors may allow them to offer a range of products and services, including aggregating certain content into a stand-alone offering, offering free or lower cost DTC streaming services, potentially on an exclusive basis, through unlimited data-usage plans for broadband and wireless services or bundling DTC streaming services on their platforms.
Our competitive position may be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. In addition, our ability to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, business partners, employees, investors and government authorities. For example, some of these constituencies may have their own, and some have conflicting, environmental, social and governance priorities, which may present risks to our reputation and brands if these constituencies perceive misalignment.
Changes in consumer behavior continue to adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models.
Distribution platforms for viewing and purchasing content continue to challenge existing business models, increase the number of competitors that our businesses face, and have driven, and will continue to drive, changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek control over when, where and how they consume content and access communications services, and how much or for how long they pay for such content.
Table of Contents
The number of entertainment choices available to consumers, including DTC streaming service providers and aggregators, social networking and user-generated content platforms, and gaming and virtual reality products and services, continue to increase, intensify audience fragmentation and disaggregate how content traditionally has been distributed to and viewed by consumers. The continuing trend of content owners, including us with Peacock, delivering their content directly to consumers, rather than through, or in addition to, traditional video distribution channels also disrupts traditional media distribution business models. As consumers increasingly turn to DTC streaming services in lieu of linear video services, which continue to experience accelerated net customer losses, our video