exercised our put right requiring Disney to purchase our interest in Hulu and received $8.6 billion, representing $9.2 billion for our share of Hulu’s minimum equity value presented as an advance on the sale of our investment in our consolidated balance sheet, less $557 million for our share of prior capital calls. We expect to receive additional proceeds for the sale of our interest in Hulu following the final determination of Hulu’s fair value pursuant to a third-party appraisal process, at which time we will recognize the sale of our interest. See Note 7.
•
In November 2024, we announced our intention to create SpinCo, a new independent publicly traded company through a tax-free spin-off. We are targeting to complete the Spin-off by the end of 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions. There can be no assurance that a separation transaction will occur, or, if one does occur, of its terms or timing.
Percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with NM.
(a)
Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section on page 44 for additional information, including our definition and our use of Adjusted EBITDA, and for a reconciliation from net income attributable to Comcast Corporation to Adjusted EBITDA.
Table of Contents
Consolidated Revenue
The following graph illustrates the contributions to the change in consolidated revenue made by our Connectivity & Platforms and Content & Experiences businesses, as well as by Corporate and Other activities, including eliminations.
(a) Graph is presented using a truncated scale.
Revenue for our segments and other businesses is discussed separately below under the heading “Segment Operating Results.”
Consolidated Costs and Expenses
The following graph illustrates the contributions to the change in consolidated costs and expenses, excluding depreciation expense and amortization expense, made by our Connectivity & Platforms and Content & Experiences businesses, as well as by Corporate and Other activities, including adjustments and eliminations.
(a) Graph is presented using a truncated scale.
Costs and expenses for our segments and our corporate operations and other businesses are discussed separately below under the heading “Segment Operating Results.”
Consolidated depreciation and amortization expense
increased in 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to increased amortization of certain acquisition-related intangible assets related to the linear media business, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation of our international property and equipment and a decrease in the amortization of software.
Amortization expense from acquisition-related intangible assets totaled $2.7 billion and $2.3 billion in 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amounts primarily relate to customer relationship intangible assets recorded in connection with the Sky transaction in 2018 and the NBCUniversal transaction in 2011.
Table of Contents
Consolidated interest