Programming expenses for our video services are increasing on a per subscriber basis, which could adversely affect our video businesses.
We expect programming expenses for our video services to continue to be the largest single expense item for our Residential Connectivity & Platforms business and to continue to increase on a per subscriber basis. Part of these programming expenses include payments to certain local broadcast television stations in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast network programming to video services customers; we expect to continue to be subject to demands for payment and other concessions from local broadcast television stations. These market factors may be exacerbated by consolidation in the media industry, which may further increase our programming expenses. If we are unable to offset programming cost increases through rate increases, the sale of additional services, cost management or other initiatives, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
Moreover, as our contracts with programming providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms, or at all, in which case we may be unable to provide such programming as part of our video services, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected.
The loss of programming distribution agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could adversely affect our businesses.
Our linear television networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain distribution agreements with traditional and virtual multichannel video providers. The number of subscribers to our television networks has been, and likely will continue to be, reduced as a result of fewer subscribers to multichannel video providers as the media distribution business model changes. Similarly, multichannel video providers may elect not to enter into agreements to distribute some or all of our linear television networks as a result of these changing market dynamics. In addition, our broadcast television networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain network affiliation agreements with third-party local broadcast television stations in the markets where we do not own the affiliated local broadcast television station. Our owned local broadcast television stations must elect, with respect to retransmission by certain multichannel video providers, either “must-carry” status, in which we require the provider to carry the station without paying any compensation to us, or “retransmission consent,” in which we give up our right to mandatory carriage and instead seek to negotiate the terms and conditions of carriage, including the amount of compensation, if any, paid to us by such provider.
For all of these types of arrangements, our ability to renew agreements on acceptable terms may be affected by evolving market dynamics and industry consolidation.