in select markets that will enable us to deliver multigigabit symmetrical broadband speeds (i.e., comparable upstream and downstream speeds), as described in the Network and Technology discussion below.
We offer Xumo Stream Box (formerly Flex) devices to our domestic customers. The Xumo Stream Box provides access to and integration of streaming content and music from certain internet-based apps, including direct-to-consumer streaming services (“DTC streaming services”) such as Peacock, Disney+ and Netflix, and certain pay-per-view and video on demand programming that is available over the internet. We also offer certain bundled DTC streaming services to our broadband customers. We earn commission revenue from the sale of DTC streaming services when sold with our broadband services or through our video platforms, including X1 and Sky Q.
The map below highlights our domestic network footprint and the markets where we had 250,000 or more domestic residential broadband customers as of December 31, 2024.
Our international broadband services primarily include fiber-to-the-cabinet offerings, and increasingly fiber-to-the-premises offerings.
As part of our domestic and international broadband services, we offer to customers our advanced, proprietary wireless gateways that combine an internet modem with a Wi-Fi router to deliver reliable internet speeds and enhanced coverage through an in-and-out-of-home Wi-Fi network. In addition, customers may personalize and manage their Wi-Fi network and connected devices with our mobile apps and online portal. Broadband customers have access to our expanding network of secure Wi-Fi hotspots.
Wireless
We offer wireless services for wireless handsets, tablets and smart watches (“wireless devices”) to residential customers in the United States and the United Kingdom using mobile virtual network operator (“MVNO”) rights. Our domestic wireless services are offered over Verizon’s wireless network and our existing network of secure residential, outdoor and business Wi-Fi hotspots, and are offered initially only as part of our bundled service offerings to customers that subscribe to our qualifying broadband services.
Wireless customers may activate multiple lines per account. We offer domestic customers services on an unlimited data plan, on shared data plans or per gigabyte of data used. In 2024, we began offering prepaid unlimited data plans marketed under the NOW brand. We offer international customers services on various gigabyte plans or an unlimited data plan. Customers may either bring their own device or purchase devices from us with the option to pay upfront or finance the purchase interest-free over 24 months for domestic customers and over 24 to 48 months for international customers.
Table of Contents
Video
We offer video services to residential and business customers primarily through our X1 platform in the United States over our network, and through our Sky Q platform internationally in the United Kingdom and