networks is on regulated terms. The ranges of service levels and speeds we offer are dependent upon the capabilities and reach of these third-party networks. We offer wireless services in the United Kingdom using a combination of a third-party’s network and our own mobile core network.
Our Connectivity & Platforms business engineering teams continue to focus on technology initiatives to develop and deploy next-generation media, content delivery, content aggregation and streaming platforms that support X1, Sky Q, NOW, Sky Stream, Sky Glass, Xumo and our cloud DVR technology. These platforms are based on our global technology platform and integrate linear television networks, owned and third-party DTC streaming services and other internet-based apps, and on demand programming into a unified experience with voice-activated remote control search and interactive features. We also continue to focus on leveraging our own cloud network services to deliver video and advanced search capabilities. Our Connectivity & Platforms business also pursues technology initiatives related to broadband and wireless services that leverage our global technology platform. We provide our customers with in-and-out-of-home Wi-Fi, the ability to manage their Wi-Fi network and connected home with our mobile apps and online portal, advanced security technology, and other features.
Programming
To offer video services, Residential Connectivity & Platforms licenses substantial amounts of linear television programming from third parties and from our Media segment. The fees associated with these distribution agreements are generally based on the number of subscribers receiving the television network programming and a per subscriber fee, although programming expenses for certain television networks are based on a fixed fee. Additionally, certain of our agreements include the rights to offer such programming through multiple delivery platforms, such as through our on demand services, online portal, mobile apps, the Xumo Stream Box, and our NOW and NOW TV streaming services.
Table of Contents
The programming on our Sky-branded entertainment television networks includes content licensed from third parties and from our Studios segment, including certain original content. Our most significant agreements for the licensing of film and television entertainment content include exclusive rights with Paramount, Warner Bros. and our Studios segment.
Other Sources of Supply and Operations
We purchase from a limited number of suppliers a significant amount of customer premise equipment, including wireless gateways and set-top boxes, network equipment, and services to provide our broadband and video services to residential and business customers. We also purchase from a limited number of suppliers a significant number of wireless devices. We use a limited number of vendors to provide customer billing for our residential and business customers.
Our technical services groups perform various tasks,