Income Taxes
(a) Cash payments for income taxes for the three months ended March 31, 2025 include $
220
million related to the purchase of third-party transferable tax credits.
Noncash Activities
During the three months ended March 31, 2025:
•
we acquired $
2.1
billion of property and equipment and intangible assets that were accrued but unpaid
•
we recorded a liability of $
1.2
billion for a quarterly cash dividend of $
0.33
per common share paid in April 2025
During the three months ended March 31, 2024:
•
we acquired $
2.0
billion of property and equipment and intangible assets that were accrued but unpaid
•
we recorded a liability of $
1.2
billion for a quarterly cash dividend of $
0.31
per common share paid in April 2024
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported in the condensed consolidated balance sheets to the total of the amounts reported in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.
Note 10:
Commitments and Contingencies
Contingencies
We are subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business. While the amount of ultimate liability with respect to such proceedings and claims is not expected to materially affect our
results of operations, cash flows or financial position, any such legal proceedings or claims could be time-consuming and injure our reputation.
13
Table of Contents
ITEM 2: MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes (“Notes”) included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Overview
We are a global media and technology company with two primary businesses: Connectivity & Platforms and Content & Experiences. We present the operations of (1) our Connectivity & Platforms business in two segments: Residential Connectivity & Platforms and Business Services Connectivity; and
(2) our Content & Experiences business in three segments: Media, Studios and Theme Parks.
A substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. Uncertain economic conditions, including as a result of geopolitical dynamics, changes in trade policies and foreign exchange rates could adversely affect demand for our products or services and have a negative impact on our results of operations. For a discussion of these factors and other risks, refer to Risk Factors in Item 1A of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Consolidated Operating Results
Percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with NM.
(a)
Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section on page 23 for additional information, including our definition and our use of