for a reconciliation of constant currency amounts.
(a)
Constant currency is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section on page 44 for additional information, including our definition and our use of constant currency, and for a reconciliation of constant currency amounts.
Table of Contents
Residential Connectivity & Platforms Segment – Revenue
Domestic broadband revenue
primarily consists of revenue from sales of broadband services to residential customers in the United States, including equipment and installation services. Domestic broadband revenue also includes revenue related to Xumo Stream Boxes and commission revenue from the sale of certain DTC streaming services.
Domestic broadband revenue increased in 2024 primarily due to an increase in average rates.
Domestic wireless revenue
primarily consists of revenue from sales of wireless services and devices, including handsets, tablets and smart watches, to residential customers in the United States.
Domestic wireless revenue increased in 2024 primarily due to an increase in the number of customer lines and device sales.
International connectivity revenue
primarily consists of revenue from sales of broadband services, including equipment and installation services, wireless services and wireless devices to residential customers in the United Kingdom and Italy, as well as commission revenue from the sale of certain third-party DTC streaming services.
International connectivity revenue increased in 2024 primarily due to an increase in broadband revenue resulting from an increase in average rates and an increase in wireless revenue primarily resulting from an increase in the sale of wireless services. This increase includes the positive impact of foreign currency.
Video revenue
primarily consists of revenue from sales of video services to residential and business customers across the Connectivity & Platforms markets, including equipment and installation services. Video revenue includes pay-per-view and other transactional revenue and franchise fees, as well as revenue from sales of certain hardware, including Sky Glass smart televisions.
Video revenue decreased in 2024 due to declines in the overall number of video customers, partially offset by an overall increase in average rates.
Advertising revenue
primarily consists of revenue from the sale of advertising across our platforms in the Connectivity & Platforms markets, including advertising as part of our distribution agreements with cable networks in the United States, and advertising on Sky-branded entertainment television networks and on our digital properties. Advertising also includes revenue where we enter into representation agreements under which we sell advertising on behalf of third parties and from our advanced advertising businesses.
Advertising revenue increased in 2024 primarily driven by an increase in domestic political advertising, partially offset by lower domestic nonpolitical advertising.