Platforms revenue and will generally be recognized within
24
months. Sales commissions are generally expensed as incurred, as the related period of benefit is less than a year. Sales commissions for the international customers under contract are generally deferred and recognized over the respective contract terms.
Our services generally involve customer premise equip
ment, such as wireless gateways and set-top boxes, that are generally considered part of our services for revenue recognition. We recognize revenue from the sale of devices, including wireless devices and Sky Glass smart televisions, when they are transferred to the customer. Under an equipment installment plan, customers typically have the option to finance wireless devices and Sky Glass smart televisions interest-free over
24
months, and up to
48
months for international customers. Equipment installment plan receivables under these arrangements are recorded net of imputed interest when the devices are transferred to the customer.
We also have arrangements to sell certain DTC streaming services t
o our customers. We have concluded we are the sales agent in these arrangements, and we record net commission revenue as earned, which is generally as customers are billed on a monthly basis, within domestic broadband and international connectivity revenue.
Under the terms of our domestic cable franchise agreements, we are generally required to pay the cable franchising authority an amount based on gross video revenue. We generally pass these and other similar fees through to our domestic customers and classify these fees in the respective Residential Connectivity & Platforms services revenue, with the corresponding costs included in other operating and administrative expenses.
Advertising
Revenue is generated from the sale of advertising and technology, tools and solutions relating to advertising businesses. As part of distribution agreements with domestic cable networks, we generally receive an allocation of scheduled advertising time that we sell to advertisers. In addition, we generate revenue from the sale of advertising on our owned Sky-branded entertainment television networks and our digital platforms. In most cases, the available advertising units are sold by our sales force. We also enter into representation agreements under which we sell advertising on behalf of third parties. Since we are acting as the principal in these arrangements, we record the advertising that is sold in advertising revenue and the fees paid to the third parties in other operating and administrative expenses. In some cases, we work with representation firms as an extension of our sales force to sell a portion of the advertising units allocated to us and record the revenue net of agency commissions.
We have determined that a contract exists for our advertising sales arrangements once all terms and conditions are agreed upon, typically when the number of advertising units is specifically identified and