the ratings were guaranteed, a portion of the revenue is deferred until the shortfall is settled, typically by providing additional advertising units generally within one year of the original airing.
Distribution
Media generates revenue from the distribution of television programming in the United States and internationally to traditional multichannel video providers, such as our Residential Connectivity & Platforms segment, and to virtual multichannel video providers that offer streamed linear television networks. This revenue includes amounts under NBC and Telemundo retransmission consent agreements, and we also receive associated fees from NBC-affiliated and Telemundo-affiliated local broadcast television stations. We also receive monthly subscription fees for our Peacock service either directly from customers or from companies who sell Peacock to customers on our behalf. We have determined that we are principal in these arrangements and in the event we do not have transparency into the pricing charged by a company selling Peacock on our behalf, the amount of revenue recognized is limited to the fees receivable from that company pursuant to our arrangement.
Monthly fees received under distribution agreements with multichannel video providers are generally under multiyear agreements with revenue based on the number of subscribers receiving the programming on our television networks and a per subscriber fee, although revenue for certain of our television networks is based on a fixed fee. Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type, although terms generally include payment within
60
days. These arrangements are accounted for as licenses of functional intellectual property and revenue is recognized as programming is provided.
Studios Segment
Content Licensing
Studios generates revenue from the worldwide licensing of our owned film and television content to television networks and DTC streaming service providers, as well as through video on demand services provided by multichannel video providers and other service providers. Our agreements generally include fixed pricing and span multiple years. For example, following a film’s theatrical release, Studios may license the exhibition rights of a film to different customers over multiple successive distribution windows.
We recognize revenue when the content is delivered and available for use by the licensee. When the term of an existing agreement is renewed or extended, we recognize revenue when the licensed content becomes available under the renewal or extension. Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type, although payments are generally collected over the license term. The amount of future revenue to be earned related to fixed pricing under existing third-party agreements at any given time equals approximately one-half year to 1 year of annual Studios content licensing revenue, which is the segment with the largest portion of this future revenue. The majority of this revenue will be