approximate
s the amount of payments to be made or proceeds to be received to settle the outstanding contracts, excluding accrued interest.
See Notes 1 and 6 for additional information.
Table of Contents
We have significant operations in a number of countries outside the United States, and certain of our operations are conducted in foreign currencies. The value of these currencies, primarily including the British pound, euro, Japanese yen and Chinese yuan, fluctuates relative to the U.S. dollar. These changes could adversely affect the U.S. dollar equivalent value of our non-U.S. dollar operations, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in a given period or in specific territories.
As part of our overall strategy to manage the level of exposure to the risk of foreign exchange rate fluctuations, we enter into derivative financial instruments related to a significant portion of our foreign currency exposure for transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the transacting entity. We use cross-currency swaps as fair value and cash flow hedges for certain debt obligations denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the issuer. Cross-currency swaps effectively convert foreign currency denominated debt to debt denominated in the functional currency, which hedge currency exchange risks associated with foreign currency denominated debt. We also enter into foreign currency forward contracts that change in value as currency exchange rates fluctuate to protect the functional currency equivalent value of non-functional currency denominated assets, liabilities, commitments, and forecasted non-functional currency revenue and expenses. In accordance with our policy, we hedge forecasted foreign currency transactions for periods generally not to exceed 30 months. Certain of these derivatives are designated as fair value hedges, including foreign currency forwards designated as fair value hedges on our foreign currency intercompany loans receivable.
We are also exposed to foreign exchange risk on the consolidation of our foreign operations. We have foreign currency denominated debt and cross-currency swaps designated as hedges of our net investments in certain of these subsidiaries.
See Note 6 for additional information.
We have analyzed our foreign currency exposure related to our foreign operations as of December 31, 2024, including our hedging contracts, to identify assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than their functional currency. For those assets and liabilities, we then evaluated the effect of a hypothetical 10% shift in currency exchange rates, inclusive of the effects of derivatives. The results of our analysis indicate that such a shift in exchange rates would not have a material impact on our 2024 net income attributable to Comcast Corporation.
We manage the credit risks associated with our derivative financial instruments through