securities adjusted for insignificant differences in rights and obligations. The changes in value are recorded in realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net.
Other Investments
Other investments also includes certain short-term instruments with maturities over three months when purchased, such as commercial paper, certificates of deposit and U.S. government obligations, that are generally accounted for at amortized cost. We had
no
short-term instruments as of
December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, these short-term instruments
totaled $
254
million
.
The carrying amounts of these investments approximate their fair values, which are primarily based on Level 2 inputs that use interest rates for instruments with similar terms and remaining maturities. Proceeds from short-term instruments in
2024, 2023 and
2022
were $
702
million, $
560
million and $
1.6
billion, respectively. Purchases of short-term instruments in
2024, 2023 and
2022
were $
443
million, $
506
million and $
1.8
billion, respectively.
Impairment Testing of Investments
We review our investment portfolio, other than our marketable equity securities, each reporting period to determine whether there are identified events or circumstances that would indicate there is a decline in the fair value. For our nonpublic investments, if there are no identified events or circumstances that would have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investment, then the fair value is not estimated. For our equity method investments, if an investment is deemed to have experienced an other-than-temporary decline below its cost basis, we reduce the carrying amount of the investment to its quoted or estimated fair value, as applicable, and establish a new cost basis for the investment. For our nonmarketable equity securities, we record the impairment to realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity securities, net. For our equity method investments, we record the impairment to other income (loss), net.
Consolidated Variable Interest Entity
Universal Beijing Resort
In 2018, we entered into an agreement with a consortium of Chinese state-owned companies to build and operate a Universal theme park and resort in Beijing, China (“Universal Beijing Resort”), which opened in September 2021. We own a
30
% interest in Universal Beijing Resort and the construction was funded through a combination of debt financing and equity contributions from the partners in accordance with their equity interests. The debt financing, which is being provided by a syndicate of Chinese financial institutions, contains certain covenants and a maximum borrowing limit of ¥
29.7
billion RMB (approximately $
4.2
billion). The debt financing is secured by the assets of Universal Beijing Resort and the equity interests of the inve
stors. A
s of December 31, 2024, Universal Beijing Resort had $
3.4
billion of debt outstanding, including $
3.0
billion principal amount of a term loan outstanding under the