related to cyber attacks, information and system breaches, and technology disruptions and failures; our reliance on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights; keeping pace with technological developments; legal and regulatory developments; and obtaining hardware, software and operational support from third-party vendors.
Item 2: Properties
We believe our physical assets are generally in good operating condition and are suitable and adequate for our business operations. We own our corporate headquarters, which is located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania at One Comcast Center.
Our principal physical assets for the operations of the Residential Connectivity & Platforms and the Business Services Connectivity segments consist of operating plant and equipment, including our network in the United States. Refer to Item 1: Business: Network and Technology for additional information.
Our Connectivity & Platforms business headquarters is located in One Comcast Center, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. We also own the Comcast Technology Center, which is a center for our technology and engineering workforce located adjacent to the Comcast Center, and our Sky headquarters, located in Middlesex, United Kingdom.
We also own or lease buildings throughout the Connectivity & Platforms markets that contain administrative space, retail stores and customer service centers, and warehouses.
Our Content & Experiences business and NBCUniversal headquarters are located in New York, New York at 30 Rockefeller Plaza and its surrounding campus, which include offices and studios used by the Media segment. We own substantially all of the space we occupy at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, and we lease the spaces in the surrounding campus.
Other principal locations supporting our Media segment operations include our leased Telemundo headquarters and production facilities in Miami, Florida, as well as our Universal City location in Los Angeles, California, our owned CNBC headquarters and production facilities located in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey and our leased NBC Sports headquarters and production facilities in Stamford, Connecticut.
Refer to Item 1: Business: Studios Segment and Theme Parks Segment for information on properties used in those respective segment operations.
We also own or lease additional offices, studios, production facilities, screening rooms, retail operations, warehouse space, satellite transmission receiving facilities and data centers in numerous locations in the United States and around the world.
Item 3: Legal Proceedings
See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of legal proceedings.
Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Table of Contents
Part II
Item 5: Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information
Comcast’s Class A common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol CMCSA.