increase in broadband revenue resulting from an increase in average rates and an increase in wireless revenue resulting from an increase in the sale of wireless services.
Video
revenue
decreased for the
three
months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 due to a decline in the overall number of video customers, partially offset by an overall increase in average rates.
Advertising
revenue
decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 due to lower international advertising and lower domestic political and nonpolitical advertising.
Other
revenue
decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to a decrease in residential wireline voice revenue driven by a decline in the number of customers.
Residential Connectivity & Platforms Segment – Costs and Expenses
Programming expenses
decreased for the
three months ended
March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to a decline in the number of domestic video subscribers, partially offset by rate increases under our domestic programming contracts and an increase in programming expenses for our international sports networks.
Other expenses
remained consistent for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to increased direct product costs and increased spending on marketing and promotion, offset by lower technical and support and customer service expenses.
Business Services Connectivity Segment Results of Operations
Business services connectivity revenue
increased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 due to an increase in revenue from enterprise solutions offerings and from higher average rates from small business customers.
Business services connectivity costs and expenses
increased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to an increase in direct product costs
.
19
Table of Contents
Content & Experiences Results of Operations
We operate our Media segment as a combined television and streaming business. We expect that the number of subscribers and audience ratings at our linear television networks will continue to decline as a result of the competitive environment and shifting video consumption patterns, which we aim to mitigate over time by growth in paid subscribers and advertising revenue at Peacock. We expect to continue to incur significant costs related to content and marketing at Peacock. Revenue and programming expenses are also impacted by the timing of certain sporting events, including our acquisition of NBA rights, which begin in the fourth quarter of 2025.
Our Studios segment generates revenue primarily from third parties and from licensing content to our Media segment. While results of operations for our Studios segment are not impacted, results for our total Content & Experiences business may be impacted as the Studios segment