purchases of short-term instruments were $
257
million for the three
months ended March 31, 2024.
11
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
Consolidated Variable Interest Entity
Universal Beijing Resort
We own a
30
% interest in a Universal theme park and resort in Beijing, China (“Universal Beijing Resort”). Universal Beijing Resort is a consolidated VIE with the remaining interest owned by a consortium of Chinese state-owned companies. The construction was funded through a combination of debt financing and equity contributions from the partners in accordance with their equity interests. As of March 31, 2025, Universal Beijing Resort had $
3.5
billion of debt outstanding, including $
3.1
billion principal amount of a term loan outstanding under the debt financing agreement. As of December 31, 2024, Universal Beijing Resort had $
3.4
billion of debt outstanding, including $
3.0
billion principal amount of a term loan outstanding under the debt financing agreement.
As of both March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, our condensed consolidated balance sheets included assets and liabilities of Universal Beijing Resort totaling $
7.3
billion and $
7.0
billion, respectively. The assets and liabilities of Universal Beijing Resort primarily consist of property and equipment, operating lease assets and liabilities, and debt.
Note 8:
Equity and Share-Based Compensation
Weighted-Average Common Shares Outstanding
Weighted-average common shares outstanding used in calculating diluted earnings per common share attributable to Comcast Corporation shareholders (“diluted EPS”) considers the impact of potentially dilutive securities using the treasury stock method. Antidilutive securities represent the number of potential common shares related to share-based compensation awards that were excluded from diluted EPS because their effect would have been antidilutive.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Share-Based Compensation
Our share-based compensation plans consist primarily of awards of restricted share units (“RSUs”) and stock options to certain employees and directors as part of our long-term incentive compensation structure. Additionally, through our employee stock purchase plans, employees are able to purchase shares of our common stock at a discount through payroll deductions.
In March 2025, we granted
40
million RSUs and
1
million stock options under our annual management awards program. The weighted-average fair values associated with these grants were $
35.78
per RSU and $
7.21
per stock option. During the
three
months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, share-based compensation expense recognized in our condensed consolidated statements of income was $
321
million and $
303
million, respectively. As of March 31, 2025, we had unrecognized pretax compensation expense of $
3.0
billion related to unvested RSUs and unvested stock options.
12
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
Note 9:
Supplemental Financial Information
Cash Payments for Interest and