customers and video revenues, and linear television network subscriber fees received from video service providers, each decrease. In addition to reducing traditional television viewership, these trends when coupled with time-shifting technologies, such as DVR and on demand services, have caused, and likely will continue to cause, audience ratings declines for our television networks. Shifting content consumption patterns also may result in lower demand for home entertainment products or theatrical attendance. While we have adapted some of our video and content offerings to compete in the evolving media distribution landscape, such as by offering Peacock and NOW, there also can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete or that Peacock will grow or sustain its revenue or user base, successfully compete as a stand-alone DTC streaming service or fully offset decreases to our linear television networks’ results of operations.
Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, and shifting business models could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses and results of operations.
A decline in advertisers’ expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively impact our businesses.
We compete for the sale of advertising time with digital properties, including an increasing number of ad-supported DTC streaming service providers as advertisers have shifted, and may continue to shift, a larger portion of their total expenditures to digital media. We also compete with other online content providers, such as social networking platforms and user-generated content providers, television networks and stations, and all other advertising platforms. Because we derive substantial revenue from the sale of advertising, a decline in expenditures by advertisers, including through traditional linear television distribution models or on Peacock, could negatively impact our results of operations. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, declines caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries and economic conditions generally; increased competition for the leisure time of viewers, audience fragmentation and viewing content on DTC streaming services; use of time-shifting or advertising-blocking technologies; and regulatory intervention on advertising placement. Lower audience ratings and reduced viewership, which many of our linear television networks have experienced, and likely will continue to experience, as well as the level of popularity of Peacock, affect advertisers’ willingness to purchase advertising from us and the rates paid. Advertising sales and rates also are dependent on the methodology used for audience measurement and could be negatively affected if methodologies do not accurately reflect actual viewership levels.
Our success depends on consumer acceptance of our content, and our