Italy using a combination of satellite transmission and broadband connections. X1 and Sky Q are cloud-based platforms that provide integrated search functionality leveraging set-top boxes and voice-activated remote controls. The integrated features operate across content in customers’ video service packages and content from internet-based streaming services that customers may access in a manner similar to our Xumo Stream Box. We offer a range of video packages from basic linear service to full linear service, which typically include free-to-air networks and a range of other linear television networks including premium, sports and news networks. Our international video packages also include Sky-branded entertainment television networks that offer entertainment, premium movie and free-to-air programming, as well as Sky Sports networks that are part of our Media segment. Customers may also subscribe to digital video recorder (“DVR”) services or access our video on demand services with programming that is available for no additional cost or to rent or buy digitally. These viewing options are also available through our mobile apps and online portals.
We also offer DTC streaming services marketed under the NOW brand, with an offering in the United States that launched in 2023. NOW services provide video content over the internet and do not require a set-top box. Our international NOW service offerings include packages for monthly access to entertainment, sports and movie programming, as well as daily pass options for sports programming. Our domestic NOW TV service is only offered to qualifying residential broadband customers and includes monthly access to a variety of linear television networks; entertainment and movie programming; integrated access to free streaming channels from Xumo Play, NBC and Sky; and access to the ad-supported tier of Peacock.
We also offer video services in the United Kingdom and Italy over a broadband connection without the need for a satellite dish. These services have an operating system similar to Sky Q and are offered to customers through Sky Stream, which leverages a streaming device and Wi-Fi, or to customers that purchase our Sky Glass smart televisions.
Advertising
As part of our distribution agreements with domestic cable networks, we generally receive an allocation of scheduled advertising time that our advertising business sells, and we also sell advertising on our Sky-branded entertainment television networks and on our digital platforms. We also enter into representation agreements under which we sell advertising on behalf of third parties both domestically and internationally. Additionally, we offer technology, tools, data-driven services and marketplace solutions to customers in the media industry to facilitate effective engagement of advertisers with their target audiences.
Other
We offer residential wireline voice services primarily using interconnected Voice over Internet Protocol (“VoIP”) technology, and we