asset information for our segments as this information is not used to allocate resources.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
(a)
Our most significant intersegment revenue transactions include distribution revenue in Media related to fees from Residential Connectivity & Platforms for the rights to distribute television programming, and content licensing revenue in Studios for licenses of owned content to Media. Revenue for licenses of content from Studios to Media is generally recognized at a point in time, consistent with the recognition of transactions with third parties, when the content is delivered and made available for use. The costs of these licenses in Media are recognized as the content is used over the license period. The difference in timing of recognition between segments results in an Adjusted EBITDA impact in eliminations, as the profits (losses) on these transactions are deferred in our consolidated results and recognized as the content is used over the license period.
(b)
Includes the operations of our Sky-branded video services and television networks in Germany; Comcast Spectacor, which owns the Philadelphia Flyers and the Wells Fargo Center arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and Xumo, our consolidated streaming platform joint venture with Charter Communications. Corporate and other also includes overhead and personnel costs for Corporate.
(c)
The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly provided to our chief operating decision maker. Intersegment expenses are included in the amounts shown.
(d)
Other for each segment primarily includes:
Residential Connectivity & Platforms and Business Services Connectivity: technical and support; direct product costs; marketing and promotion; customer service; administrative personnel costs; franchise and other regulatory fees; fees paid to third parties where we sell advertising on their behalf; bad debt; and other business, headquarters and support costs, including building and office expenses, taxes and billing costs necessary to operate the Residential Connectivity & Platforms and Business Services Connectivity segments. Our chief operating decision maker uses aggregate expense information to manage the operations of the Business Services Connectivity segment.
Media and Studios: salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
Theme Parks: theme park operations, including repairs and maintenance and related administrative expenses; food, beverage and merchandise costs; labor costs; and sales and marketing costs. Our chief operating decision maker uses aggregate expense information to manage the operations of the Theme Parks segment.
(e)
We use Adjusted EBITDA as the measure of profit or loss for our segments. For each of our segments, our chief operating decision maker uses Adjusted EBITDA to measure operational strength and performance, assist in the evaluation of