and national origin; this order currently is subject to legal challenge in federal court. In 2024, the
FCC reclassified broadband internet access services as a “telecommunications service” subject to traditional common carriage regulation under Title II of the Communications Act. However, a federal appellate court in January 2025 overturned that reclassification, ruling that broadband internet access service is an “information service” under Title I of the Communications Act and that the FCC does not have authority to subject broadband services to utility-style regulations such as rate regulation and market entry and exit requirements under Title II. As a Title I “information service,” broadband is only subject to light-touch regulation such as broadband disclosure requirements, and deployment, subscription, and pricing reporting requirements. States and localities have in the past enacted and may in the future periodically consider new broadband-related regulations, including those regarding government-owned broadband networks, net neutrality and broadband affordability, which could create a patchwork of, and potentially inconsistent, federal, state and local regulatory regimes. New broadband regulations, if adopted, may have adverse effects on our businesses, and we cannot predict the outcome of any pending or future litigation or how any rules will ultimately be interpreted and enforced and how they might affect our business.
Table of Contents
We, from time to time, participate in broadband-deployment funding initiatives at the federal and state levels and may also become subject to additional broadband-related commitments as a condition of receiving federal or state broadband funding. We cannot predict how and to whom any such funds will be awarded, when the initiatives will be terminated or the impact of these initiatives on our businesses.
A number of municipalities operate municipally owned broadband networks, and there may be further efforts by local governments to expand or create government-owned networks, particularly in light of federal funding for broadband deployment. Certain states have enacted laws that restrict or prohibit local municipalities from operating municipally owned broadband networks, and there may be efforts in other state legislatures to restrict the development of government-owned networks. Other states, however, have amended or may amend such laws to facilitate such networks. Much of the federal funding authorized for broadband deployment is conditioned on states agreeing to make it available for potential use by government-owned networks, although the funding prioritizes deployment to unserved and underserved areas and locations. We cannot predict how successful any of those efforts will be and how they might affect our businesses.
Video and Media
We are subject to laws and regulations that apply to the cable services we provide through our Residential Connectivity & Platforms business and to our cable networks