fragmented audiences.
Our domestic cable networks and international networks compete primarily with other cable networks and programming providers for carriage by multichannel video providers and DTC streaming service providers. Our domestic broadcast networks compete with the other broadcast networks in markets across the United States to secure affiliations with independently owned local broadcast television stations, which are necessary to ensure the effective distribution of broadcast network programming to a nationwide audience. Peacock competes for subscribers primarily with other DTC streaming service providers, as well as with traditional providers of linear television programming.
Studios
Our film and television studios compete for audiences with other major film and television studios, independent film producers and creators of content, as well as with alternative forms of entertainment. The competitive position of our studios primarily depends on the number of films and television series and episodes produced, their distribution and marketing success, and consumer response. Our studios also compete to obtain creative, performing and technical talent, including writers, actors, directors, and producers, as well as scripts for films and television shows, and for the distribution of, and consumer interest in, their content. We also compete with other major film and television studios and other producers of entertainment content for the exhibition of content in theaters, on demand, on television networks, and on DTC streaming services.
Theme Parks
Our theme parks compete with other multi-park entertainment companies as well as other providers of entertainment, tourism, recreational activities and lodging. The competitive position of our theme parks primarily depends on the quality and popularity of rides and attractions, including effective use of intellectual property in themed attractions. There is increased competition in areas with high concentrations of theme parks and other attractions operated by several companies. Macroeconomic conditions and other factors may also result in shifting consumer preferences toward other types of destinations, experiences and products.
Seasonality and Cyclicality
Revenue and costs and expenses in our Media segment are cyclical as a result of our periodic broadcasts of major sporting events, such as the Olympic Games and the Super Bowl. In particular, advertising revenue increases due to increased demand for advertising time for these events and distribution revenue increases in the period of broadcasts of the Olympic Games. Costs and expenses also increase as a result of our production costs for these broadcasts and the recognition of the related rights fees.
Revenue in Media is also subject to cyclical advertising patterns and changes in viewership levels. Domestic advertising revenue is generally higher in the second and fourth quarters of each year and in even-numbered years due to increases in