Experiences:
Contains our media and entertainment businesses that produce and distribute entertainment, sports, news and other content for global audiences and that own and operate theme parks and attractions in the United States and Asia. Our Content & Experiences business is reported in three segments, Media, Studios and Theme Parks.
In November 2024, we announced our intention to create a new independent publicly traded company (“SpinCo”) comprised primarily of a strong portfolio of domestic cable television networks currently within our Media segment, including USA Network, E!, Syfy, MSNBC, CNBC, Oxygen and the Golf Channel along with complementary digital assets including Fandango, Rotten Tomatoes, GolfNow and SportsEngine, through a tax-free spin-off (the “Spin-off”). We are targeting to complete the Spin-off by the end of 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including obtaining final approval from our Board of Directors, satisfactory completion of SpinCo financings, receipt of tax opinions and receipt of any regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance that a separation transaction will occur, or, if one does occur, of its terms or timing.
For additional information on our businesses and segments, refer to Item 7: Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Description of Our Businesses
Residential Connectivity & Platforms Segment
Our Residential Connectivity & Platforms segment primarily includes:
•
Residential broadband and wireless services (collectively, “Residential Connectivity”)
•
Residential and business video services, Sky-branded entertainment television networks and advertising
We offer services to customers individually and as bundled services at a discounted rate.
Residential Connectivity
Broadband
We offer broadband services in the United States over our hybrid fiber-optic and coaxial (“HFC”) network, as well as through direct fiber-to-the-premises connections for certain customers, and internationally in the United Kingdom and Italy by leveraging networks owned by third-party telecommunications providers.
Our domestic broadband offerings have a range of service levels, including up to gigabit-plus downstream speeds that we offer across nearly our entire footprint. As part of our low-income broadband adoption program, we offer qualifying domestic customers broadband services at discounted rates through our Internet Essentials and Internet Essentials Plus services, with downstream speeds of up to 75 and 100 megabits per second, respectively. In 2024, we began offering prepaid domestic broadband services with downstream speeds of up to 200 megabits per second marketed under the NOW brand. We also offer monthly access to our network of Wi-Fi hotspots.
Table of Contents
We continue to evolve and enhance our domestic network capabilities, including deploying technology