debt financing agreement. As of December 31, 2023, Universal Beijing Resort had $
3.5
billion of debt outstanding, including $
3.1
billion principal amount of a term loan outstanding under the debt financing agreement.
We have concluded that Universal Beijing Resort is a VIE based on its governance structure, and we consolidate it because we have the power to direct activities that most significantly impact its economic performance. There are no liquidity arrangements, guarantees or other financial commitments between us and Universal Beijing Resort, and therefore our maximum risk of financial loss is our
30
% interest. Universal Beijing Resort’s results of operations are reported in our Theme Parks segment. Our consolidated statements of cash flows includes the costs of construction and related borrowings in the “construction of Universal Beijing Resort” and “proceeds from borrowings” captions, respectively, and equity contributions from the noncontrolling interests are included in other financing activities.
As of December 31, 2024, our consolidated balance sheets included assets and liabilities of Universal Beijing Resort totaling $
7.3
billion and $
7.0
billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, our consolidated balance sheets included assets and liabilities of Universal Beijing Resort totaling $
7.8
billion and $
7.2
billion, respectively. The assets and liabilities of Universal Beijing Resort primarily consist of property and equipment, operating lease assets and liabilities, and debt.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
Property and equipment are stated at cost. We capitalize improvements that extend asset lives and expense repairs and maintenance costs as incurred. We record depreciation using the straight-line method over the asset’s estimated useful life. For assets that are sold or retired, we remove the applicable cost and accumulated depreciation and, unless the gain or loss on disposition is presented separately, we recognize it as a component of depreciation expense. Capital expenditures for the construction of Universal Beijing Resort are presented separately in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
We capitalize the costs associated with the construction of and improvements to our HFC network, including scalable infrastructure and line extensions; costs associated with acquiring and deploying new customer premise equipment; and costs associated with installation of our services, including the customer’s connection to our network, in accordance with the accounting guidance related to cable television companies. Costs capitalized include all direct costs for labor and materials, as well as various indirect costs. Costs incurred in connection with subsequent disconnects, and reconnects of previously deployed customer premise equipment, are expensed as they are incurred.
We evaluate the recoverability of our property and equipment whenever events or substantive changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount