and local broadcast television stations in our Media business. These laws and regulations can constrain our ability to compete, particularly against DTC streaming service providers, which are not subject to these same requirements.
Federal, state and local franchising rules and regulations may require us to provide adequate channel capacity, facilities and financial support for public, educational and governmental access programming; comply with certain renewal procedures for our franchise agreements; pay franchise fees; and comply with customer service, accessibility, and certain other requirements. In addition, the FCC and other federal agencies can impact the programming networks that we carry, as well as how we price, package, bill and market our video services. FCC regulations also require cable operators to carry programming transmitted by certain local broadcast television stations (“must-carry” requirement) or to negotiate a “retransmission consent” agreement with certain other stations that will frequently involve payments from cable operators to the station; govern program access by preventing cable networks affiliated with cable operators from favoring affiliated cable operators over competing multichannel video providers; grant licenses to broadcast television stations for 8-year cycles, which may not be renewed on favorable terms, or at all; limit local and national television ownership, as well as foreign ownership in a broadcast television station; and regulate children’s programming.
The FCC enforces these rules on a case-by-case basis based on complaints filed by consumers, state and local governments, and other entities. We have been involved in disputes at the FCC in some of these areas and may be involved in new disputes in the future, including potential disputes related to content moderation and free speech. We cannot predict the outcome of any such disputes or associated litigation. The FCC and Congress have previously considered proposals that would require companies that own multiple cable networks to make each of their networks available individually when negotiating distribution agreements with MVPDs and potentially with DTC streaming and other OTT service providers. We currently offer our cable networks on a packaged basis (in “tiers”) and, in various cases, individually. We have been involved in program access disputes at the FCC and may be subject to new complaints in the future.
Furthermore, certain states and localities have adopted laws to impose franchise or other fees on DTC streaming services. To date, courts have invalidated those laws, but we cannot predict the outcome of any future litigation.
Wireless
We offer a wireless voice and data service primarily using our MVNO rights to provide the service over Verizon’s wireless network. MVNOs are subject to many of the same FCC regulations as facilities-based wireless carriers, such as E911 services and local number portability, as well as certain state or local