practices, as well as through its enforcement authority over the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. The FTC has sought to expand its authority in this area through various rulemakings related to general privacy, targeted advertising and children’s privacy. There has been an increased focus on children’s privacy at both the state and federal levels within the United States, as well as internationally. These new laws may require changes to our products and services and could adversely affect our advertising businesses.
In addition, many international data protection laws, some federal laws, and all 50 U.S. states have security breach notification requirements that obligate businesses to provide notice to consumers and government agencies if certain information has been accessed or exfiltrated by an unauthorized party; some of these laws also require documented information security programs.
State and Local Taxes
Some U.S. states and localities have imposed or are considering imposing, through both legislative and administrative channels, new or additional taxes or fees on, or limiting or eliminating incentives or credits earned or monetized by, our businesses, or imposing adverse methodologies by which taxes, fees, incentives or credits are computed, earned or monetized. These include combined reporting or other changes to general business taxes, central assessments for property tax, and taxes and fees on the businesses operated or services provided by our businesses, most notably new taxes or fees on digital advertising or other digital commerce. In some situations, DBS providers and other competitors (such as DTC streaming service providers) that deliver their services over a broadband connection do not face the same state and local tax and fee burdens. Congress has also considered, and may consider again, proposals to bar or limit states from imposing taxes on these DBS providers or other competitors (such as DTC streaming service providers) that are equivalent to the taxes or fees that we pay. The Internet Tax Freedom Act (“ITFA”) prohibits most states and localities from imposing sales and other taxes on our internet access charges and discriminating against electronic commerce; however, some jurisdictions may challenge the ITFA or the application of the ITFA to our business, or may assert that certain taxes akin to right-of-way fees are not preempted by the ITFA or other federal laws.
Other Regulations
U.S. states and localities, and various regulatory authorities, actively regulate other aspects of our businesses, including our Studios and Theme Parks businesses, accessibility to our video and voice services and broadcast television programming for people with disabilities, customer service standards, inside wiring, cable equipment, pole attachments, universal service fees, regulatory fees, public safety, telemarketing, leased access, indecency, loudness of commercial advertisements, advertising, political broadcasting, sponsorship