and related payments for our film and television costs, including the timing of sports, which was partially offset by reduced spending in the prior year due to the work stoppages.
The decrease in payments of interest in 2024 was primarily due to the payments of interest in the prior year associated with our collateralized obligation which was repaid in the fourth quarter of 2023, partially offset by increased debt balances following debt issuances in the current year and higher weighted-average interest rates.
Payments of income taxes increased in 2024 and included higher payments in the current year related to the 2023 tax year, primarily driven by the taxable gain recognized on our investment in Hulu. Payments of income taxes in 2024 were favorably impacted by the timing of transferable tax credit purchases, as payments for certain tax credits used in 2024 will be made in 2025. Additionally, we expect to receive a federal income tax refund in 2025 as a result of carrying back a capital loss created primarily as part of a 2024 internal corporate reorganization to offset capital gains recognized in our federal income tax returns for 2021 through 2023 (see Note 5).
Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities increased in 2024 primarily due to net proceeds received as an advance on the sale of our interest in Hulu in the prior year (see Note 7), partially offset by decreased cash paid for intangible assets related to software development in the current year and decreased purchases of investments.
We expect to receive additional proceeds for the sale of our interest in Hulu following the finalization of the third-party appraisal process, at which time we will recognize the sale of our interest. See Note 7.
In September 2023, we entered into an agreement with T-Mobile to sell certain of our spectrum licenses. The agreement provides us with a right to remove certain licenses from the transaction, which will result in total cash consideration between $1.2 billion and $3.3 billion. The sale is expected to close in 2028 subject to various conditions and approvals.
Capital Expenditures
Capital expenditures remained consistent in 2024 compared to 2023. Spending on theme park attractions increased in 2024, and included costs associated with the construction of Epic Universe. 2023 expenditures included the acquisition of land for potential theme park expansion opportunities. The costs associated with the construction of Universal Beijing Resort are presented separately in our consolidated statements of cash flows. See Note 7.
Our most significant capital expenditures are within the Connectivity & Platforms business, and we expect that this will continue in the future. Connectivity & Platforms’ capital expenditures remained consistent in 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to increased spending on line extensions and support capital, offset by decreased spending on customer premise equipment and scalable infrastructure. The table below