aspects of our communications businesses.
Beyond the more significant regulations summarized below, legislators and regulators at all levels of government frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules or regulations, or interpretations of existing statutes, rules or regulations, or prescribe new ones, any of which may significantly affect our businesses and ability to effectively compete. Applying existing laws in novel ways to new technologies, including streaming services and artificial intelligence (“AI”), may also affect our business. These legislators and regulators, along with some state attorneys general and foreign governmental authorities, have been active in conducting inquiries and reviews regarding our services. State legislative and regulatory initiatives can create a patchwork of different and/or conflicting state requirements, such as with respect to privacy and Open Internet/net neutrality regulations, that can affect our businesses and ability to effectively compete.
Legislative and regulatory activity has increased in recent years, particularly with respect to broadband networks. For example, Congress has approved tens of billions of dollars in new funding for broadband deployment and adoption initiatives, and may consider other proposals that address communications issues, including whether it should rewrite the Communications Act to account for changes in the communications marketplace. Federal agencies have considered adopting new regulations for communications services, including broadband, although it is uncertain whether those initiatives will continue under the new Administration. States and localities are increasingly proposing new regulations impacting communications services, including broader regulation of broadband networks. Regulators in various international jurisdictions are similarly considering changes to telecommunications and media requirements. Any of these regulations could significantly affect our business and our legal and compliance costs. In addition, United States and foreign regulators and courts could adopt new interpretations of existing competition or antitrust laws or enact new competition or antitrust laws or regulatory tools that could negatively impact our businesses. Any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses, some of which may be significant. We are unable to predict the outcome or effects of any of these potential actions or any other legislative or regulatory proposals on our businesses.
The following paragraphs summarize the more significant legal and regulatory requirements and risks affecting our businesses.
Broadband
Our broadband services are subject to a number of regulations and commitments.
In 2023, the FCC adopted broad rules that prohibit digital discrimination of access to broadband service based on income level, race, ethnicity, color, religion