entertainment complex, and on-site themed hotels, all of which are located in Beijing, China. Universal Beijing Resort is owned by us and a consortium of Chinese state-owned companies (see Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K).
Our Theme Parks segment properties are primarily owned by us, although certain properties are leased, including land in Beijing, China and Osaka, Japan. We have invested and will continue to invest significantly in existing and new theme park attractions, hotels and infrastructure, as well as in new destinations and experiences, such as Epic Universe; Universal Kids Resort, a smaller-scale theme park in Frisco, Texas expected to open in 2026; and Universal Horror Unleashed, a year-round horror entertainment experience in Las Vegas, Nevada expected to open in 2025.
Revenue is generated primarily from guest spending at our theme parks, including ticket sales and in-park spending on food, beverages and merchandise, and from our consumer products business. Revenue for our theme parks generally depends on the overall environment for travel and tourism, including consumer spending on leisure and other recreational activities.
We also license the right to use the Universal Studios brand name and other intellectual property and provide other services to third parties, including the party that owns and operates the Universal Studios Singapore theme park on Sentosa Island, Singapore. The themed elements in our rides, attractions, and merchandising are based on intellectual property in our Studios and Media segments and intellectual property licensed from third parties under long-term agreements.
Competition
Media
Our Media segment competes for viewers’ attention and audience share with all forms of programming provided to viewers, including DTC streaming service providers; television networks; local broadcast television stations; physical and digital home en
tertainment products; video on demand and pay-per-view services; online activities, such as social networking and viewing user-generated content; gaming products; and other forms of entertainment, news and information.
Table of Contents
Media competes for the sale of advertising with digital properties, including an increasing number of ad-supported DTC streaming service providers and other online content, such as social networking platforms and user-generated content, as well as with other television networks and stations, and all other advertising platforms. The willingness of advertisers to purchase advertising from us may be adversely affected by lower audience ratings and viewership at the related networks, stations or digital properties. Declines in audience ratings can be caused by increased competition for the leisure time of viewers and by audience fragmentation resulting from the increasing number and forms of entertainment choices available. Additionally, it is increasingly challenging to accurately measure