Applying existing laws in novel ways to new technologies, including streaming services and AI, may also affect our business. These legislators and regulators, along with some state attorneys general and foreign governmental authorities, have been active in conducting inquiries and reviews regarding our services. State legislative and regulatory initiatives can create a patchwork of different and/or conflicting state requirements, such as with respect to privacy and Open Internet/net neutrality regulations, that can affect our businesses and ability to effectively compete.
Table of Contents
Legislative and regulatory activity has increased in recent years, particularly with respect to broadband networks. For example, Congress has approved tens of billions of dollars in new funding for broadband deployment and adoption initiatives, and may from time to time consider other proposals that address communications issues, including whether it should rewrite the Communications Act to account for changes in the communications marketplace. Federal agencies have considered adopting new regulations for communications services, including broadband, although it is uncertain whether those initiatives will continue under the new Administration. States and localities are increasingly proposing new regulations impacting communications services, including broader regulation of broadband networks. Regulators in various international jurisdictions are similarly considering changes to telecommunications and media requirements. Any of these regulations could significantly affect our business and our legal and compliance costs.
In addition, United States and foreign regulators and courts could adopt new interpretations of existing competition or antitrust laws or enact new competition or antitrust laws or regulatory tools that could negatively impact our businesses. Any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses, some of which may be significant. We are unable to predict the outcome or effects of any of these potential actions or any other legislative or regulatory proposals on our businesses.
Failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could result in administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability. Any changes to the legal and regulatory framework applicable to any of our services or businesses could have an adverse impact on our businesses and results of operations. For a more extensive discussion of the significant risks associated with the regulation of our businesses, see Item 1: Business and refer to the “Legislation and Regulation” discussion within that section.
Unfavorable litigation or governmental investigation results could require us to pay significant amounts or lead to onerous operating procedures.
We are subject from time to time to a number of lawsuits both in the United States and in foreign