fair value and the carrying value of the assets. Unless presented separately, the impairment charge is included as a component of amortization expense.
Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
Finite-lived intangible assets are subject to amortization and consist primarily of customer relationships acquired in business combinations, software, trade names and intellectual property rights. Our finite-lived intangible assets are amortized primarily on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life or the term of the associated agreement.
The table below presents the estimated amortization expense of our customer relationships and other agreements and rights, including trade names and intellectual property rights.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
We capitalize direct development costs associated with internal-use software, including external direct costs of material and services and payroll costs for employees devoting time to these software projects. We also capitalize costs associated with arrangements that constitute the purchase of, or convey a license to, software licenses. We generally amortize them on a straight-line basis over a period not to exceed
five years
. We expense maintenance and training costs, as well as costs incurred during the preliminary stage of a project, as they are incurred. We capitalize initial operating system software costs and amortize them over the life of the associated hardware.
We evaluate the recoverability of our finite-lived intangible assets whenever events or substantive changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The evaluation is based on the cash flows generated by the underlying asset groups, including estimated future operating results, trends or other determinants of fair value. If the total of the expected future undiscounted cash flows were less than the carrying amount of the asset group, we would recognize an impairment charge to the extent the carrying amount of the asset group exceeded its estimated fair value. Unless presented separately, the impairment charge is included as a component of amortization expense.
In 2022, in connection with our annual goodwill impairment assessment, we also recorded impairments of intangible assets, which primarily related to customer relationship assets resulting from our Sky acquisition. These impairments totaled $
485
million and are presented in
goodwill and long-lived asset impairments
in the consolidated statements of income.
Deferred Compensation Plans
We maintain unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plans for certain members of management and nonemployee directors. The amount of compensation deferred by each participant is based on participant elections. Participant accounts are credited with income primarily based on a fixed annual rate. Participants are eligible to receive distributions from their account based on elected deferral periods that are consistent with the plans and applicable tax law.
We have