approximately 16 years. Including the effects of our derivative financial instruments, as of December 31,
2024,
our debt had a weighted-average interest rate based on the stated coupons of 3.7% and the percentage of our debt obligations that were fixed-rate debt was 98%. We typically fund and expect to continue to be able to fund debt maturities and interest payments with cash flows generated in our operations; existing cash, cash equivalents and investments; or proceeds
from additional external financing. See Note 6 and Item 7A for additional information on our debt.
We also have significant contractual obligations associated with our programming and production expenses. We have multiyear agreements for television and/or streaming rights of sporting events, such as for the NBA, the NFL, the Olympics and the English Premier League, which represent the substantial majority of our programming and production obligations.
Connectivity & Platforms’ programming expenses related to the distribution of third-party television networks are generally acquired under multiyear distribution agreements with fees based on the number of subscribers receiving the television network programming and a per subscriber fee. The amounts included in the table above relate to minimum guaranteed commitments for these distribution agreements or fixed fees, and as a result, we expect the total fees to be paid under these arrangements to be significantly higher than the amounts included above. We have funded and expect to continue to be able to fund our programming and production obligations with the cash generated from our operations. As of December 31,
2024
, approximately 37% of cash payments related to our programming and production obligations are due after five years, of which the vast majority related to multiyear sports rights agreements. See Note 4 for additional information on programming and production costs.
Our other contractual obligations relate primarily to operating leases (see Note 14) and other arrangements recorded in our consolidated balance sheets and/or disclosed in the notes to our financial statements, including benefit plan obligations (see Note 10), liabilities for uncertain tax positions (see Note 5), our remaining unfunded capital commitment to Atairos (see Note 7) and a contractual obligation related to an interest held by a third party in the revenue of certain theme parks (see Note 14).
Table of Contents
Guarantee Structure
Our debt is primarily issued at Comcast, although we also have debt at certain of our subsidiaries as a result of acquisitions and other issuances. A substantial amount of this debt is subject to guarantees by Comcast and by certain subsidiaries that we have put in place to simplify our capital structure. We believe this guarantee structure provides liquidity benefits to debt investors and helps to simplify credit analysis with respect to relative value considerations of guaranteed subsidiary debt.
(a)
NBCUniversal Media,