underlying trends, and allocate resources in the annual budget and forecasting process. Adjusted EBITDA is also a significant performance measure in our annual incentive compensation programs. From time to time we may report the impact of certain events, gains, losses or other charges related to our segments within Corporate and other.
(f)
Includes overhead, personnel costs and other costs necessary to operate the Media, Studios and Theme Parks segments.
(g)
Refe
r to Note 9 for a discussion of impairment charges in 2022 related to goodwill and long-lived assets.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
(a)
See Note 2 for additional information on intersegment revenue transactions.
We operate primarily in the Un
ited States but also in select international markets. The table below summarizes our consolidated revenue from customers in certain geographic locations.
Residential Connectivity & Platforms Segment
Residential Connectivity & Platforms generates revenue from customers that subscribe to our residential broadband and wireless connectivity services, residential and business video services and residential wireline voice services in the United States, the United Kingdom and Italy. We offer these services individually and as bundled services at a discounted rate.
Subscription rates and related charges vary according to the services and features customers receive, and customers are typically billed in advance and pay on a monthly basis. Revenue from customers that purchase bundled services at a discounted rate is allocated between the separate services based on the respective stand-alone selling prices. The stand-alone selling prices are determined based on the current prices at which we separately sell the services. Significant judgment is used to determine performance obligations that should be accounted for separately and the allocation of revenue when services are combined in a bundle.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
While a portion of our customers are subject to contracts for their services, which are typically
1
month to
2
years in length, based on our evaluation of the terms of these contracts, we recognize revenue for these services primarily on a basis that is consistent with our customers that are not subject to contracts and recognize revenue as the services are provided on a monthly basis. Installation fees for these customers are deferred and recognized as revenue over the period of benefit to the customer, which is less than a year. Certain international customers are under contracts, with terms typically ranging from rolling monthly to
24
months, depending on the service, and may only discontinue service in accordance with the terms of their contracts. We recognize revenue for these customers as the services are provided over the contract period. At any given time, the amount of future revenue to be earned from these customers related to existing agreements is equal to less than
10
% of our annual Residential Connectivity &