television network programming and fees charged for retransmission of the signals from local broadcast television stations. These expenses also include the costs of content on the Sky-branded entertainment television networks, including amortization of licensed content.
(b)
Technical and support expenses primarily consists of costs for labor to complete service call and installation activities; and costs for network operations and satellite transmission, product development, fulfillment and provisioning.
(c)
Direct product costs primarily consists of access fees related to using wireless and broadband networks owned by third parties to deliver our services and costs of products sold, including wireless devices and Sky Glass smart televisions.
(d)
Marketing and promotion expenses primarily consists of the costs associated with attracting new customers and promoting our service offerings.
(e)
Customer service expenses primarily consists of the personnel and other costs associated with customer service and certain selling activities.
(f)
Other expenses primarily consists of administrative personnel costs; franchise and other regulatory fees; fees paid to third parties where we sell advertising on their behalf; bad debt; building and office expenses, taxes and billing costs; and other business, headquarters and support costs necessary to operate the Connectivity & Platforms business.
(g)
Constant currency is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section on page 23 for additional information, including our definition and our use of constant currency, and for a reconciliation of constant currency amounts.
Residential Connectivity & Platforms Segment Results of Operations
(a)
Constant currency is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section on page 23 for additional information, including our definition and our use of constant currency, and for a reconciliation of constant currency amounts.
(b)
Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, commission revenue from the sale of certain direct to consumer (“DTC”) streaming services and revenue related to certain equipment are presented in video revenue. Previously, these amounts were presented in domestic broadband and international connectivity. Prior periods have been reclassified to reflect the current year presentation.
18
Table of Contents
Residential Connectivity & Platforms Segment – Revenue
Domestic broadband revenue
increased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 due to an increase in average rates, which offset a decline in the number of domestic broadband customers.
Domestic wireless revenue
increased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to an increase in the number of customer lines and device sales.
International connectivity revenue
increased for the three
months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024
due to an