revenue comes from the Residential Connectivity & Platforms segment.
International networks revenue increased in 2024 primarily due to an increase in revenue associated with the distribution of sports networks and the positive impact of foreign currency.
Ot
her r
evenue
primarily consists of revenue generated from various digital properties and the licensing of our owned content and technology.
*        *        *
Media segment total revenue included $4.9 billion and $3.4 billion related to Peacock in 2024 and 2023, respectively, including amounts related to the Paris Olympics in 2024. We had 36 million and 31 million paid subscribers of Peacock as of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Peacock paid subscribers represent customers from which we recognize distribution revenue, including both customers that pay us directly and customers receiving the service through arrangements with companies who sell Peacock on our behalf. In these arrangements, paid subscribers are counted based on the terms of the arrangement when the related revenue is recognized. As a result, certain customers are counted when they activate their account, while other customers are counted when the Peacock service is made available to them as part of their bundled service offering regardless of whether it is activated.
Media Segment – Costs and Expenses
Programming and production costs
primarily consists of the amortization of owned and licensed content, including sports rights, direct production costs, p
roduction overhead, on-air talent costs and costs associated with the distribution of our television networks to multichannel video providers.
Programming and production costs increased in 2024 primarily due to costs associated with the Paris Olympics, an increase in other sports programming costs for our domestic television networks, the impact of foreign currency, an increase in entertainment content costs for our television networks, including the impact of the Writers Guild and SAG work stoppages in the prior year, and higher programming costs at Peacock.
Marketing and promotion expenses
primarily consists of the costs associated with promoting our television networks, Peacock and other digital properties.
Marketing and promotion expenses increased in 2024 primarily due to increased costs associated with the Paris Olympics, partially offset by lower costs related to marketing for entertainment programming.
Other expenses
primarily consists of salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
Other expenses increased in 2024 primarily due to an increase in costs related to Peacock and higher severance charges in 2024.
*        *        *
Media segment total costs and expenses included $6.7 billion and $6.1 billion related to Peacock in 2024 and 2023, respectively, including amounts related to the Paris Olympics in 2024.
Table of Contents
Studios Segment – Revenue
C
ontent licensing r
evenue
primarily relates to the licensing of our owned film and television content