instruments primarily to manage exposures to (1) foreign exchange rate fluctuations resulting from certain foreign currency denominated debt obligations and intercompany funding arrangements and from the consolidation of our foreign operations; and (2) interest rate risk relating to our debt. Our objective is to manage the financial and operational exposure arising from these risks by offsetting gains and losses on underlying exposures with gains and losses on the instruments used to hedge them.
(a)
Our foreign currency denominated debt designated as net investment hedges are non-derivative instruments and amount shown is the value of debt designated as a hedge.
The fair value of our derivative financial instruments are primarily measured using Level 2 inputs using a market-based approach. Net cash received or paid related to our derivative instruments is classified in our consolidated statements of cash flows based on the objective of the instrument and the classifications of the applicable underlying cash flows.
Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments accounted for as fair value hedges are primarily recorded within earnings and changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged items affect earnings. The earnings impacts are recorded within the same line item as the item being hedged.
The table below summarizes the impact of our hedged foreign currency denominated debt and intercompany loans and the associated derivative contracts on the other income (loss) component of investment and other income (loss).
Transaction gains and losses resulting from currency movements on debt and changes in the fair value of cross-currency swaps designated as net investment hedges are recorded within the currency translation adjustments component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
The table below summarizes the amount of pre-tax gains (losses) related to net investment hedges recognized in the cumulative translation adjustments component of other comprehensive income (loss).
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
The amount of unrealized gains (losses), net recognized in 2024, 2023 and 2022 that related to marketable and nonmarketable equity securities still held as of the end of each reporting period was $(
288
) million, $(
140
) million and $(
394
) million, respectively.
Equity Method
We use the equity method to account for investments in which we have the ability to exercise significant influence over the investee’s operating and financial policies, or in which we hold a partnership or limited liability company interest in an entity with specific ownership accounts, unless we have virtually no influence over the investee’s operating and financial policies. Equity method investments are recorded at cost and are adjusted to recognize (1) our share, based on percentage ownership or other contractual basis, of the investee’s net income or loss