metrics are gener
ally counted based on the number of locations receiving services, including locations within our network in the United States, as well as locations outside of our network both in the United States and internationally. Certain arrangements whereby third parties provide connectivity services leveraging our network are also generally counted based on the number of locations served.
(c)
Domestic wireless lines represent the number of residential and business customers
’
wireless devices. An individual customer relationship may have multiple wireless lines.
(d)
Connectivity & Platforms domestic homes and businesses are considered passed if we can connect them to our network in the United States without further extending the transmission lines. Homes and businesses passed is an estimate based on the best available information.
(e)
Penetration is calculated by dividing the number of domestic customers located within our network by the number of domestic homes and businesses passed.
(a)
Constant currency is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section on page 23 for additional information, including our definition and our use of constant currency, and for a reconciliation of constant currency amounts.
Average monthly total revenue per customer relationship is impacted by rate adjustments and changes in the types and levels of services received by our residential and business customers, as well as changes in advertising and other revenue and in foreign currency exchange rates. While revenue from our individual service offerings is also impacted by changes in the allocation of revenue among services sold in a bundle, the allocation does not impact average monthly total revenue per customer relationship. Each of our services has a different contribution to Adjusted EBITDA margin. We use average monthly Adjusted EBITDA per customer relationship to evaluate the profitability of our customer base across our service offerings. We believe both metrics are useful to understand the trends in our business, and average monthly Adjusted EBITDA per customer relationship is useful particularly as we continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses.
17
Table of Contents
Connectivity & Platforms — Supplemental Costs and Expenses Information
Connectivity & Platforms supplemental costs and expenses information in the table below is presented on an aggregate basis across the Connectivity & Platforms segments as the segments use certain shared infrastructure, including our network in the United States. Costs and expenses information reported separately for the Residential Connectivity & Platforms and Business Services Connectivity segments includes each segment’s direct costs and an allocation of shared costs.
(a)
Programming expenses, which represent our most significant operating expense, are the fees we incur to provide video services to our customers, and primarily include fees related to the distribution of