identification, Emergency Alert System, equal employment opportunity and other employment-related practices, environmental-related matters, our equipment supply chain, and technical standards relating to the operation of cable systems and television stations. In addition, our international businesses are subject to various similar regulations, including those that cover television broadcasting, programming, and advertising. We are occasionally subject to enforcement actions and investigations at the FCC and other federal, state, and local agencies, as well as foreign governments and regulatory authorities, which can result in fines, sanctions and/or ongoing compliance plans and government oversight.
Human Capital Resources
As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 182,000 full-time and part-time employees calculated on a full-time equivalent basis. Approximately 30% of our employees were located in over 30 countries outside the United States, with larger workforce concentrations in the United Kingdom, Western Europe, East Asia and South Asia. We also use freelance and temporary employees in the normal course of our business. A small overall portion of our full-time U.S. employees are unionized, although many of Content & Experiences’ freelance and temporary writers, directors, actors, technical and production per
sonnel, as well as some on-air and creative talent employees, are covered by industry-wide collective bargaining agreements or work councils.
Outside the United States, employees in certain countries, particularly in Europe, are represented by an employee representative organization, such as a union, works council or employee association.
Our company has been built on a foundation of respect, integrity and trust, and we are committed to creating and fostering a work environment that promotes those values. As a global media and technology company, we have a wide range of employees, including management professionals, technicians, engineers, call center employees, theme park employees, and media talent and production employees. Some of our key workforce-related programs and initiatives include the following.
Employee Engagement
•
We seek to create an engaged workforce through proactive listening and constructive dialogue, including through employee engagement surveys, as well as through employee resource groups.
Table of Contents
•
We are committed to creating an environment that encourages employees to ask questions, raise concerns and speak up about a workplace issue or suspected illegal or unethical conduct. We
provide several channels for speaking up without fear of retaliation, including a helpline and a web portal that are administered by an independent third-party company and allow for anonymous reporting when permitted by applicable laws.
Talent Development
•
We provide a wide variety of opportunities for professional growth for all employees with in-classroom and online trainings and on-the-job experience.
•
We offer education