from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
We believe our estimates associated with the valuation and impairment testing of goodwill and cable franchise rights and the accounting for film and television costs are critical in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, and the Audit Committee has reviewed the related disclosures below. See also Notes 4 and 9.
Valuation and Impairment Testing of Goodwill and Cable Franchise Rights
We assess the recoverability of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including cable franchise rights, annually as of July 1, or more frequently whenever events or substantive changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. The assessment of recoverability may first consider qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. A quantitative assessment is performed if the qualitative assessment results in a more-likely-than-not determination or if a qualitative assessment is not performed. In connection with our impairment assessment process, from time to time, we perform quantitative assessments of our reporting units and cable franchise rights in order to support our qualitative assessments.
Goodwill
Goodwill results from business combinations and represents the excess amount of the consideration paid over the identifiable assets and liabilities recorded in the acquisition. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level.
When performing a quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair values of our reporting units primarily based on a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant judgment, including market participant estimates of future cash flows expected to be generated by the business and the selection of discount rates. Wh
en performing this analysis, we also consider multiples of earnings from comparable public companies and recent market transactions.
Table of Contents
We performed qualitative assessments in 2024 for goodwill in our Residential Connectivity & Platforms, Business Services Connectivity, Studios and Theme Parks segments in connection with our annual impairment testing. These analyses considered the results of previous quantitative assessments, and also considered various factors that would affect the estimated fair value of these reporting units in our qualitative assessments, including changes in projected future cash flows, recent market transactions and overall macroeconomic conditions, discount rates, and changes in our market capitalization. Based on these assessments, we concluded that it was more likely than not