Other revenue
primarily consists of revenue in the Connectivity & Platforms markets from sales of wireline voice services to residential customers; our residential security and automation services businesses; the licensing of our technology platforms to other multichannel video providers; the distribution of certain of our Sky-branded entertainment television networks to third-party video service providers; commissions from electronic retailing networks; and certain billing and collection fees.
Other revenue decreased in 2024 primarily due to a decrease in residential wireline voice revenue driven by a decline in the number of customers.
Residential Connectivity & Platforms Segment – Costs and Expenses
Programming expenses
decreased in 2024 primarily due to a decline in the number of domestic video subscribers, partially offset by domestic contractual rate increases.
Other expenses
increased in 2024 primarily due to an increase in direct product costs, the impact of foreign currency and higher technical and support costs, partially offset by lower severance charges in 2024 compared to severance and other charges in 2023.
Table of Contents
Business services connectivity revenue
primarily consists of revenue from our service offerings for small business locations in the United States, which include broadband, wireline voice and wireless services, as well as our enterprise solutions offerings, and our business connectivity service offerings in the United Kingdom.
Business services connectivity revenue increased in 2024 primarily due to an increase in revenue from enterprise solutions offerings and from higher rates from small business customers.
Business services connectivity costs and expenses
increased in 2024 primarily due to increases in direct product costs, marketing and promotion expenses, and technical and support expenses. Severance charges in 2024 were consistent compared to severance and other charges in 2023.
We operate our Media segment as a combined television and streaming business. We expect that the number of subscribers and audience ratings at our linear television networks will continue to decline as a result of the competitive environment and shifting video consumption patterns, which we aim to mitigate over time by continued growth in paid subscribers and advertising revenue at Peacock. We expect to continue to incur significant costs related to content and marketing at Peacock. Revenue and programming expenses are also impacted by the timing of certain sporting events, including the Olympics in the third quarter of 2024 and our acquisition of NBA rights, which begin in 2025.
Our Studios segment generates revenue primarily from third parties and from licensing content to our Media segment. While results of operations for our Studios segment are not impacted, results for our total Content & Experiences business may be impacted as the Studios segment licenses content to the Media segment, including for Peacock, rather than