recognized within
2
years. This amount may fluctuate from period to period depending on the timing of the releases and the availability of content under existing agreements and may not represent the total revenue expected to be recognized as it does not include revenue from future agreements or from variable pricing or optional purchases under existing agreements.
For our agreements that include variable pricing, such as pricing based on the number of subscribers to a DTC streaming service sold by our customers, we generally recognize revenue as our customers sell to their subscribers.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
Theatrical
Studios generates revenue from the worldwide distribution of our produced and acquired films for exhibition in movie theaters. Our arrangements with exhibitors generally entitle us to a percentage of ticket sales. We recognize revenue as the films are viewed and exhibited in theaters and payment generally occurs within
30
days after exhibition.
Theme Parks Segment
Theme Parks generates revenue primarily from guest spending at our Universal theme parks in Orlando, Florida; Hollywood, California; Osaka, Japan; and Beijing, China. Guest spending includes ticket sales and in-park spending on food, beverages and merchandise. We also generate revenue from our consumer products business. Additionally, we license the right to use the Universal Studios brand name and other intellectual property and provide other services to third parties, including the party that owns and operates the Universal Studios Singapore theme park on Sentosa Island, Singapore. We recognize revenue from ticket sales when the tickets are used, generally within a year from the date of purchase. For annual passes, we generally recognize revenue on a straight-line basis over the period the pass is available to be used. We recognize revenue from in-park spending and consumer products at the point of sale.
Consolidated Balance Sheets
The table below summarizes our accounts receivable, other balances that are not separately presented in our consolidated balance sheets that relate to the recognition of revenue and collection of the related cash, and deferred costs associated with our contracts with customers.
(a) Amortization of contract acquisition and fulfillment costs totaled $
716
million, $
692
million and $
707
million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, included in marketing and promotion and other operating and administrative expenses.
Our accounts receivables include amounts not yet billed related to equipment installment plans, as summarized in the table below.
(a) Amount includes amortization of owned content of $
7.8
billion, $
7.8
billion and $
8.6
billion for the year ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as well as participations and residuals expenses.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
Video Distribution Programming Expenses
We incur programming expenses related to the license of the rights to distribute or integrate