security incidents and to identify and exploit vulnerabilities in security architecture and system design. These incidents include computer hacking, cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks, phishing attacks, malware, ransomware, malicious social engineering, theft, misconduct, fraud and other malicious activities. Incidents can be caused inadvertently by us or our third-party vendors, such as process breakdowns, human error, software or hardware failures or vulnerabilities in security architecture or system design.
Cyber threats and attacks are constantly evolving and are growing in sophistication and frequency, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. For example, we expect threat actors will continue to gain sophistication by using tools and techniques, such as AI, that are specifically designed to circumvent security controls. Some cyber attacks have had, and in the future can have, cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across networks, information systems and other technologies across the world and create latent vulnerabilities in our and third-party vendors’ systems and other technologies. We also obtain certain confidential, proprietary and personal information about our customers, personnel and vendors, that in many cases is provided or made available to third-party vendors who agree to protect it, which has in the past, and may in the future, become compromised through a cyber attack or data breach, misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information by us or a third party. Due to the nature of our businesses, we may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these types of incidents occurring because we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form. We also incorporate third-party software (including extensive open-source software), applications, and data hosting and cloud-based services into many aspects of our products, services and operations, as well as rely on service providers to help us perform our business operations, all of which expose us to cyber attacks with respect to such third-party suppliers and service providers and their products and services. Due to applicable laws, regulations and contractual obligations, we may be held responsible for cybersecurity breaches or incidents experienced by such third parties in relation to the information we share with them. Due to the complexity and interconnectedness of our systems and those of our third-party vendors, the process of enhancing our protective measures can itself create a risk of systems disruptions and security issues.
While we develop and maintain systems, and operate programs that seek to prevent security incidents from occurring, these efforts are costly and must be constantly monitored and updated in the face of sophisticated and rapidly evolving attempts to