that the estimated fair values of our reporting units were substantially higher than their carrying values and that the performance of a quantitative impairment test was not required. We performed a quantitative assessment in 2024 for goodwill in our Media segment. Based on this assessment, the estimated fair value of the Media reporting unit substantially exceeded its carrying value and no impairment was required.
Changes in market conditions, laws and regulations, and key assumptions made in future quantitative assessments, such as expected cash flows, competitive factors, discount rates, and value indications from market transactions, including the proposed Spin-off of businesses within our Media segment, could negatively impact the results of future impairment testing and could result in the recognition of an impairment charge.
Cable Franchise Rights
Our cable franchise rights assets result from agreements we have with state and local governments that allow us to construct and operate a cable business within a specified geographic area. The value of a franchise is derived from the economic benefits we receive from the right to solicit new customers and to market additional services in a particular service area. The amounts we record for cable franchise rights are primarily a result of cable system acquisitions. Typically when we acquire a cable system, the most significant asset we record is the value of the cable franchise rights.
When performing a quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair values of our cable franchise rights primarily based on a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant judgment, including the estimate of future cash flows and the selection of discount rates.
In 2024, we performed a qualitative assessment of our cable franchise rights. At the time of our previous quantitative assessment in 2022, which was pursuant to our practice of performing quantitative assessments of cable franchise rights approximately once every four years, the estimated fair values of our franchise rights substantially exceeded their carrying values. We also considered various factors that would affect the estimated fair values of our cable franchise rights in our qualitative assessment, including changes in our projected future cash flows, recent market transactions and overall macroeconomic conditions, discount rates, and changes in our market capitalization. Based on this assessment, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair values of our cable franchise rights were substantially higher than the carrying values and that the performance of a quantitative impairment test was not required.
Changes in market
conditions, laws and regulations, and key assumptions made in future quantitative assessments, such as expected cash flows, competitive factors, discount rates, and value indications from market transactions, could negatively impact the results of future impairment testing and could result in the