licensing the content to third parties. The Writers Guild and the SAG work stoppages from May to September 2023 and July to November 2023, respectively, resulted in reduced content licensing revenue at our Studios segment and reduced programming and production costs at both our Studios and Media segments in 2023.
We continue to invest significantly in existing and new theme park attractions, hotels and infrastructure, including Epic Universe in Orlando, which we expect will open in May 2025, as well as in new destinations and experiences, which we believe will have a positive impact on attendance and guest spending at our theme parks.
Table of Contents
Media Segment – Revenue
Revenue increased in 2024 primarily due to the Paris Olympics in 2024. Excluding incremental revenue associated with this event, revenue increased in 2024 driven by increases in domestic distribution and international networks revenue.
Percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with NM.
Domesti
c advertising revenue
primarily consists of revenue generated from sales of advertising on our linear television networks, Peacock and other digital properties operating predominantly in the United States.
Domestic advertising revenue increased in 2024 primarily due to the Paris Olympics in 2024. Excluding incremental revenue associated with this event, domestic advertising revenue remained consistent in 2024 primarily due to a decrease in revenue at our linear television networks, offset by an increase in revenue at Peacock.
Domestic distribution revenue
primarily consists of revenue generated from the distribution of our television networks operating predominantly in the United States to traditional and virtual multichannel video providers, and from NBC-affiliated and Telemundo-affiliated local broadcast television stations. Our revenue from distribution agreements is generally based on the number of subscribers receiving the programming on our television networks and a per subscriber fee. Distribution revenue also includes Peacock subscription fees.
Domestic distribution revenue increased in 2024, including the impact of the Paris Olympics in 2024. Excluding incremental revenue associated with this event, domestic distribution revenue increased in 2024 primarily due to an increase in Peacock paid subscribers, partially offset by a decrease in revenue at our linear television networks. The decrease at our networks was primarily due to a decline in the number of subscribers, partially offset by contractual rate increases.
Table of Contents
International networks revenue
primarily consists of revenue generated by our networks operating predominantly outside the United States, including
the Sky Sports networks in the United Kingdom and Italy. This revenue primarily results from the distribution of our television networks to traditional and virtual multichannel video providers and other platforms, as well as sales of advertising. A significant portion of this