business customers. We offer domestic wireless services using an MVNO agreement that allows us to offer services using Verizon’s wireless network along with our existing network of Wi-Fi hotspots across our network.
We continue to evolve and enhance our domestic network capabilities. In connection with a multiyear network transformation plan, in 2022 we began rolling out downstream speeds of up to 2 gigabits per second to our residential customers, which are now available to approximately 50% of our HFC network footprint. In 2023, we began deploying in select markets DOCSIS 4.0, which enables us to deliver multigigabit symmetrical broadband speeds over our existing HFC network. Additionally, as part of our network evolution, our engineering teams have been virtualizing and automating many core network functions using various technologies to expand capacity, increase operating efficiency, and identify and fix network issues proactively before they affect our customers. Our investment in virtualizing the network helps maintain network reliability and operational efficiency regardless of whether we connect a residence using either fiber or our HFC network. We continue to extend our network’s reach to new homes and businesses within our existing service areas, as well as edging-out to new service areas to expand the number of homes and businesses passed, and a significant portion of new homes and businesses passed are connected with fiber. We also partner with local, state and federal agencies when possible to provide services to unserved and underserved communities leveraging governmental subsidies where available.
The components of our domestic network require periodic maintenance and replacement and are primarily located on owned and leased properties, and in locations under agreements with local public utilities and municipalities. We operate national and regional data centers with equipment that is used to provide our services, and we maintain network operations centers with equipment necessary to monitor and manage the status of our services and network.
Our international services are offered leveraging third-party networks, as well as our own core fiber network for broadband and wireline voice services in the United Kingdom. The related operating plant and equipment used to provide our video and connectivity services include leased satellite system signal receiving, encoding and decoding devices, and owned and leased headends and distribution networks, including coaxial, fiber-optic cables and other related equipment. For a majority of international customers, our video platform is delivered via one-way digital satellite transmission that uses satellites leased from third parties for the distribution of television networks, augmented by a set-top box and two-way broadband connectivity. We offer broadband and wireline voice services in the United Kingdom and Italy using third-party networks. In many cases, the fee for us to access these