There is no established public trading market for Comcast’s Class B common stock. The Class B common stock can be converted, on a share for share basis, into Class A common stock.
Holders
Record holder
s as of January 15, 2025 are presented in the table below.
Holders of Class A common stock in the aggregate hold 66
2
/
3
% of the combined voting power of our common stock. The number of votes that each share of Class A common stock has at any given time depends on the number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock then outstanding, with each share of Class B common stock having 15 votes per share. The Class B common stock represents 33
1
/
3
% of the combined voting power of our common stock, which percentage is generally non-dilutable under the terms of our articles of incorporation. Mr. Brian L. Roberts beneficially owns all outstanding shares of Class B common stock. Generally, including as
to the election of directors, holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote as one class except where class voting is required by law.
Dividends
We expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends, although each dividend is subject to approval by our Board of Directors. Refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7: Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information.
Share Repurchases
The table below summarizes Comcast’s common stock repurchases during 2024.
(a)
In September 2022, our Board of Directors ap
proved a share repurchase program authorization of $20 billion and in January 2024, our Board of Directors terminated the existing program and approved a new program authorization of $15 billion effective as of January 26, 2024, which had no expiration date. In January 2025, our Board of Directors terminated this existing program and approved a new program authorization of $15 billion, which has no expiration date. We expect to repurchase additional shares of our Class A common stock under this authorization in the open market or in private transactions, subject to market and other conditions.
Table of Contents
The following graph compares the annual percentage change in the cumulative total shareholder return on Comcast’s Class A common stock during the five years ended December 31, 2024 with the cumulative total returns on the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index and a select peer group consisting of us and other companies engaged in the transmission and distribution and media industries. This peer group consists of our Class A common stock and the common stock of AT&T Inc., Charter Communications, Inc., Fox Corp. (Class A), Lumen Technologies, Inc., Paramount Global (Class B), T-Mobile US, Inc., Verizon Communications Inc., Warner Bros. Discovery Inc. and The Walt Disney Company.
The comparison assumes $100 was invested on December 31, 2019 in our Class A common stock and in each of the following indices and assumes the reinvestment of dividends.
Item 6: