businesses may be adversely affected if our content fails to achieve sufficient consumer acceptance.
We create and acquire media, sports and entertainment content, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that often change in unpredictable ways. To meet the changing preferences of our consumer markets, we must consistently create, acquire, market and distribute a broad array of content and theme park attractions. We have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in content, such as the production of films and original content for television networks and streaming services, and in the creation of new theme parks and theme park attractions, before learning the extent to which they will earn consumer acceptance.
We obtain a significant portion of our content from third parties, such as movie studios, television production companies, sports organizations and other suppliers, sometimes on an exclusive basis. Competition for popular content, particularly for sports programming, is intense. Entering into or renewing contracts for such content rights or acquiring additional rights has in the past resulted, and may result in the future, in significantly increased costs, potentially over an extended contractual term. Particularly with respect to contracts for sports rights, our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a contract depend on a number of factors, including the strength of the advertising market, audience size, the timing and amount of rights payments, and the ability to secure distribution from, impose surcharges on, or obtain carriage on multichannel video providers or to grow and retain subscribers to our own DTC services. There can be no assurance that revenue generated from these contracts will exceed our costs for the rights and of producing and distributing the programming. In addition, media companies may determine not to license popular content to us, and as more content owners offer their content directly to consumers through their own platforms, they may reduce the quantity and quality of the content they license to our linear television networks or Peacock. The inability to enter into or renew some or all of these contracts on acceptable terms could reduce the reach of our programming, which could adversely affect our results of operations and businesses.
Table of Contents
We also create content for licensing to third parties and to our linear television networks or Peacock. The inability to license such content on acceptable terms or at all could negatively impact our business. Moreover, we may generate lower revenue when we opt to retain our content for our own use, including for Peacock, rather than licensing it to third parties who pay licensing fees for such content.
If our content does not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, or if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on acceptable terms, or at all, our businesses may be adversely affected.