framework, as well as related priorities, mitigation and remediation activities, financial and employee resource levels, regulatory compliance, technology trends and third-party provider risks. To help inform this reporting framework, our primary businesses maintain incident response plans and other policies and procedures designed to respond to, mitigate and remediate cybersecurity incidents according to a defined set of severity ratings based on the potential impact to our business, information technology systems, network or data, including data held or information technology services provided by third-party vendors or other service providers.
Network and information systems and other technologies, including those that are related to our network management, customer service operations and programming delivery and are embedded in our products and services, are critical to our business activities.
We frequently obtain certain confidential, proprietary and/or personal information about our customers, personnel and vendors, which in many cases is provided or made available to third-party vendors who agree to protect it.
As a result, we have multiple layers of security designed to detect and block cybersecurity events, as well as a dedicated team of cybersecurity personnel, who assist our CISOs in helping to assess, identify, monitor, detect and manage cybersecurity risks, threats, vulnerabilities and incidents.
In the normal course, we engage assessors, consultants and other third parties to assist in various cyber-related matters
. For example, an outside consulting firm conducts a National Institute of Standards and Technology and International Organization for Standardization-based cybersecurity capability maturity assessment every three years, which is reviewed with the Audit Committee, and our security teams leverage third-party advisors, as appropriate. We also perform penetration tests, data recovery testing, security audits and risk assessments throughout the year. Our cybersecurity program also incorporates intelligence sharing capabilities about emerging threats within the telecommunications industry and other industries through collaboration with peer companies and specialized consultants and through public-private partnerships with government intelligence agencies. We hold cybersecurity trainings for our employees and request that key vendors do the same.
Table of Contents
However, while we develop and maintain systems, and operate programs that seek to prevent security incidents from occurring, these systems and programs must be constantly monitored and updated in the face of sophisticated and rapidly evolving attempts to overcome our security measures and protections.
The occurrence of both intentional and unintentional incidents has caused, and could cause in the future, a variety of adverse business impacts.
See “Item 1A: Risk Factors” above for additional information on risks related our business, including for example risks