licenses content to the Media segment, including for Peacock, rather than licensing the content to third parties.
We continue to invest significantly in existing and new theme park attractions, hotels and infrastructure, including Epic Universe in Orlando, which is scheduled to open in May 2025, as well as in new destinations and experiences, which we believe will have a positive impact on attendance and guest spending at our theme parks.
Media Segment Results of Operations
20
Table of Contents
Media Segment – Revenue
Domestic advertising revenue
decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to a decrease in revenue at our linear television networks, partially offset by an increase in revenue at Peacock.
Domestic distribution revenue
remained consistent for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to an increase in revenue at Peacock, offset by a decrease in revenue at our linear television networks.
International networks revenue
increased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to an increase in revenue associated with the distribution of sports networks.
*        *        *
Media segment total revenue included $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion related to Peacock for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and
2024
, respectively. We had 41 million and 34 million paid subscribers of Peacock as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Peacock paid subscribers represent customers from which we recognize distribution revenue, including both customers that pay us directly and customers receiving the service through arrangements with companies who sell Peacock on our behalf. In these arrangements, paid subscribers are counted based on the terms of the arrangement when the related revenue is recognized. As a result, certain customers are counted when they activate their account, while other customers are counted when the Peacock service is made available to them as part of their bundled service offering regardless of whether it is activated. The increase in paid subscribers in 2025 is mainly due to availability of Peacock through a third-party’s bundled service offering.
Media Segment – Costs and Expenses
Programming and production costs
decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to lower sports programming costs at Peacock and our domestic television networks, mainly reflecting lower sports volumes compared to the prior year period. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in entertainment content costs for our domestic television networks and an increase in sports programming costs for our international television networks.
Marketing and promotion expenses
increased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to higher costs related to marketing for entertainment programming, partially