include repurchases or exchanges of our outstanding public notes and debentures, depending on various factors, such as market conditions. Any such repurchases may be effected through privately negotiated transactions, market transactions, tender offers, redemptions or otherwise. In particular, we may repurchase varying amounts of our outstanding public notes and debentures with short to medium term maturities through privately negotiated or market transactions. See Notes 6 and 7 for additional information on our financing activities.
Share Repurchases and Dividends
In the second quarter of 2021, we restarted our share repurchase program, which had been paused since the beginning of 2019. In January 2024, our Board of Directors terminated our existing program and approved a new share repurchase program authorization of $15 billion effective as of January 26, 2024, which had no expiration date. In 2024, we repurchased a total of 212 million shares of our Class A common stock for $8.6 billion under our authorization programs. We did not purchase any shares outside of these programs. As of December 31, 2024, we had $7.0 billion remaining under the authorization, and in January 2025, our Board of Directors terminated the existing program and approved a new share repurchase program authorization of $15 billion, which has no expiration date. We expect to repurchase additional shares of our Class A common stock under this new authorization in the open market or in private transactions, subject to market and other conditions.
In 2024, our Board of Directors declared quarterly dividends of $0.31 per share, including our fourth quarter dividend payable in January 2025 and we made dividend payments of $4.8 billion. In January 2025, our Board of Directors approved a 6.5% increase in our dividend to $1.32 per share on an annualized basis and approved our first quarter dividend of $0.33 per share, to be paid in April 2025. We expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends, although each dividend is subject to approval by our Board of Directors.
Table of Contents
The chart below summarizes share repurchases and dividend payments. In addition, we paid $463 million and $291 million in 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to employee taxes associated with the administration of our share-based compensation plans and excise taxes related to share repurchases. Our share repurchases have more than offset dilution that resulted from issuing our Class A common stock in connection with our share-based compensation plans in those years, thereby having the effect of reducing the total number of our Class A common stock outstanding.
Contractual Obligations
The following table summarizes our most significant contractual obligations as of December 31,
2024
:
(a) Amounts represent the face value of debt and exclude interest payments.
Our largest contractual obligations relate to our outstanding debt. As of December 31,
2024
, our debt had a weighted-average time to maturity of