Nielsen estimates include subscribers to both traditional and certain virtual multichannel video providers. The Nielsen estimates are not based on information provided by us and are included solely to enable comparisons between our cable networks and those operated by our peers.
Our regional sports networks serve approximately 11 million households across the United States, including in markets such as Boston, Philadelphia, Sacramento and San Francisco.
Domestic Broadcast Networks
NBC
The NBC network features original entertainment, news and sports programming that reaches viewers in virtually all U.S. television households through more than 200 affiliated stations across the United States, including our 11 owned NBC local broadcast television stations. The NBC owned local broadcast television stations include stations in 8 of the top 10 general markets and collectively reached approximately 35 million U.S. television households as of December 31, 2024, representing approximately 28% of U.S. television households. In addition to broadcasting the NBC network’s national programming, local broadcast television stations deliver local news, weather, and investigative and consumer reporting.
Table of Contents
Telemundo
The Telemundo network, a Spanish-language broadcast network, features original entertainment, news, live specials and sports programming that reaches viewers in over 96% of all U.S. Hispanic television households through 122 affiliated stations, including our 30 owned Telemundo local broadcast television stations, and our national feed. The Telemundo owned local broadcast television stations include stations in all of the top 20 U.S. Hispanic markets and collectively reached approximately 71% of U.S. Hispanic television households as of December 31, 2024. In addition to broadcasting the Telemundo network’s national programming, local broadcast television stations deliver local news, weather, and investigative and consumer reporting. We also own an independent Telemundo station serving the Puerto Rico television market.
Peacock
Peacock is our DTC streaming service, featuring NBCUniversal and third-party content. Programming choices include exclusive Peacock originals, current NBC, Bravo and Telemundo shows, news, late-night comedy, live sports and a library of television shows and movies, as well as several live channels. The service is available on internet-connected devices and offered through two subscription-based tiers: an ad-supported tier and a tier featuring the same content ad-free, with certain limited exceptions. The ad-free tier also allows customers to download and watch select programming offline and provides customers with a live stream of their local NBC affiliate stations. We offer Peacock in the United States directly to customers or through arrangements with third parties and our Residential Connectivity & Platforms segment, which offer Peacock to customers on our behalf.
International Networks
We operate a diversified