potentially dilutive securities using the treasury stock method. Our potentially dilutive securities include potential common shares related to our stock options and our restricted share units (“RSUs”). Diluted EPS excludes the impact of potential common shares related to our stock options in periods in which the combination of the option exercise price and the associated unrecognized compensation expense is greater than the average market price of our common stock.
Antidilutive securities represent the number of potential common shares related to share-based compensation awards that were excluded from diluted EPS because their effect would have been antidilutive.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
Our share-based compensation plans consist primarily of awards of RSUs and stock options to certain employees and directors as part of our long-term incentive compensation structure. Awards generally vest over a period of
5
years and, in the case of stock options, have a
10
year term. RSUs include performance stock units awarded to certain senior executives with vesting after
3
years based upon the achievement of certain performance conditions. These performance stock units are not material to our consolidated results of operations in any period presented. As of December 31, 2024, virtually all of our stock options outstanding were net settled stock options, which result in fewer shares being issued and no cash proceeds being received by us when the options are exercised. Additionally, eligible employees may purchase shares of our common stock at a discount under our employee stock purchase plans.
The cost associated with our share-based compensation is based on an award’s estimated fair value at the date of grant and is recognized over the period in which any related services are provided. RSUs are primarily valued based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant and are discounted for the lack of dividends, if any, during the vesting period. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock option awards.
The table below presents the weighted-average fair value on the date of grant of RSUs and stock options awarded under our various plans and the related weighted-average valuation assumptions.
As of December 31, 2024, we had unrecognized pretax compensation expense of $
2.1
billion related to unvested RSUs and unvested stock options that will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately
1.6
years.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
(a) Cash payments for income taxes in 2024 includes $
1.7
billion related to the purchase of third-party transferable tax credits.
(b) Changes in other operating assets and liabilities in the consolidated statements of cash flows included an increase in current tax receivables and a decrease in current taxes payable for the year ended December 31, 2024, and an increase in current taxes payable for the year ended December 31, 2023. See Notes 5 and 7.