Company, effective immediately. The Amended and Restated Bylaws were amended to specify that proposals of business that would have an adverse effect on the rights, powers or preferences of a class of capital stock that require consent of one or more classes of stock in order to be effected may be made only by the Board or holder(s) of any class of capital stock that would be adversely affected. The Amended and Restated Bylaws also incorporate other minor clean-up and conforming changes. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended and Restated Bylaws, which are filed as Exhibit 3.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9C: Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
Table of Contents
Part III
Item 10: Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Except for the information regarding executive officers required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K, we incorporate the information required by this item by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our annual meeting of shareholders. We refer to this proxy statement as the 2025 Proxy Statement.
The term of office of each of our executive officers continues until his successor is selected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. The following table sets forth information concerning our executive officers, including their ages, positions and tenure, as of the date hereof.
Brian L. Roberts
has served as a director and as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer for more than five years. Mr. Roberts previously served as President until October 2022. As of December 31, 2024, Mr. Roberts had sole voting power over approximately 33
1
/
3
% of the combined voting power of our two classes of common stock. He is a son of our late founder, Mr. Ralph J. Roberts.
Michael J. Cavanagh
has served as President since October 2022 and Chief Financial Officer between July 2015 and January 2023. Prior to joining our company, Mr. Cavanagh had been Co-President and Co-Chief Operating Officer for The Carlyle Group, a global investment firm, since 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Cavanagh was the Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Corporate & Investment Bank of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from 2012 until 2014; the Chief Executive Officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Treasury & Securities Services business from 2010 to 2012; and the Chief Financial Officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from 2004 to 2010.
Jason S. Armstrong
has served as Chief Financial Officer since January 2023. He previously served as Treasurer between July 2020 and October 2023 and as Deputy Chief Financial Officer between January 2022 and January 2023, and held various other senior positions since joining our company in 2014, including as Chief Financial Officer of Sky Limited and as Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Prior to that, Mr. Armstrong spent 14 years at Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC where he most recently