opening in May 2025.
Headquarters and Other Results of Operations
Headquarters and Other expenses primarily consists of overhead, personnel and other costs necessary to operate the Content & Experiences business. Expenses decreased in 2024 primarily due to higher severance charges in 2023.
Eliminations
Amounts represent eliminations of transactions between segments in our Content & Experiences business, the most significant being content licensing between the Studios and Media segments, which are affected by the timing of recognition of content licenses.
Eliminations increase or decrease to the extent that additional content is made available to our other segments within the Content & Experiences business. Refer to Note 2 for additional information on transactions between our segments.
Corporate and Other primarily consists of overhead and personnel costs; Sky-branded video services and television networks in Germany; Comcast Spectacor, which owns the Philadelphia Flyers and the We
lls Fargo Center arena in Philadelphia, Penn
sylvania; and Xumo, our consolidated streaming platform joint venture.
Corporate and Other revenue
increased in 2024 reflecting higher revenue across each of our other businesses.
Corporate and Other costs and expenses
increased in 2024 primarily due to increases related to corporate functions and increased marketing associated with the Paris Olympics, partially offset by lower costs related to Sky operations in Germany, including charges related to entertainment content and the impact of the timing of recognition of costs in the prior year as a result of the 2022 FIFA World Cup. We will have expanded German broadcast rights to Bundesliga beginning with the 2025/2026 season, which will result in an increase in programming and production costs.
Table of Contents
Percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with NM.
Amounts represent eliminations of transactions between our Connectivity & Platforms, Content & Experiences and other businesses, the most significant being distribution of television network programming between the Media and Residential Connectivity & Platforms segments. Eliminations of transactions between segments within Content & Experiences are presented separately. Amounts are affected by the periodic broadcast of the Olympic Games, including the Paris Olympics in 2024. Refer to Note 2 for additional information on transactions between our segments.
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA
Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure and is the primary basis used to measure the operational strength and performance of our businesses as well as to assist in the evaluation of underlying trends in our businesses. This measure eliminates the significant level of noncash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the capital-intensive nature of certain of our businesses and from intangible assets recognized in business combinations. It is also unaffected by our capital and tax structures,