by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes
☐
No
☒
As of June 30, 2024, the aggregate market value of the Comcast Corporation common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $
150.621
billion.
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:
As of January 15, 2025, there were
3,771,578,226
shares of Comcast Corporation Class A common stock and
9,444,375
shares of Class B common stock outstanding.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Comcast Corporation – Part III – The registrant’s definitive Proxy Statement for its annual meeting of shareholders.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K
Table of Contents
Explanatory Note
This Annual Report on Form 10-K is for the year ended December 31, 2024. This Annual Report on Form 10-K modifies and supersedes documents filed before it. The U.S Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) allows us to “incorporate by reference” information that we file with it, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you directly to those documents. Information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, information that we file with the SEC in the future will automatically update and supersede information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unless indicated otherwise, throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we refer to Comcast and its consolidated subsidiaries, as “Comcast,” “we,” “us” and “our.”
Table of Contents
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains trademarks, service marks and trade names owned by us, as well as those owned by others.
Numerical information in this report is presented on a rounded basis using actual amounts. Minor differences in totals and percentage calculations may exist due to rounding.
Table of Contents
Part I
Item 1: Business
We are a global media and technology company that reaches customers, viewers and guests worldwide through the connectivity and platforms services we provide and the content and experiences we create. We deliver broadband, wireless, video and voice services primarily under the Xfinity, Comcast Business, Sky and NOW brands; produce, distribute and stream leading entertainment, sports and news through brands including NBC, Telemundo, Universal, Peacock and Sky; and own and operate Universal theme parks.
We operate two primary businesses:
•
Connectivity & Platforms:
Contains our broadband, wireless, video and wireline voice businesses in the United States, United Kingdom and Italy (collectively, the “Connectivity & Platforms markets”). Also includes the operations of our Sky-branded entertainment television networks in the United Kingdom and Italy. Our Connectivity & Platforms business is reported in two segments, Residential Connectivity & Platforms and Business Services Connectivity.
•
Content &