films over the internet, through devices, software and websites, counterfeit DVDs/Blu-rays and through other platforms interfere with the market for copyrighted works and present challenges for our content businesses. We have actively engaged in the enforcement of our intellectual property rights and likely will continue to expend substantial resources to protect our content. Although many legal protections exist to combat such practices, the extent of copyright protection is sometimes ambiguous and the use of technological protections can be controversial. Modifications to existing laws, a weakening of these protections or their enforcement or a failure of existing laws, in the United States or internationally, to adapt to new technologies could have an adverse effect on our ability to license and sell our programming.
U.S. copyright laws establish a cable compulsory copyright license that requires our video distribution business to contribute a specified percentage of revenue to a federal copyright royalty pool in exchange for retransmitting copyrighted material included in broadcast signals. We also pay standard industry licensing fees for the public performance of music in the programs we create or distribute. The cable compulsory copyright license and the royalties we pay are subject to audits and possible regulatory and legislative changes that could impact the royalty fees we pay and our ability to retransmit broadcast signals over cable systems. In addition, the landscape for music licensing is constantly changing, and music fees we pay are subject to new fee demands and negotiations. We cannot predict how changes to the compulsory copyright license and music licensing will impact the fees that we pay.
Privacy and Data Protection Regulation
Our businesses are subject to laws and regulations that impose various restrictions and obligations related to privacy and the processing of individuals’ personal information. In the United States, federal privacy laws and regulations, such as those found within the Communications Act or the Video Privacy Protection Act, restrict companies’ collection, use, disclosure and retention of personal information. The proliferation of laws at the state level has expanded consumers’ rights to include individual rights of access, deletion, portability, correction, the right to appeal, and the individual’s right to “opt in” to collection and use of certain types of “sensitive” personal information. Internationally, many of the laws that apply to our businesses are similar to the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation and the United Kingdom’s Data Protection Act of 2018, which broadly regulate the processing of personal data collected from individuals in the European Union and United Kingdom, respectively.
Table of Contents
Some of our businesses are also subject to the FTC’s general oversight of consumer privacy protections through its enforcement authority over unfair and deceptive acts or