statements included in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
In November 2024, we announced our intention to create SpinCo, a new independent publicly traded company comprised of select domestic cable television networks along with complementary digital assets through a tax-free spin-off. We are targeting to complete the spin-off by the end of 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including obtaining final approval from our Board of Directors, satisfactory completion of SpinCo financings, receipt of tax opinions and receipt of any regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance that a separation transaction will occur, or, if one does, of its terms or timing. The condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes do not reflect the proposed spin-off.
Reclassifications
Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. Refer to Note 3 for a discussion of the changes in our presentation of disaggregated revenue.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued updated accounting guidance related to income tax disclosures. The updated accounting guidance, among other things, requires additional disclosure primarily related to the income tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. We will adopt the updated accounting guidance in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2025.
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
In November 2024, the FASB issued updated accounting guidance related to disclosures about certain costs and expenses. The updated accounting guidance, among other things, requires quantitative disclosures for employee compensation, selling expenses and purchases of inventory. The updated guidance is effective beginning in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2027.
Note 2:
Segment Information
We are a global media and technology company with
five
segments: Residential Connectivity & Platforms, Business Services Connectivity, Media, Studios and Theme Parks.
Our financial data by segment is presented in the tables below. We do not present asset information for our segments as this information is not used to allocate resources.
6
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
7
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
(a)
Our most significant intersegment revenue transactions include distribution revenue in Media related to fees from Residential Connectivity & Platforms for the rights to distribute television programming, and content licensing revenue in Studios for licenses of owned content to Media.
(b)
Includes the operations of our Sky-branded video services and television networks in Germany; Comcast Spectacor, which owns the Philadelphia Flyers and the Wells Fargo Center arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and Xumo, our consolidated streaming platform joint venture with Charter Communications. Corporate and other also includes