purchased life insurance policies to recover a portion of the future payments related to our deferred compensation plans. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the cash surrender value of these policies, which is recorded to other noncurrent assets, net, was $
566
million and $
512
million, respectively.
Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans
We sponsor several 401(k) defined contribution retirement plans that allow eligible employees to contribute a portion of their compensation through payroll deductions in accordance with specified plan guidelines. We make contributions to the plans that include matching a percentage of the employees’ contributions up to certain limits.
In 2024, 2023 and 2022, expenses related to these plans totaled $
661
million, $
650
million and $
632
million, respectively.
We participate in various multiemployer benefit plans, including pension and postretirement benefit plans, that cover some of our employees and temporary employees who are represented by labor unions. We also participate in other multiemployer benefit plans that provide health and welfare and retirement savings benefits to active and retired participants. If we cease to be obligated to make contributions or were to otherwise withdraw from participation in any of these plans, applicable law would require us to fund our allocable share of the unfunded vested benefits, which is known as a withdrawal liability. In addition, actions taken by other participating employers may lead to adverse changes in the financial condition of one of these plans, which could result in an increase in our withdrawal liability.
Total contributions we made to multiemployer benefit plans and any potential withdrawal liabilities were not material in any of the periods presented.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
Common Stock
In the aggregate, holders of our Class A common stock have 66
2
/
3
% of the voting power of our common stock and holders of our Class B common stock have 33
1
/
3
% of the voting power of our common stock, which percentage is generally non-dilutable under the terms of our articles of incorporation. Each share of our Class B common stock is entitled to
15
votes. The number of votes held by each share of our Class A common stock depends on the number of shares of Class A and Class B common stock outstanding at any given time. The 33
1
/
3
% aggregate voting power of our Class B common stock cannot be diluted by additional issuances of any other class of common stock. Our Class B common stock is convertible, share for share, into Class A common stock, subject to certain restrictions.
We present excise tax payments related to repurchases of common stock within repurchases of common stock under repurchase program and employee plans in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
Weighted-average common shares outstanding used in calculating diluted earnings per common share attributable to Comcast Corporation shareholders (“diluted EPS”) considers the impact of