impacted by changes in the allocation of revenue among services sold in a bundle, the allocation does not impact average monthly total revenue per customer relationship. Each of our services has a different contribution to Adjusted EBITDA margin. We use average monthly Adjusted EBITDA per customer relationship to evaluate the profitability of our customer base across our service offerings. We believe both metrics are useful to understand the trends in our business, and average monthly Adjusted EBITDA per customer relationship is useful particularly as we continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses.
Table of Contents
Connectivity & Platforms — Supplemental Costs and Expenses Information
Connectivity & Platforms supplemental costs and expenses information in the table below is presented on an aggregate basis across the Connectivity & Platforms segments as the segments use certain shared infrastructure, including our network in the United States. Costs and expenses information reported separately for the Residential Connectivity & Platforms and Business Services Connectivity segments includes each segment’s direct costs and an allocation of shared costs.
(a)
Programming expenses, which represent our most significant operating expense, are the fees we incur to provide video services to our customers, and primarily include fees related to the distribution of television network programming and fees charged for retransmission of the signals from local broadcast television stations. These expenses also include the costs of content on the Sky-branded entertainment television networks, including amortization of licensed content.
(b)
Technical and support expenses primarily consists of costs for labor to complete service call and installation activities; and costs for network operations and satellite transmission, product development, fulfillment and provisioning.
(c)
Direct product costs primarily consists of access fees related to using wireless and broadband networks owned by third parties to deliver our services and costs of products sold, including wireless devices and Sky Glass smart televisions.
(d)
Marketing and promotion expenses primarily consists of the costs associated with attracting new customers and promoting our service offerings.
(e)
Customer service expenses primarily consists of the personnel and other costs associated with customer service and certain selling activities.
(f)
Other expenses primarily consists of administrative personnel costs; franchise and other regulatory fees; fees paid to third parties where we sell advertising on their behalf; bad debt; building and office expenses, taxes and billing costs; and other business, headquarters and support costs necessary to operate the Connectivity & Platforms business.
(g)
Constant currency is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section on page 44 for additional information, including our definition and our use of constant currency, and