tested for impairment primarily on a channel, network or platform basis, with the exception of our broadcast networks and owned local broadcast television stations, which are tested on a daypart basis. Sports rights are accounted for as executory contracts and are not subject to impairment. When performing an impairment assessment, we estimate fair value primarily based on a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant judgment, including market participant estimates of future cash flows, which are supported by internal forecasts. Impairments of capitalized film and television costs were not material in any of the periods presented.
We recognize the costs of multiyear, live-event sports rights as the rights are utilized over the contract term based on estimated relative value. Estimated relative value is generally based on terms of the contract and the nature of and potential revenue generation of the deliverables within the contract.
Table of Contents
Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We maintain a mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt and we are exposed to the market risk of adverse changes in interest rates. In order to manage the cost and volatility relating to the interest cost of our outstanding debt, we enter into various interest rate risk management derivative transactions in accordance with our policy.
We monitor our exposure to the risk of adverse changes in interest rates through the use of techniques that include market valuation and sensitivity analyses. We do not engage in any speculative or leveraged derivative transactions.
Our interest rate derivative financial instruments, which primarily include cross-currency swaps and interest rate swaps, represent an integral part of our interest rate risk management program.
The effect of our interest rate derivative financial instruments to our consolidated interest expense was an increase of $49 million in 2024, a decrease of $56 million in 2023 and a decrease of $66 million in 2022. Interest rate derivative financial instruments may have a significant effect on consolidated interest expense in the future.
The table below summarizes by contractual year of maturity the principal amount of our debt, notional amount of our interest rate instruments, effective rates, and fair values subject to interest rate risk maintained by us as of December 31, 2024. We had no variable rate debt outstanding as of December 31, 2024. We estimate interest rates on variable rate swaps using the relevant average implied forward rates through the year of maturity based on the yield curve in effect on December 31, 2024, plus the applicable borrowing margin.
(a)
Includes the effects of our fixed-to-fixed cross-currency swaps, which are discussed further below under the heading “Foreign Exchange Risk Management.”
(b)
Notional amounts are used to calculate the interest to be paid or received and do not represent our exposure to credit loss. The estimated fair value