overhead and personnel costs for Corporate.
(c)
The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly provided to our chief operating decision maker. Intersegment expenses are included in the amounts shown.
(d)
Other for each segment primarily includes:
Residential Connectivity & Platforms and Business Services Connectivity: technical and support; direct product costs; marketing and promotion; customer service; administrative personnel costs; franchise and other regulatory fees; fees paid to third parties where we sell advertising on their behalf; bad debt; and other business, headquarters and support costs, including building and office expenses, taxes and billing costs necessary to operate the Residential Connectivity & Platforms and Business Services Connectivity segments. Our chief operating decision maker uses aggregate expense information to manage the operations of the Business Services Connectivity segment.
Media and Studios: salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
Theme Parks: theme park operations, including repairs and maintenance and related administrative expenses; food, beverage and merchandise costs; labor costs; and sales and marketing costs. Our chief operating decision maker uses aggregate expense information to manage the operations of the Theme Parks segment.
(e)
We use Adjusted EBITDA as the measure of profit or loss for our segments. From time to time we may report the impact of certain events, gains, losses or other charges related to our segments within Corporate and other.
(f)
Includes overhead, personnel costs and other costs necessary to operate the Media, Studios and Theme Parks segments.
8
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
Note 3:
Revenue
(a)
Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, commission revenue from the sale of certain direct to consumer (“DTC”) streaming services and revenue related to certain equipment are presented in video revenue. Previously, these amounts were presented in domestic broadband and international connectivity. Prior periods have been reclassified to reflect the current year presentation.
(b)
See Note 2 for additional information on intersegment revenue transactions.
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets
The table below summarizes our accounts receivable and other balances that are not separately presented in our condensed consolidated balance sheets that relate to the recognition of revenue and collection of the related cash.
Our accounts receivables include amounts not yet billed related to equipment installment plans, as summarized in the table below.
9
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
Note 4:
Programming and Production Costs
(a) Amount includes amortization of owned content of $
2.2
billion and $
2.1
billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, as well as participations and residuals expenses.
Capitalized Film and Television Costs
Note 5:
Debt
As of March 31, 2025, our debt had a