offer residential security and automation services. We also license our technology platforms to other multichannel video providers and distribute certain of our Sky-branded entertainment television networks to third-party video service providers.
Business Services Connectivity Segment
Our Business Services Connectivity segment consists of our domestic service offerings for small businesses, which include broadband, wireline voice and wireless services, as well as our enterprise solutions offerings for medium-sized customers and larger enterprises. Certain business customers subscribe to our video services, and the associated revenue is included in our Residential Connectivity & Platforms segment. We also have certain business connectivity service offerings in the United Kingdom.
Our domestic broadband offerings have a range of service levels, including fiber-based services that deliver symmetrical speeds ranging up to 100 gigabits per second.
Our small business broadband, wireline voice and wireless service offerings are similar to those provided to our residential customers and also include cloud-based cybersecurity services, wireless backup connectivity, advanced Wi-Fi solutions, video monitoring services and other cl
oud-based services.
Our enterprise solutions offerings also include ethernet network services, which connect multiple locations and provide higher downstream and upstream speed options, advanced voice services, and a software-defined networking product. Larger enterprises may also receive support services related to Wi-Fi networks, router management, network security, business continuity risks and other services. These services are primarily provided to Fortune 1000 companies and other large enterprises with multiple locations both within and outside of our distribution footprint, where we provide coverage outside of our service areas through agreements with other companies to use their networks.
Table of Contents
Network and Technology
The segments within our Connectivity & Platforms business use our HFC network in the United States, which we believe is sufficiently flexible and scalable to support our future technology requirements and enables us to continue to grow capacity and capabilities over time.
This network provides the two-way transmissions required to provide connectivity services and interactive video and entertainment services through our platforms, and consists primarily of headends, fiber-optic and coaxial cables owned or leased by us, and equipment such as lasers, routers, switches and content distribution servers. Across nearly our entire domestic footprint, we leverage DOCSIS 3.1 to offer up to gigabit-plus downstream broadband speeds to residential and business customers. We also deploy fiber-to-the-premises with symmetrical speed offerings ranging up to 10 gigabits per second to residential customers who request that service, subject to local construction constraints, and up to 100 gigabits per second to