after the date of investment, (2) amortization of the recorded investment that exceeds our share of the book value of the investee’s net assets, (3) additional contributions made and dividends or other distributions received, and (4) impairments resulting from other-than-temporary declines in fair value. For some investments, we record our share of the investee’s net income or loss one quarter in arrears due to the timing of our receipt of such information. Gains or losses on the
sale of equity method investments are recorded to other income (loss), net. If an equity method investee were to issue additional securities that would change our proportionate share of the entity, we would recognize the change, if any, as a gain or loss to oth
er income (loss), net. Cash distributions received from equity method investments are considered returns on investment and are presented within operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows to the extent of cumulative equity in net income of the investee.
Additional distributions are presented as investing activities. Distributions presented within operating activities totaled $
297
million, $
217
million and $
162
million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Atairos
On January 1, 2016, we established Atairos Group, Inc., a strategic company focused on investing in and operating companies in a range of industries and business sectors, both domestically and internationally. Atairos is controlled by management companies led by our former CFO through interests that carry all of the voting rights. We are the only third-party investor in Atairos.
In November 2020, we amended our agreement with Atairos, which primarily extended the investment term of the agreement from up to
12
years to up to
16.5
years, extended the period in which capital can be recycled to the full investment period and decreased our commitment to fund Atairos from up to $
5
billion to up to $
4.5
billion in the aggregate at any one time, subject to certain offsets, with the maximum amount of annual capital calls reduced to $
400
million, plus certain amounts previously distributed. In addition, we have separately committed to fund Atairos $
40
million annually for a management fee, subject to certain adjustments. The management company investors have committed to fund from $
50
million to $
100
million, with at least $
40
million to be funded by our former CFO, subject to his continued role with Atairos. Our economic interests do not carry voting rights and obligate us to absorb approximately
99
% of any losses and they provide us the right to receive approximately
86
% of any residual returns in Atairos, in either case on a cumulative basis.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
We have concluded that Atairos is a VIE, that we do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of Atairo
s as we have no voting rights and only certain consent rights, and that we are not a