required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
Yes
☒
No
☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.
☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes
☐
No
☒
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:
As of April 15, 2025, there were
3,724,259,552
shares of Comcast Corporation Class A common stock and
9,444,375
shares of Class B common stock outstanding.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Explanatory Note
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is for the three months ended March 31, 2025. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q modifies and supersedes documents filed before it. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) allows us to “incorporate by reference” information that we file with it, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you directly to those documents. Information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition, information that we file with the SEC in the future will automatically update and supersede information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Unless indicated otherwise, throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we refer to Comcast and its consolidated subsidiaries as “Comcast,” “we,” “us” and “our.”
Numerical information in this report is presented on a rounded basis using actual amounts. Minor differences in totals and percentage calculations may exist due to rounding.
CAUTION CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes statements that may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts or statements of current conditions, but instead represent only our beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside of our control. These may include estimates, projections and statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating results, which are based on current expectations