its carrying value and no impairment was recognized.
We identified the goodwill impairment assessment of the Media reporting unit as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair value of the Media reporting unit. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, when performing audit procedures to evaluate management’s conclusion related to the aggregation of components into a single reporting unit and the reasonableness of management’s estimates and assumptions related to the selection of the discount rate, revenue growth rate and Adjusted EBITDA margin included in future expected cash flows for the Media reporting unit.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures to evaluate the determination of the reporting unit as well as the discount rate, revenue growth rate and Adjusted EBITDA margin included in future expected cash flows used by management to estimate the fair value of the Media reporting unit included the following, among others:
•
We tested the effectiveness of controls over management’s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over (a) the accounting policies regarding identification of the unit of account for goodwill and (b) the determination of the fair value of Media, such as controls related to management’s selection of the discount rate and forecasts of future expected cash flows.
•
With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) valuation methodology and (2) discount rate, including testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate, testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculation, and developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rate selected by management.
•
We evaluated management’s ability to accurately forecast future revenue and Adjusted EBITDA margin by comparing prior year forecasts to actual results in the respective years.
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
•
We evaluated the reasonableness of management’s current forecasts of future revenue and Adjusted EBITDA margin by comparing such forecasts to historical results and to forecasted information included in Company press releases as well as in analyst and industry reports of the Company and companies in its peer group.
Income Taxes - Refer to Note 5 to the financial statements.
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Company completed an internal corporate reorganization which resulted in a federal net capital loss of $9.1 billion, which can be carried back three years. Given capital gains recognized in prior federal income tax returns, the Company recognized an income tax benefit and a corresponding refund receivable of $1.9 billion.
We identified the accounting for the tax benefit as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgment required to (1) determine whether the tax