each comparable prior year period adjusted to reflect the average exchange rates from each current year period presented rather than the actual exchange rates that were in effect during the respective periods.
Reconciliation of Connectivity & Platforms Constant Currency
Table of Contents
Reconciliation of Residential Connectivity & Platforms Constant Currency
Other Adjustments
From time to time, we present adjusted information, such as revenue, to exclude the impact of certain events, gains, losses or other charges. This adjusted information is a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe, among other things, that the adjusted information may help investors evaluate our ongoing operations and can assist in making meaningful period-over-period comparisons.
Our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities. We believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed charges, through our cash flows from operating activities; existing cash, cash equivalents and investments; available borrowings under our existing credit facility; and our ability to obtain future external financing. Refer to the “Contractual Obligations” discussion below for additional information regarding our cash requirements. We anticipate that we will continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows from operating activities in repaying our debt obligations, funding our capital expenditures and cash paid for intangible assets, investing in business opportunities, and returning capital to shareholders.
We entered into a new revolving credit facility in May 2024 (see Note 6).
We maintain significant availability under our revolving credit facility and our commercial paper program to meet our short-term liquidity requirements. Our commercial paper program generally provides a lower-cost source of borrowing to fund our short-term working capital requirements. As of December 31, 2024, amounts available under our revolving credit facility, net of amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program and outstanding letters of credit and bank guarantees, totaled
$
11.8 billion.
Table of Contents
W
e are subject to customary covenants and restrictions set forth in agreements related to debt issued at Comcast and certain of our subsidiaries, including the indentures governing our public debt securities and the credit agreement governing the Comcast revolving credit facility. Our revolving credit facility contains a financial covenant pertaining to leverage, which is the ratio of debt to EBITDA, as defined in the agreement. Compliance with this financial covenant is tested on a quarterly basis. As of December 31, 2024, we met this financial covenant, and we expect to remain in compliance with this financial covenant and other covenants related to our debt.
Operating Activities
The variance in changes in operating assets and liabilities in 2024 was primarily related to the timing of amortization