not part of a film group is generally assessed in packages, channels or dayparts. A daypart is an aggregation of programs broadcast during a particular time of day or programs of a similar type. Licensed content is tested for impairment primarily on a channel, network or platform basis, with the exception of our broadcast networks and owned local broadcast television stations, which are tested on a daypart basis. Estimated fair values of owned and licensed content are generally based on Level 3 inputs including analysis of market participant estimates of future cash flows. We record charges related to impairments or content that is substantively abandoned to programming and production costs.
Sports Rights
We recognize the costs of multiyear, live-event sports rights as the rights are used over the contract term based on estimated relative value. Estimated relative value is generally based on the terms of the contract and the nature of and potential revenue generation of the deliverables within the contract. Sports rights are accounted for as executory contracts and are not subject to impairment. When cash payments, including advanc
ed payments, exceed the relative value of the sports rights delivered, we recognize an asset in licensed content. Production costs incurred in advance of airing are also presented in licensed content.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
Our income tax expense (benefit) differs from the federal statutory amount because of the effect of the items detailed in the table below.
(a) We updated our presentation in 2024 to include all federal tax credits within the “tax credits” caption, which results in reclassification of prior period amounts. Federal tax credits for foreign income taxes previously presented within the “foreign income taxed at different rates” caption and federal research and development credits previously presented in a stand-alone caption are now presented within the “tax credits” caption.
We base our provision for income taxes on our current period income, changes in our deferred income tax assets and liabilities, income tax rates, changes in estimates of our uncertain tax positions, tax planning opportunities available in the jurisdictions in which we operate and excess tax benefits or deficiencies that arise when the tax consequences of share-based compensation differ from amounts previously recognized in the statements of income. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities when there are temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and tax basis of our assets and liabilities and for the expected benefits of using net operating loss carryforwards. When a change in the tax rate or tax law has an impact on deferred taxes, we apply the change based on the years in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. We record the change in our consolidated financial statements in the period of enactment.
Table of Contents
Comcast Corporation
The determination of the income tax