positions. The decrease in income tax expense for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 was primarily driven by lower domestic income before income taxes.
Consolidated net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests
is consistent
f
or the
three months ended March 31, 2025
compared to the same period in
2024
.
15
Table of Contents
Segment Operating Results
Our segment operating results are presented based on how we assess operating performance and internally report financial information. See Note 2 for additional information on our segments.
Connectivity & Platforms Results of Operations
(a)
Our Adjusted EBITDA margin is Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue. We believe this metric is useful particularly as we continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses and improving overall operating cost management. The changes reflect the year-over-year basis point changes in the rounded Adjusted EBITDA margins.
(b)
Constant currency is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section on page 23 for additional information, including our definition and our use of constant currency, and for a reconciliation of constant currency amounts.
We continue to focus on growing our higher-margin connectivity businesses while managing overall operating costs. We also continue to invest in our network to support higher-speed broadband offerings and to expand the number of homes and businesses passed. Our customer relationship additions/(losses) continue to be negatively impacted by an increasingly competitive environment. We are focused on increasing our residential connectivity revenue through growth in average domestic broadband revenue per customer, as well as growth in domestic wireless and international connectivity revenue. At the same time, we expect continued declines in video revenue as a result of domestic customer net losses due to shifting video consumption patterns and the competitive environment, although customer net losses typically mitigate the impact of continued rate increases on programming expenses. We also expect continued declines in other revenue related to declines in wireline voice revenue. We are also focused on growing our Business Services Connectivity segment revenue by offering competitive services, including enterprise solutions.
16
Table of Contents
Connectivity & Platforms Customer Metrics
(a)
Residential Connectivity & Platforms customer relationships generally represent the number of residential customer locations that subscribe to at least one of our services. International Residential Connectivity & Platforms customer relationships represent customers receiving Sky services in the United Kingdom and Italy. Because each of our services includes a variety of product tiers, which may change from time to time, net additions or losses in any one period will reflect a mix of customers at various tiers.
(b)
Business Services Connectivity customer