related party with our former CFO or the management companies. We therefore do not consolidate Atairos and account for our investment as an equity method investment. Certain distributions retained by Atairos on our behalf are accounted for as advances and classified within other investments. Atairos may pledge our remaining unfunded capital commitment as security to lenders in connection with certain financing arrangem
ents. This has no effect on our funding commitments. There are no other liquidity arrangements, guarantees or other financial commitments between Comcast and Atairos, and therefore our maximum risk of financial loss is our investment balance and our remaining unfunded capital commitment of $
1.4
billion as of December 31, 2024.
Atairos follows investment company accounting and records its inv
estments at their fair values each reporting period with the net gains or losses reflected in its statement of operations. We recognize our share of these gains and losses in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net. In 2024, 2023 and 2022, we made cash capital contributions totaling $
73
million, $
145
million, and $
52
million, respe
ctively, to Atairos. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, our investment, inclusive of advances classified within other investments, was $
5.1
billion and $
5.5
billion, respectively.
Hulu and Collateralized Obligation
In 2019, we entered into a series of agreements with The Walt Disney Company and certain of its subsidiaries, whereby we relinquished our board seats and substantially all voting rights associated with our investment in Hulu, and Disney assumed full operational control. Concurrent with these agreements, we also acquired additional ownership interest in Hulu previously held by AT&T. Following these transactions, our interest was approximately
33
% and we had the right, but not the obligation, to fund our proportionate share of future equity capital calls. The agreements included put and call provisions regarding our ownership interest in Hulu, pursuant to which, as early as January 2024, we could require Disney to buy, and Disney could require us to sell our interest, in either case, for fair value at that future time subject to a minimum equity value of $
27.5
billion for
100
% of the equity of Hulu. In the third quarter of 2023, we amended these agreements and agreed, among other things, that the put/call provisions regarding our interest could be exercised in November 2023 (in addition to subsequent periods) and that we would fund our share of prior equity capital calls if the put/call was exercised in November 2023.
In November 2023, we exercised our put right requiring Disney to purchase our interest in Hulu. As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2023, Disney paid us $
8.6
billion, representing $
9.2
billion for our share of Hulu’s minimum equity value, less $
557
million for our share of prior capital calls. Additional proceeds for any excess of the fair value of our interest over the $