portfolio of international television networks, including premium sports networks under the Sky Sports brand in the United Kingdom and Italy, with a majority of networks dedicated to a specific sport, such as European football. We also operate several NBCUniversal international television networks globally, including CNBC International, Studio Universal, Telemundo International and Universal TV.
Programming
Our television networks and Peacock include content licensed from our Studios segment and from third parties, as well as content produced by Media segment businesses, such as live news and sports programming and certain original content, including late-night comedy for NBC and original telenovelas for Telemundo.
We have various multiyear agreements for the licensing of content, including contracts related to television and/or streaming rights
for sporting events. We generally seek to include in our sports rights agreements the rights to distribute content on one or more of our television networks and on digital properties, including Peacock.
Our most significant sports rights agreements relate to the NBA, NFL, Olympics and English Premier League. The table below presents a summary of these and certain other sports rights:
Table of Contents
(a) Beginning with the 2025-26 NBA season and 2026 WNBA season, includes the rights to produce and distribute across our networks and on Peacock a specified number of NBA and WNBA regular season and playoff games, the NBA All-Star game and NBA All-Star Saturday Night each season, as well as six NBA Conference Finals series and three WNBA Finals series over the term of the agreements. A certain number of NBA games will also be distributed in the Spanish language on Telemundo.
(b) Includes the rights to produce and distribute on NBC and on Peacock a specified number of regular season games that includes Sunday Night Football games, Thursday Kickoff games and Thanksgiving night games, playoff games, and three remaining Super Bowl games, the next of which is in February 2026. The agreement expires after the 2033-34 season, with a termination right available to the NFL after the 2029-30 season. The agreement also includes rights to additional exclusive games on Peacock. All of the NFL games are also distributed in the Spanish language on Universo or Telemundo.
(c) Includes the unilateral right by the other party (i.e., the licensor) to the agreement, under certain circumstances, to shorten the term of the agreement by one year.
Our television and streaming business competes for the acquisition of content, including sports rights, and for on-air and creative talent primarily with other television networks, DTC streaming providers, and local broadcast television stations. In Europe, major sports rights, which are significant to our international networks, are usually tendered through a competitive auction process, with the winning bidder or bidders acquiring rights over a 3 to 5 year period.
Studios Segment
Our