continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows from operating activities in repaying our debt obligations, funding our capital expenditures and cash paid for intangible assets, investing in business opportunities, and returning capital to shareholders.
We maintain significant availability under our revolving credit facility and our commercial paper program to meet our short-term liquidity requirements. Our commercial paper program generally provides a lower-cost source of borrowing to fund our short-term working capital requirements. As of March 31, 2025, amounts available under our revolving credit facility, net of amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program and outstanding letters of credit and bank guarantees, totaled $11.8 billion.
Our revolving credit facility contains a financial covenant pertaining to leverage, which is the ratio of debt to EBITDA, as defined in the agreement. Compliance with this financial covenant is tested on a quarterly basis. As of March 31, 2025, we met this financial covenant, and we expect to remain in compliance with this financial covenant.
Operating Activit
ies
Components of Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities
The variance in changes in operating assets and liabilities for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 was primarily related to decreases in receivables, increases in inventory, and the timing of amortization and related payments for our film and television costs.
The decrease in payments of interest for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 was primarily due to the timing of interest payments on outstanding debt in the prior year period.
Payments of income taxes increased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to higher payments for federal and foreign income taxes, offset by lower state income taxes in the current year period. Payments were also impacted by the timing of transferable tax credit purchases, as payments for certain tax credits used in the second half of 2024 were made in the current year period.
Additionally, we expect to receive a federal income tax refund in the current year as a result of carrying back a capital loss created primarily as part of a 2024 internal corporate reorganization to offset capital gains recognized in our federal income tax returns for 2021 through 2023.
Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily du
e to
de
creased capital expenditures, decreased purchases of short-term investments,
decreased cash paid related to the construction of Universal Beijing Resort, and decreased cash paid for intangible assets related to software development in the current year period. This decrease was partially offset by decreased proceeds from the maturity of short-term investments in the current year period. Capital