markets, which generally result in negative impacts to net customer relationship additions/(losses) in the second quarter of each year.
Similar to seasonal and cyclical variations in our Media segment, advertising revenue is subject to cyclical patterns and changes in viewership levels, driven by timing of the winter holiday season, political campaigns, sports seasons and when programming is aired.
Media Segment
We operate our Media segment as a combined television and streaming business, which primarily includes:
•
NBCUniversal’s national and regional cable networks
•
NBC and Telemundo broadcast networks and owned local broadcast television stations
•
Peacock DTC streaming service
•
International television networks, including Sky Sports networks in the United Kingdom and Italy
We distribute a wide variety of programming on our linear television networks and streaming services to appeal to consumers with varying preferences across demographics and geographic areas.
Table of Contents
R
evenue is primarily generated from the sale of advertising and from the distribution of our television and streaming programming.
We sell advertising on our linear television networks, Peacock and other digital properties. Our advertising sales are affected by the prices we charge for each advertising unit, which are generally based on the size and demographics of our viewing audiences, audience ratings on our television networks, the number of advertising units we can place in our programming and on our digital properties, and our ability to sell advertising across our television and streaming business.
We receive fees from the d
istribution of our television networks to traditional multichannel video providers, such as our Residential Connectivity & Platforms segment, and virtual multichannel video providers that offer streamed linear television networks. Our distribution agreements are generally multiyear, with revenue based on the number of subscribers receiving the programming on our television networks and a per subscriber fee, although revenue for certain of our television networks is based on a fixed fee. These fees include amounts for our owned television networks, including under NBC and Telemundo retransmission consent agreements, as well as associated fees from NBC-affiliated and Telemundo-affiliated local broadcast television stations. We also receive monthly retail or wholesale subscription fees for Peacock.
We also generate revenue from the licensing of our owned content and technology and from various digital properties.
Domestic Cable Networks
We operate a diversified portfolio of cable networks operating predominantly in the United States. The table below presents a summary of NBCUniversal’s national cable networks and their advertising reach to U.S. households.
(a)
Household data is based on information from The Nielsen Company as of December 31, 2024 using its Cable Coverage Universe Estimates report and dynamic ad insertion est
imates. The