2024, our operations were producing in the U.S., Norway, Canada, Australia, Malaysia, Libya, China, Qatar and Equatorial Guinea.
The information listed below appears in the
“Supplementary Data - Oil and Gas Operations”
disclosures following the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and is incorporated herein by reference:
•
Proved worldwide crude oil, NGLs, natural gas and bitumen reserves.
•
Net production of crude oil, NGLs, natural gas and bitumen.
•
Average sales prices of crude oil, NGLs, natural gas and bitumen.
•
Average production costs per BOE.
•
Net wells completed, wells in progress and productive wells.
•
Developed and undeveloped acreage.
The following table is a summary of the proved reserves information included in the
“Supplementary Data - Oil and Gas Operations”
disclosures following the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Approximately 84 percent of our proved reserves are in countries that belong to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. Natural gas reserves are converted to BOE based on a 6:1 ratio: six MCF of natural gas converts to one BOE.
See Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
for a discussion of factors that will enhance the understanding of the following summary reserves table.
Alaska
The Alaska segment primarily explores for, produces, transports and markets crude oil, natural gas and NGLs. We are the largest crude oil producer in Alaska and have major ownership interests in the Prudhoe Bay, Kuparuk and Western North Slope asset areas. Additionally, we are one of Alaska’s largest owners of state, federal and fee exploration leases, with approximately one million net undeveloped acres at year-end 2024. Alaska operations contributed 14 percent of our consolidated liquids production and two percent of our consolidated natural gas production.
After exercising our preferential rights, we completed our acquisition of additional working interest in the Kuparuk River Unit and Prudhoe Bay Unit from Chevron U.S.A. Inc and Union Oil Company of California in the fourth quarter of 2024. This transaction increased our working interest by approximately five percent in the Kuparuk River Unit and approximately 0.4 percent in the Prudhoe Bay Unit.
S
ee Note
3
.
Greater Prudhoe Area
The Greater Prudhoe Area includes the Prudhoe Bay Unit, which consists of the Prudhoe Bay Field and five satellite fields, as well as the Greater Point McIntyre Area fields. Prudhoe Bay, the largest conventional oil field in North America, is the site of a large waterflood and enhanced oil recovery operation, supported by a large gas and water processing operation. Field installations include seven production facilities, two gas plants, two seawater plants and a central power station. In 2024, on average, there were two rigs drilling throughout the year.
Greater Kuparuk Area
The Greater Kuparuk Area includes the Kuparuk River Unit, which consists of the Kuparuk Field and six