upward revisions, offset by 17 BCF of development plan changes.
In our equity affiliates, downward revisions were due to lower prices of 81 BCF, partially offset by positive technical revisions of 55 BCF.
In 2023, upward revisions in Lower 48 were due to additional development drilling in the unconventional plays of 502 BCF, technical revisions of 268 BCF, partly offset by lower prices of 211 BCF and development plan downward revisions of 38 BCF. In Europe, technical revisions contributed 64 BCF and development drilling of 14 BCF, partially offset by lower prices of 5 BCF. In Canada, upward revisions were driven by technical revisions of 37 BCF, partially offset by lower prices of 10 BCF. In Alaska, where future production is constrained by the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System minimum flow limit, updated total North Slope development phasing indicated that the flow limit will be reached earlier than previously premised, resulting in downward revisions of 121 BCF. Further downward revisions in Alaska included 72 BCF from operating efficiencies resulting in less gas to be consumed in operations, 22 BCF due to lower prices, 14 BCF from cost escalation, and 14 BCF due to technical revisions. Downward revisions in Africa of 57 BCF due to infrastructure constraints and sales demand revisions. In our equity affiliates, downward revisions were due to lower prices of 288 BCF, offset by upward technical revisions of 198 BCF.
In 2022, upward revisions in Lower 48 were due to additional development drilling in the unconventional plays of 544 BCF, higher prices of 109 BCF, and technical revisions of 41 BCF. These were partially offset by decreases of 233 BCF due to increasing operating costs, and 100 BCF due to the continued conversion of acquired Concho Permian two-stream contracts to a three-stream (crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids) basis. Upward revisions in Canada were driven by higher prices of 26 BCF, partially offset by technical revisions of 18 BCF. In Europe, technical revisions contributed 96 BCF, and higher prices 12 BCF of upward revisions. Downward revisions in Africa were primarily due to technical revisions. In our equity affiliates in Asia Pacific/Middle East, upward revisions were due to higher prices of 423 BCF, changing dynamics and improved prices in the regional LNG spot market of 331 BCF, and technical revisions of 204 BCF, partially offset by downward revisions due to increasing operating costs of 60 BCF.
•
Purchases
: In 2024, our acquisition of Marathon Oil resulted in purchases for Lower 48, as well as for Africa, representing reserves in Equatorial Guinea. Purchases in Alaska represent the acquisition of additional interest in the Kuparuk River and Prudhoe Bay units.
In 2022, purchases in Africa were a result of the acquisition of additional interest in the Libya Waha Concession. In our equity affiliates, purchases were due to the acquisition of additional affiliate interest in Asia Pacific.
•
Extensions and discoveries
: