satellite fields. Field installations include three central production facilities which separate oil, natural gas and water, and a seawater treatment plant. In 2024, we operated two drilling rigs and two workover rigs. The Nuna project, which targets the Moraine reservoir, was sanctioned in 2023 and achieved first oil in the fourth quarter of 2024. The Coyote reservoir discovered in 2021 progressed to development in 2023 with additional wells drilled in 2024 and planned for 2025.
Western North Slope
The Western North Slope includes the Colville River Unit, the Greater Mooses Tooth Unit and the Bear Tooth Unit. In 2024, we operated one full-time drilling rig and one seasonal drilling rig between the Colville River and Greater Mooses Tooth Units.
The Colville River Unit includes the Alpine Field and four satellite fields. Field installations include one central production facility, which separates oil, natural gas and water.
The Greater Mooses Tooth Unit is the first unit established entirely within the National Petroleum Reserve Alaska (NPR-A). The unit was constructed in two phases: Greater Mooses Tooth #1 (GMT1) and Greater Mooses Tooth #2 (GMT2).
In December 2023, we announced Willow FID. The project will consist of three drill sites, an operations center and camp, and a processing facility. In 2024, construction included installation of the Willow Access Road, the Willow Operations Center pad and pipeline segments. Additionally, fabrication and delivery of the Willow Operations Center modules to the North Slope were completed. First oil is anticipated in 2029.
Transportation
We transport the petroleum liquids produced on the North Slope to Valdez, Alaska through an 800-mile pipeline that is part of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System (TAPS). We have a 29.5 percent ownership interest in TAPS, and also have ownership interests in, and operate the Alpine, Kuparuk and Oliktok pipelines on the North Slope.
We manage the marine transportation of our North Slope production using five company-owned, double-hulled tankers, and charter third-party vessels, as necessary. The tankers deliver oil from Valdez, Alaska, primarily to refineries on the west coast of the U.S.
Lower 48
The Lower 48 segment consists of operations located in the 48 contiguous U.S. states and the Gulf of Mexico, with a portfolio mainly consisting of low cost of supply, short cycle time, resource-rich unconventional plays and commercial operations. Based on 2024 production volumes, the Lower 48 is our largest segment and contributed 63 percent of our consolidated liquids production and 74 percent of our consolidated natural gas production.
On November 22, 2024, we completed the acquisition of Marathon Oil, further enhancing our Lower 48 position. This acquisition adds low cost of supply, complementary acreage in the Delaware, Eagle Ford and Bakken basins.
See Note
3
.
Delaware Basin
We hold approximately 792,000 unconventional net acres in the Delaware Basin, spanning west Texas through