also retaining upside during periods of higher prices. As such, we are unhedged, remain committed to our disciplined investment framework and continually monitor market fundamentals, including the impacts associated with geopolitical tensions and conflicts, global demand for our products, oil and gas inventory levels, governmental policies, inflation and supply chain disruptions.
The macro-environment of the global energy industry continues to evolve. We believe ConocoPhillips plays an essential role in responsibly meeting the global demand for energy, while continuing to deliver competitive returns on and of capital and working to meet our previously established emissions-reduction targets. We call this our Triple Mandate, and it represents our commitment to create long-term value for stockholders. Our value proposition to deliver competitive returns to stockholders through price cycles is guided by our foundational principles which consist of maintaining balance sheet strength, providing peer-leading distributions, making disciplined investments, and demonstrating responsible and reliable ESG performance.
Total company production in 2024 was 1,987 MBOED, yielding cash provided by operating activities of $20.1 billion. We invested $12.1 billion into the business in the form of capital expenditures and investments, inclusive of $0.4 billion of spend related to fourth-quarter acquisitions, and provided returns of capital to shareholders of $9.1 billion through our ordinary dividend, VROC and share repurchases. In 2024, we returned $3.6 billion through the ordinary dividend and VROC, including in December when we increased our ordinary dividend by 34 percent to 78 cents per share, effectively incorporating the amount of the prior quarter VROC into the ordinary dividend. In addition, we returned $5.5 billion to shareholders through share repurchases. As of December 31, 2024, we have repurchased $34.3 billion of our authorized share repurchase program since 2016. In February 2025, we announced our 2025 planned return of capital to shareholders of $10 billion, at current commodity prices, through our return of capital framework. We also declared a first-quarter ordinary dividend of 78 cents per share.
In 2024, we continued to optimize our portfolio geared towards our return focused value proposition. In the third quarter, we added to our global LNG portfolio through agreements that provide additional access to European and Asian natural gas markets by entering into an 18-year agreement securing regasification capacity at Zeebrugge LNG terminal in Belgium which includes regasification services for approximately 0.75 MTPA of LNG beginning in 2027. Additionally, in the third quarter, we entered into a long-term LNG sales agreement for approximately 0.5 MTPA into Asia starting in 2027.
After exercising our preferential rights, we completed our acquisition of additional working interest in the Kuparuk River Unit and Prudhoe Bay Unit in our Alaska segment