stock in individual issuers, may be required to sell the shares of ConocoPhillips common stock that they received in the acquisition of Marathon Oil. Such sales of ConocoPhillips common stock could have the effect of depressing the market price for ConocoPhillips common stock.
Other Risk Factors Facing our Business or Operations
We may need additional capital in the future, and it may not be available on acceptable terms or at all.
We have historically relied primarily upon cash generated by our business to fund our operations and strategy; however, we have also relied from time to time on access to the capital markets for funding. There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available in the future on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, although we anticipate we will be able to repay our existing indebtedness when it matures or in accordance with our stated plans, there can be no assurance we will be able to do so. Our ability to obtain additional financing or refinance our existing indebtedness when it matures or in accordance with our plans, will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance, investor sentiment, risks impacting financial institutions and the credit markets more broadly and financial institution policies regarding the oil and gas industry. If we are unable to generate sufficient funds from operations or raise additional capital for any reason, our business could be adversely affected.
In addition, we are regularly evaluated by the major rating agencies based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and conditions affecting the oil and gas industry generally. We and other industry companies have had our ratings reduced in the past due to negative commodity price outlooks. These major rating agencies are now considering ESG attributes when assessing credit profiles. While these assessments have limited impact today, they have the potential to pressure credit ratings over time. Any downgrade in our credit rating or announcement that our credit rating is under review for possible downgrade could increase the cost associated with any additional indebtedness we incur.
Our business may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults under our contracts with, third parties with whom we do business.
The operation of our business requires us to engage in transactions with numerous counterparties operating in a variety of industries, including other companies operating in the oil and gas industry. These counterparties may default on their obligations to us as a result of operational failures or a lack of liquidity, or for other reasons, including bankruptcy. Market speculation about the credit quality of these counterparties, or their ability to continue performing on their existing obligations, may also exacerbate any operational difficulties or liquidity issues they are experiencing. Any default by any of our counterparties may