environmental costs of $206 million, compared with $184 million at December 31, 2023, for remediation activities in the U.S. and Canada. We expect to incur a substantial amount of these expenditures within the next 30 years.
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, and as with other companies engaged in similar businesses, environmental costs and liabilities are inherent concerns in our operations and products, and there can be no assurance that material costs and liabilities will not be incurred. However, we currently do not expect any material adverse effect upon our results of operations or financial position as a result of compliance with current environmental laws and regulations.
See Item 1A. Risk Factors—We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations
and
Note
10
for information on environmental litigation.
Climate Change
Continuing political and social attention to the issue of global climate change has resulted in a broad range of proposed or promulgated state, national and international laws focusing on GHG emissions reduction. These laws apply or could apply in countries where we have interests or may have interests in the future. Laws in this field continue to evolve and while it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation, such laws, if enacted, could have a material impact on our operational results and financial condition. Examples of legislation and precursors for possible regulation that do or could affect our operations include:
Emissions trading schemes.
•
EU ETS is the program through which many of the EU member states aim to reduce emissions. Our cost of compliance with the EU ETS in 2024 was approximately $20 million (net share before-tax).
•
The U.K. Emissions Trading Scheme (U.K. ETS) is the program with which the U.K. has replaced the EU ETS. Our cost of compliance with the U.K. ETS in 2024 was approximately $0.8 million (net share before-tax).
GHG regulations for emissions reductions.
•
The Alberta Technology Innovation and Emissions Reduction (TIER) regulation requires any existing facility with emissions equal to or greater than 100,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide, or equivalent, per year to meet a facility benchmark intensity. The total cost of compliance related to this regulation in 2024 was approximately $4.5 million (net share before-tax) after savings from using our existing bank of offsets and performance credits ($7.7 million before savings).
•
As of April 2024, the British Columbia Output Based Pricing System (BC OBPS) regulation requires facilities or linear operations (such as oil and gas gathering systems) with emissions equal to or greater than 10,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide or equivalent per year to remit payments on the difference between actual emissions and allowable emissions