book income of certain large corporations, a one percent excise tax on net stock repurchased and several tax incentives to promote lower carbon energy. These law changes did not have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements.
Note 17—Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the equity section of the balance sheet included:
The following table summarizes reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) during the years ended December 31:
Note 18—Cash Flow Information
For additional information on cash and non-cash changes to our consolidated balance sheet, see
Note
3 and
Note
12
for our acquisition of Marathon Oil and acquisition of the remaining working interest in Surmont.
Note 19—Other Financial Information
Note 20—Related Party Transactions
Our related parties primarily include equity method investments and certain trusts for the benefit of employees. For disclosures on trusts for the benefit of employees,
see Note
15
.
Significant transactions with our equity affiliates were:
*We paid interest to, or received interest from, various affiliates.
See Note
4
for additional information on loans to affiliated companies.
Note 21—Sales and Other Operating Revenues
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
The following table provides further disaggregation of our consolidated sales and other operating revenues:
Revenues from contracts outside the scope of ASC Topic 606 relate primarily to physical gas contracts at market prices, which qualify as derivatives accounted for under ASC Topic 815, “Derivatives and Hedging,” and for which we have not elected NPNS. There is no significant difference in contractual terms or the policy for recognition of revenue from these contracts and those within the scope of ASC Topic 606. The following disaggregation of revenues is provided in conjunction with
Note
23
—Segment Disclosures and Related Information
:
Practical Expedients
Typically, our commodity sales contracts are less than 12 months in duration; however, in certain specific cases may extend longer, which may be out to the end of field life. We have long-term commodity sales contracts which use prevailing market prices at the time of delivery, and under these contracts, the market-based variable consideration for each performance obligation (i.e., delivery of commodity) is allocated to each wholly unsatisfied performance obligation within the contract. Accordingly, we have applied the practical expedient allowed in ASC Topic 606 and do not disclose the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations or when we expect to recognize revenues that are unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting period.
Receivables and Contract Liabilities
Receivables from Contracts with Customers
At December 31, 2024, the “Accounts and notes receivable” line on our consolidated balance sheet included trade receivables of $
5,398
million compared with $
4,414