maximum limit. At December 31, 2024, the carrying value of this guarantee was approximately $
14
million.
Equatorial Guinea Guarantees
We have guaranteed payment obligations as a shareholder in both Equatorial Guinea LNG Operations, S.A., a fully owned subsidiary of Equatorial Guinea LNG Holdings Limited, and Alba Plant LLC with regard to certain agreements to process third-party gas.
These guarantees have
three years
remaining, and the maximum potential future payments related to these guarantees is approximately $
116
million. At December 31, 2024, the carrying value of these guarantees was approximately $
4
million.
Other Guarantees
We have other guarantees with maximum future potential payment amounts totaling approximately $
570
million, which consist primarily of guarantees of the residual value of leased office buildings and guarantees of the residual value of corporate aircraft. These guarantees have remaining terms of
one
to
five years
and would become payable if certain asset values are lower than guaranteed amounts at the end of the lease or contract term, business conditions decline at guaranteed entities, or as a result of nonperformance of contractual terms by guaranteed parties. At December 31, 2024, there was
no
carrying value associated with these guarantees.
Indemnifications
Over the years, we have entered into agreements to sell ownership interests in certain legal entities, joint ventures and assets that gave rise to qualifying indemnifications. These agreements include indemnifications for taxes and environmental liabilities. The carrying amount recorded for these indemnifications at December 31, 2024, was approximately $
20
million. Those related to environmental issues have terms that are generally indefinite and the maximum amounts of future payments are generally unlimited. Although it is reasonably possible future payments may exceed amounts recorded, due to the nature of the indemnifications, it is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments.
See Note
10
for additional information about environmental liabilities.
Note 10—Contingencies and Commitments
A number of lawsuits involving a variety of claims arising in the ordinary course of business have been filed against ConocoPhillips. We also may be required to remove or mitigate the effects on the environment of the placement, storage, disposal or release of certain chemical, mineral and petroleum substances at various active and inactive sites. We regularly assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these contingencies. In the case of all known contingencies (other than those related to income taxes), we accrue a liability when the loss is probable and the amount is reasonably estimable. If a range of amounts can be reasonably estimated and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, then the low end of the range is accrued. We do not reduce these liabilities for potential