current environmental laws and regulations.
Climate Change
Continuing political and social attention to the issue of global climate change has resulted in a broad range of proposed or promulgated state, national and international laws focusing on GHG emissions reduction. These laws apply or could apply in countries where we have interests or may have interests in the future. Laws in this field continue to evolve and while it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation, such laws, if enacted, could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
Company Response to Climate-Related Risks
The objective of our Climate Risk Strategy is to manage climate-related risk, optimize opportunities and equip the company to respond to changes in key uncertainties, including government policies around the world, technologies for emissions reduction, alternative energy technologies and changes in consumer trends. The strategy sets out our choices around portfolio composition, emissions reductions, targets and incentives, emissions-related technology development, and our climate-related policy and finance sector engagement.
Our Climate Risk Strategy is intended to enable us to responsibly meet the global demand for energy, deliver competitive returns on and of capital and work to meet our previously established emissions-reduction targets. First, meeting global energy demand requires a focus on delivering production that will best compete in any energy mix scenario. This production will be delivered from resources with a competitive cost of supply and low GHG intensity, as well as portfolio diversity by market and asset type. Next, in delivering competitive returns, ConocoPhillips has been a leader in shifting the exploration and production sector’s value proposition away from one focused on production toward one focused on returns. Finally, to drive accountability for the emissions that are within our control, we are progressing toward our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions intensity targets.
Cautionary Statement for the Purposes of the “Safe Harbor” Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact included or incorporated by reference in this report, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected revenues, costs and plans, objectives of management for future operations, the anticipated benefits of our acquisition of Marathon Oil, the anticipated impact of our acquisition of Marathon Oil on the combined company’s business and future financial and operating results and the expected amount and timing of synergies from our acquisition of