of the U.S., state, local and foreign governments, through sanctions, tax, tariffs and other legislation, executive orders and commercial restrictions, could reduce our operating profitability both in the U.S. and abroad. In certain locations, restrictions on our operations; leasing restrictions; special taxes or tax assessments; tariffs; and payment transparency regulations that could require us to disclose competitively sensitive information or might cause us to violate non-disclosure laws of other countries have been imposed or proposed by governments or certain interest groups. In addition, we may face regulatory changes in the U.S. including, but not limited to, the enactment of tax law changes that adversely affect the fossil fuel industry, new methane emissions standards, requirements restricting or prohibiting flaring and subsurface water disposal, more stringent environmental impact studies and reviews and policies inhibiting or curtailing LNG or crude oil exports. Similar regulatory shifts, including attendant higher costs and market access constraints, may also occur in international jurisdictions in which we currently operate or seek to operate.
Hydraulic fracturing, an essential completion technique that facilitates production of oil and natural gas otherwise trapped in lower permeability rock formations, has historically attracted political and regulatory scrutiny. A range of local, state, federal and national laws and regulations currently govern, constrain or prohibit hydraulic fracturing in some jurisdictions. New or more stringent permitting, disclosure or other regulatory requirements on hydraulic fracturing or other oil and natural gas operations, including subsurface water disposal, could result in increased costs, operating restrictions or operational delays or could limit the ability to develop oil and natural gas resources.
In addition, certain interest groups have also proposed ballot initiatives, contested lease sales and challenged project permits, for example, to restrict oil and natural gas development generally as well as specific projects, including the Willow project in Alaska. In the event that ballot initiatives, local, state, or national restrictions or prohibitions are adopted and result in more stringent limitations on the production and development of oil and natural gas in areas where we conduct operations, we may incur significant costs to comply with such requirements or may experience delays or curtailment in the permitting or pursuit of exploration, development or production activities. Such compliance costs and delays, curtailments, limitations or prohibitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and ability to implement and advance the Climate Risk Strategy.
Political and economic factors in international markets could have a material adverse effect on us.
Approximately 32 percent of our hydrocarbon production was derived