engineering assessments of in-place hydrocarbon volumes, the production plan, historical extraction recovery and processing yield factors, installed plant operating capacity and approved operating limits. The reliability of these estimates at any point in time depends on both the quality and quantity of the technical and economic data and the efficiency of extracting and processing the hydrocarbons.
Despite the inherent imprecision in these engineering estimates, accounting rules require disclosure of “proved” reserve estimates due to the importance of these estimates to better understand the perceived value and future cash flows of a company’s operations. There are several authoritative guidelines regarding the engineering criteria that must be met before estimated reserves can be designated as “proved.” Our geosciences and reservoir engineering organization has policies and procedures in place consistent with these authoritative guidelines. We have trained and experienced internal engineering personnel who estimate our proved reserves held by consolidated companies, as well as our share of equity affiliates. See
“Supplementary Data - Oil and Gas Operations”
for additional information.
Proved reserve estimates are adjusted annually in the fourth quarter and during the year if significant changes occur and take into account recent production and subsurface information about each field. Also, as required by current authoritative guidelines, the estimated future date when an asset will reach the end of its economic life is based on historical 12-month first-of-month average prices and current costs. This date estimates when production will end and affects the amount of estimated reserves. Therefore, as prices and cost levels change from year to year, the estimate of proved reserves also changes. Generally, our proved reserves decrease as prices decline and increase as prices rise.
Our proved reserves include estimated quantities related to PSCs, reported under the “economic interest” method, as well as variable-royalty regimes, and are subject to fluctuations in commodity prices, recoverable operating expenses and capital costs. If costs remain stable, reserve quantities attributable to recovery of costs will change inversely to changes in commodity prices. We would expect reserves from these contracts to decrease when product prices rise and increase when prices decline.
The estimation of proved reserves is also important to the income statement because the proved reserve estimate for a field serves as the denominator in the unit-of-production calculation of the DD&A of the capitalized costs for that asset. At year-end 2024, the net book value of productive PP&E subject to a unit-of-production calculation was approximately $77 billion and the DD&A recorded on these assets in 2024 was approximately $9.4 billion. The estimated proved developed reserves for our consolidated operations were 4.4 billion BOE at the end of 2023 and 5.1 billion BOE at the