response and containment partnerships as a key element of our emergency response preparedness program, complementing our internal response resources.
Oil Spill Response Organizations (OSROs)
We maintain memberships in several OSROs, many of which are not-for-profit cooperatives owned by member companies. We may actively participate in these organizations as members of the board of directors, steering committees, work groups or other supporting roles. In North America, our primary OSROs include the Marine Spill Response Corporation for the continental U.S. and Alaska Clean Seas and Ship Escort/Response Vessel System for the Alaska North Slope and Prince William Sound, respectively. Internationally, we maintain memberships in various OSROs, including Oil Spill Response Limited, the Norwegian Clean Seas Association for Operating Companies, the Australian Marine Oil Spill Center and Petroleum Industry of Malaysia Mutual Aid Group.
Technology
We have several technology programs that improve our ability to develop unconventional reservoirs, increase recovery from our legacy fields, improve the efficiency of our exploration program, produce heavy oil economically with lower emissions and implement sustainability measures.
LNG Liquefaction Technology
We are the second-largest LNG liquefaction technology provider globally. Our Optimized Cascade
®
LNG liquefaction technology has been licensed for use in 28 LNG trains around the world, with FEED studies ongoing for additional trains.
Low Carbon Technologies
Our multi-disciplinary Low Carbon Technologies organization's remit includes supporting our operational emissions reductions objectives, understanding the alternative energy landscape and prioritizing opportunities for future competitive investment. To help achieve our targets, the Low Carbon Technologies organization works with our business units to develop and implement Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction initiatives and identify potential technology solutions for hard-to-abate emissions. We continue to focus on implementing emissions reduction projects across our global portfolio, including operational efficiency measures and methane and flaring reductions. For example, since 2021 we have conducted CCS and electrification studies, initiated zero/low emission equipment design enhancements, installed mechanisms to continuously monitor and detect methane emissions and implemented operation changes to reduce or eliminate flaring and methane venting volumes.
We also continue to evaluate low-carbon opportunities for future competitive investment. For example, since 2021:
•
We evaluated carbon dioxide storage sites primarily along the U.S. Gulf Coast, progressed land acquisition efforts and business development work, drilled two appraisal wells and advanced engineering studies for multiple opportunities.
•
We evaluated hydrogen opportunities in the U.S. and Asia Pacific regions. As a result of hydrogen and ammonia markets not developing at a pace required to