in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria.
As indicated under the heading “Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting” in the accompanying “Reports of Management”, management’s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Marathon Oil Corporation, which is included in the 2024 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted approximately 22% of consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2024, approximately 1% of revenues and other income and less than 1% of net income for the year ended December 31, 2024. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of ConocoPhillips also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Marathon Oil Corporation.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated income statement, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes and our report dated February 18, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included under the heading “Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting” in the accompanying "Reports of Management." Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable