Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes
☐
No
☒
The registrant had
1,262,410,026
shares of common stock, $.01 par value, outstanding at March 31, 2025.
Table of Contents
Commonly Used Abbreviations
The following industry-specific, accounting and other terms, and abbreviations may be commonly used in this report.
PART I. Financial Information
Item 1.    Financial Statements
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Restricted cash of $
311
million and $
298
million is included in the "
Other assets
" line of our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1—Basis of Presentation
The interim-period financial information presented in the financial statements included in this report is unaudited and, in the opinion of management, includes all known accruals and adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the consolidated financial position of ConocoPhillips, its results of operations and cash flows for such periods. All such adjustments are of a normal and recurring nature unless otherwise disclosed. Certain notes and other information have been condensed or omitted from the interim financial statements included in this report; therefore, these financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain prior year financial statement line items have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.
Note 2—Inventories
Note 3—Acquisitions and Dispositions
Acquisition of Marathon Oil Corporation (Marathon Oil)
In November 2024, we completed our acquisition of Marathon Oil, an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with operations across the Lower 48 and in Equatorial Guinea. At close, the transaction was valued at $
16.5
billion, which primarily represented
0.255
shares of ConocoPhillips common stock exchanged for each outstanding share of Marathon Oil common stock.
*Represents the fair value of approximately
143
million shares of ConocoPhillips common stock issued to Marathon Oil stockholders. The fair value is based on the number of eligible shares of Marathon Oil common stock at a
0.255
exchange ratio and ConocoPhillips' average stock price on November 22, 2024, which was $
111.93
.
**Cash transferred at close primarily represents funds contributed to Marathon Oil for repayment of Marathon Oil's estimated commercial paper liabilities as of the closing date.
***Liabilities incurred are related to cash settled share-based awards and payment of cash in lieu of fractional Marathon Oil shares outstanding.
The transaction was accounted for as a business combination under FASB Topic ASC 805 using the acquisition