by a valuation allowance if we deem it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In assessing the need for adjustments to existing valuation allowances, we consider all available positive and negative evidence. Positive evidence includes reversals of temporary differences, forecasts of future taxable income, assessment of future business assumptions and applicable tax planning strategies that are prudent and feasible. Negative evidence includes losses in recent years as well as the forecasts of future net income (loss) in the realizable period. In making our assessment regarding valuation allowances, we weigh the evidence based on objectivity. Numerous judgments and assumptions are inherent in the determination of future taxable income, including factors such as future operating conditions and the assessment of the effects of foreign taxes on our U.S. federal income taxes (particularly as related to prevailing oil and gas prices).
See Note
16
.
We regularly assess and, if required, establish accruals for uncertain tax positions that could result from assessments of additional tax by taxing jurisdictions in countries where we operate. We recognize a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. These accruals for uncertain tax positions are subject to a significant amount of judgment and are reviewed and adjusted on a periodic basis in light of changing facts and circumstances considering the progress of ongoing tax audits, court proceedings, changes in applicable tax laws, including tax case rulings and legislative guidance, or expiration of the applicable statute of limitations.
See Note
16.
Cautionary Statement for the Purposes of the “Safe Harbor” Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact included or incorporated by reference in this report, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected revenues, costs and plans, objectives of management for future operations, the anticipated benefits of our acquisition of Marathon Oil, the anticipated impact of our acquisition of Marathon Oil on the combined company’s business and future financial and operating results and the expected amount and timing of synergies from our acquisition of Marathon Oil are forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements contained in this report include our expected production growth and outlook on the business environment generally, our expected capital budget and capital expenditures, and discussions concerning development or replacement of reserves and