exploration and production activity. Oil is transported by pipeline to the Es Sider terminal for export. Natural gas is transported and sold domestically. Current production comes from 13 existing fields within the Waha Concession.
Equatorial Guinea
On November 22, 2024, we completed the acquisition of Marathon Oil. With the acquisition, we have increased our global operations adding oil, natural gas and LNG activity in Equatorial Guinea to our portfolio.
See Note
3
.
We have varying stages of oil and gas exploration, development and production activities in Equatorial Guinea. We operate in both the Alba and Block D PSCs that form the Alba Unit located offshore Equatorial Guinea.
Gas Processing
The following facilities located on Bioko Island allow us to further monetize natural gas production from the Alba Unit and are accounted for as equity method investments and are reflected in the "Equity in earnings of affiliates" line of our consolidated income statement.
We own a 52.2 percent interest in the Alba Plant LLC, our joint venture with Chevron Corporation (27.8 percent) and Sociedad Nacional de Gas de Guinea Ecuatorial (SONAGAS) (20.0 percent), which operates an onshore liquified petroleum gas (LPG) processing plant. Alba Plant LLC processes Alba Unit natural gas under a fixed-rate long-term contract. The LPG processing plant extracts condensate and LPG from the natural gas stream and sells it at market prices, with our share of the revenue reflected in the "Equity in earnings of affiliates" line of our consolidated income statement. Processed natural gas is delivered to Equatorial Guinea LNG Holdings Limited (EG LNG) for liquefaction and storage. We market our share of LNG to third parties indexed at global LNG prices.
We own a 56.0 percent interest in EG LNG, our joint venture with SONAGAS (37.9 percent) and Marubeni Gas Development UK Limited (6.1 percent), which operates a 3.7 MTPA LNG production facility. In January 2024, we began a five-year LNG sales agreement for a portion of our equity gas from the Alba Unit, providing us with additional exposure to the European LNG market.
We own a 45.0 percent interest in Atlantic Methanol Production Company LLC (AMPCO), our joint venture with Chevron Corporation (45.0 percent) and SONAGAS (10.0 percent), which operates a methanol plant. The plant is currently offline.
Additionally, Alba Plant LLC and EG LNG process third-party gas from the Alen Field under a combination of tolling fee and profit-sharing arrangements which are reflected in the "Equity in earnings of affiliates" line of our consolidated income statement.
Asia Pacific
The Asia Pacific segment has exploration and production operations in China, Malaysia, Australia and commercial operations in China, Singapore and Japan. In 2024, operations in the Asia Pacific segment contributed four percent of our consolidated liquids production and two percent of our consolidated natural gas production.
Australia
Australia Pacific LNG Pty Ltd.