affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
This report is included in Item 8 on page
71
and is incorporated herein by reference.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
This report is included in Item 8 on page
72
and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9B. Other Information
Insider Trading Arrangements
During the three-month period ended December 31, 2024, no officer or director of the company
adopted
or
terminated
any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
Part III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Information regarding our executive officers appears in Part I of this report on page
30
.
Code of Business Ethics and Conduct for Directors and Employees
We have a Code of Business Ethics and Conduct for Directors and Employees (Code of Ethics), including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and persons performing similar functions. We have posted a copy of our Code of Ethics on the “Corporate Governance” section of our internet website at
www.conocophillips.com
(within the Investors>Corporate Governance section)
.
Any waivers of the Code of Ethics must be approved, in advance, by our full Board of Directors. Any amendments to, or waivers from, the Code of Ethics that apply to our executive officers and directors will be posted on the “Corporate Governance” section of our internet website.
Insider Trading Policies and Procedures
We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale and/or other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers and other personnel employed by us or any of our subsidiaries. All personnel are responsible for ensuring their “Related Parties” (as defined in the policies) comply as well. We have an additional insider trading policy that applies only to our directors, Section 16 officers and other designated officers and employees. We believe our insider trading policies are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, the listing standards of the NYSE and Section 16 reporting requirements, as applicable.
All other information required by Item 10 of Part III will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A on or before April 30, 2025, and is incorporated herein by reference.*
Item 11. Executive Compensation
Information required by Item 11 of Part III will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A on or before April 30, 2025, and is incorporated herein by reference.*
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial