geopolitical tensions, armed hostilities, terrorist or piracy attacks, sabotage, civil unrest or cyberattacks. Our operations are subject to additional hazards concerning exposure to and potential release of pollutants and toxic substances, as well as other environmental hazards and risks. For example, offshore activities may pose incrementally greater technological challenges, operating risks and potential for adverse consequences from operational failures because of complex subsurface conditions such as higher reservoir pressures, water depths and metocean conditions. All such hazards could result in loss of human life, significant property and equipment damage, environmental pollution, impairment of operations, substantial losses to us and damage to our reputation. Our business and operations may be disrupted if we do not respond, or are perceived not to respond, in an appropriate manner to any of these hazards and risks or any other major crisis or if we are unable to efficiently restore or replace affected operational components and capacity. Countermeasures to address global health crises, epidemics or pandemics may result in reduced demand for our products; disruptions to our supply chain, the global economy or financial or commodity markets; disruptions in our contractual arrangements with our service providers, suppliers and other counterparties; failures by our suppliers, contract manufacturers, contractors, joint venture partners and external business partners, to meet their obligations to us; reduced workforce productivity; and voluntary or involuntary curtailments. Further, our insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all resulting losses described above, and the cost to obtain adequate coverage may increase for us in the future or may not be available.
In addition, although we design and operate our business operations to accommodate expected climatic conditions, to the extent there are significant changes in the earth's climate, such as more severe or frequent weather conditions in the markets where we operate or the areas where our assets reside, we could incur increased expenses, our operations and supply chain could be adversely impacted and demand for our products could fall.
Any of these factors, or other cascading effects of such factors, could materially increase our costs; negatively impact our revenues or ability to implement and advance our Climate Risk Strategy; and damage our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity position. The full extent and duration of any such impacts cannot be predicted at this time because of the lack of certainty surrounding their sources, causes and outcomes.
Legal and Regulatory Risks
We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations.
Our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the