other than trading at December 31, 2024 and 2023, was immaterial to our consolidated cash flows and net income.
Interest Rate Risk
The following table provides information about our debt instruments that are sensitive to changes in U.S. interest rates. The table presents principal cash flows and related weighted-average interest rates by expected maturity dates. Weighted-average variable rates are based on effective rates at the reporting date. The carrying amount of our floating-rate debt approximates its fair value. A hypothetical 10 percent change in prevailing interest rates would not have a material impact on interest expense associated with our floating-rate debt. The fair value of the fixed-rate debt is measured using prices available from a pricing service that is corroborated by market data. Changes to prevailing interest rates would not impact our cash flows associated with fixed-rate debt, unless we elect to repurchase or retire such debt prior to maturity.
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
We have foreign currency exchange rate risk resulting from international operations. We do not comprehensively hedge the exposure to currency exchange rate changes although we may choose to selectively hedge certain foreign currency exchange rate exposures, such as firm commitments for capital projects or local currency tax payments, dividends and cash returns from net investments in foreign affiliates to be remitted within the coming year and acquisitions.
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had outstanding foreign currency exchange forward contracts hedging cross-border commercial activity and for purposes of mitigating our cash-related exposures. Although these forwards hedge exposures to fluctuations in exchange rates, we elected not to utilize hedge accounting. As a result, the change in the fair value of these foreign currency exchange derivatives is recorded directly in earnings. Since the gain or loss on the exchange contracts is offset by the gain or loss from remeasuring cash related balances, and since our aggregate position in the forwards was not material, there would be no material impact to our income from an adverse hypothetical 10 percent change in the December 2024 or December 2023 exchange rates.
The gross notional and fair value of these positions at December 31, 2024 and 2023, were as follows:
*Denominated in USD.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
ConocoPhillips
Management prepared, and is responsible for, the consolidated financial statements and the other information appearing in this annual report. The consolidated financial statements present fairly the company’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. In preparing its consolidated financial statements, the company includes amounts that are based on estimates and judgments management believes are reasonable under the circumstances. The company’s financial