million barrels. Further downward revisions in Alaska include development plan changes of 14 million barrels, cost escalation of 13 million barrels, and 7 million barrels due to lower prices, partially offset by 2 million barrels of technical revisions.
In 2022, upward revisions in Lower 48 were due to additional development drilling in the unconventional plays of 81 million barrels and higher prices of 33 million barrels, partially offset by increasing operating costs of 72 million barrels and technical revisions of 18 million barrels. Upward revisions in Europe were primarily due to technical revisions of 23 million barrels and 8 million barrels due to higher prices. Upward revisions of 19 million barrels in our consolidated operations in Asia Pacific/Middle East were primarily due to technical revisions.
•
Purchases
: In 2024, our acquisition of Marathon Oil resulted in purchases for Lower 48, as well as for Africa, representing reserves in Equatorial Guinea. Purchases in Alaska represent the acquisition of additional interest in the Kuparuk River and Prudhoe Bay units.
In 2022, crude oil reserve purchases were primarily in Africa, as a result of the acquisition of additional interest in the Libya Waha Concession.
•
Extensions and discoveries
: In 2024, Lower 48 extensions and discoveries were primarily within unconventional plays in the Permian Basin. Alaska extensions and discoveries were primarily due to Nuna and other Western North Slope projects. Extensions and discoveries in Canada were in Montney. Extensions and discoveries in our equity affiliates were in the Middle East.
In 2023, extensions and discoveries in Alaska were driven primarily by the Willow and Nuna projects. Lower 48 extensions and discoveries were primarily within unconventional plays in the Permian Basin. Extensions and discoveries in Canada and Asia Pacific/Middle East were driven primarily by Montney and Bohai Phase 4B in China, respectively.
In 2022, extensions and discoveries in Lower 48 were primarily within unconventional plays in the Permian Basin. Extensions and discoveries in our equity affiliates were in the Middle East.
*All Equity Affiliate reserves are located in our Asia Pacific/Middle East Region.
Notable changes in proved NGL reserves in the three years ended December 31, 2024, included:
•
Revisions
: In 2024, upward revisions in Lower 48 were due to additional development drilling of 164 million barrels and technical revisions of 52 million barrels. This was partially offset by development plan changes of 73 million barrels and lower prices impacting 20 million barrels.
In 2023, upward revisions in Lower 48 were due to additional development drilling in the unconventional plays of 86 million barrels and technical revisions of 71 million barrels. This was partially offset by lower prices impacting 34 million barrels and development plan changes of 4 million barrels.
In 2022, upward revisions in Lower 48 were due to additional development drilling in the