During these reviews, management discusses various topics, including information relating to IT/OT Security strategy, program management, cybersecurity risks and threats, and provides briefings on notable cybersecurity attacks, including those relating to third-party service providers, if known. In addition to this regular reporting, significant cybersecurity risks or threats may also be escalated on an as needed basis to the AFC and
Board of Directors
.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
We are a defendant in a number of legal and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, including those involving governmental authorities under federal, state and local laws regulating the discharge of materials into the environment. While it is not possible to accurately predict the final outcome of these pending proceedings, if any one or more of such proceedings were to be decided adversely to ConocoPhillips, we expect there would not be a material effect to our consolidated financial position.
ConocoPhillips has elected to use a $1 million threshold for disclosing certain proceedings arising under federal, state or local environmental laws when a governmental authority is a party. ConocoPhillips believes proceedings under this threshold are not material to ConocoPhillips' business and financial condition. Applying this threshold, there are no such proceedings to disclose for the year ended December 31, 2024.
See
Note
10
for information regarding other legal and administrative proceedings.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Information about our Executive Officers
_____________________
*On February 18, 2025.
There are no family relationships among any of the officers named above. Each officer of the company is elected by the Board of Directors at its first meeting after the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and thereafter as appropriate. Each officer of the company holds office from the date of election until the first meeting of the directors held after the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until a successor is elected. The date of the next annual meeting is May 13, 2025. Set forth below is information about the executive officers.
William L. Bullock, Jr.
was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer as of September 2020, having previously served as President, Asia Pacific & Middle East since April 2015. Prior to that, he was Vice President, Corporate Planning & Development since May 2012.
Christopher P. Delk
was appointed Vice President, Controller and General Tax Counsel in November 2022, having previously served as Vice President and General Tax Counsel since July 2015.
Heather G. Hrap
was appointed Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Real Estate and Facilities Services in March 2022, having previously served as Vice President, Human Resources from January 2019. Prior to that, she served as Human Resources General Manager from October 2015 to January 2019.
Kirk L. Johnson
was appointed Senior