internet website address is
www.conocophillips.com.
Information contained on our internet website is not part of this report on Form 10-K.
Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available on our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Alternatively, you may access these reports at the SEC’s website at
www.sec.gov
.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risk factors are not the only risks we face. Our business could also be affected by additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. If any of these risks or other risks that are yet unknown or currently considered immaterial were to occur, our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as the value of an investment in our common stock, could be materially and adversely affected.
Risks Related to Our Industry
Our operating results, our ability to execute on our strategy and the carrying value of our assets are exposed to the effects of volatile commodity prices or prolonged periods of low commodity prices.
Among the most significant factors impacting our revenues, operating results and future rate of growth are the sales prices for crude oil, bitumen, LNG, natural gas and NGLs. These prices are tied to market prices that can fluctuate widely due to factors beyond our control. For example, over the course of 2024, WTI crude oil prices ranged from a high of $87 per barrel in April to a low of $66 per barrel in September. Given the volatility in commodity price drivers and the worldwide political and economic environment, including potential economic slowdowns or recessions, unexpected shocks to supply and demand resulting from future global health crises, such as those that were experienced in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, or increased uncertainty generated by armed hostilities and geopolitical tension in various oil-producing regions around the globe, prices for crude oil, bitumen, LNG, natural gas and NGLs may continue to be volatile.
Prolonged periods of low commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating income, cash flows and liquidity, and may also affect the amount of dividends we elect to declare and pay on our common stock and the amount of shares we elect to acquire as part of our share repurchase program and the timing of such repurchases.
Lower prices may also limit the amount of reserves we can produce economically, thus adversely affecting our proved reserves and reserve replacement ratio and accelerating the reduction in our existing proved reserve levels as we continue