downgrade of our credit ratings. If our credit ratings are downgraded from their current levels, it could increase the cost of corporate debt available to us and restrict our access to the commercial paper markets. If our credit ratings were to deteriorate to a level prohibiting us from accessing the commercial paper market, we would still be able to access funds under our revolving credit facility.
At March 31, 2025, we had $
283
million of certain variable rate demand bonds (VRDBs) outstanding with maturities ranging through 2035. The VRDBs are redeemable at the option of the bondholders on any business day. If they are ever redeemed, we have the ability and intent to refinance on a long-term basis; therefore, the VRDBs are included in the “Long-term debt” line on our consolidated balance sheet.
Note 6—Changes in Equity
Note 7—Suspended Wells and Exploration Expenses
The capitalized cost of suspended wells at March 31, 2025 was $
161
million, a decrease of $
35
million from December 31, 2024. In the first quarter of 2025, we recognized dry hole expenses of $
36
million related to certain previously suspended wells that were capitalized for a period greater than one year in our Asia Pacific segment
.
Note 8—Guarantees
At March 31, 2025, we were liable for certain contingent obligations under various contractual arrangements as described below. We recognize a liability, at inception, for the fair value of our obligation as a guarantor for newly issued or modified guarantees. Unless the carrying amount of the liability is noted below, we have not recognized a liability because the fair value of the obligation is immaterial. In addition, unless otherwise stated, we are not currently performing with any significance under the guarantee and expect future performance to be either immaterial or have only a remote chance of occurrence.
APLNG Guarantees
At March 31, 2025, we had outstanding multiple guarantees in connection with our
47.5
percent ownership interest in APLNG. The following is a description of the guarantees with values calculated utilizing March 2025 exchange rates:
•
During the third quarter of 2016, we issued a guarantee to facilitate the withdrawal of our pro-rata portion of the funds in a project finance reserve account. We estimate the remaining term of this guarantee to be
six years
. Our maximum exposure under this guarantee is approximately $
210
million and may become payable if an enforcement action is commenced by the project finance lenders against APLNG. At March 31, 2025, the carrying value of this guarantee was approximately $
14
million.
•
In conjunction with our original purchase of an ownership interest in APLNG from Origin Energy Limited in October 2008, we agreed to reimburse Origin Energy Limited for our share of the existing contingent liability arising under guarantees of an existing obligation of APLNG to deliver natural gas under several sales agreements. The final guarantee expires in the fourth quarter of 2041.