court and the subsequent request for rehearing was denied. Accordingly, the federal district courts have issued remands to state court. Because Plaintiffs’ SLCRMA theories are unprecedented, there is uncertainty about these claims (both as to scope and damages) and we continue to evaluate our exposure in these lawsuits.
In October 2020, the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE) ordered the prior owners of Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) Lease P-0166, including ConocoPhillips, to decommission the lease facilities, including
two
offshore platforms located near Carpinteria, California. This order was sent after the current owner of OCS Lease P-0166 relinquished the lease and abandoned the lease platforms and facilities. BSEE’s order to ConocoPhillips is premised on its connection to Phillips Petroleum Company, a legacy company of ConocoPhillips, which held a historical
25
percent interest in this lease and operated these facilities but sold its interest over
30
years ago. ConocoPhillips continues to evaluate its exposure in this matter.
In July 2021, a federal securities class action was filed against Concho, certain of Concho’s officers, and ConocoPhillips as Concho’s successor in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas. On October 21, 2021, the court issued an order appointing Utah Retirement Systems and the Construction Laborers Pension Trust for Southern California as lead plaintiffs (Lead Plaintiffs). On January 7, 2022, the Lead Plaintiffs filed their consolidated complaint alleging that Concho made materially false and misleading statements regarding its business and operations in violation of the federal securities laws and seeking unspecified damages, attorneys’ fees, costs, equitable/injunctive relief and such other relief that may be deemed appropriate. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint on March 8, 2022. On June 23, 2023, the court denied defendants’ motion as to most defendants including Concho/ConocoPhillips. We believe the allegations in the action are without merit and are vigorously defending this litigation.
ConocoPhillips is involved in pending disputes with commercial counterparties relating to the propriety of its force majeure notices following Winter Storm Uri in 2021. We believe these claims are without merit and are vigorously defending them.
Long-Term Unconditional Purchase Obligations and Commitments, Including Throughput and Take-or-Pay Agreements
We have certain throughput agreements and take-or-pay agreements in support of financing arrangements. The agreements typically provide for natural gas or crude oil transportation and LNG purchase commitments. The fixed and determinable portion of the remaining estimated payments under these various agreements as of December 31, 2024 are: 2025—$
6
million; 2026—$
6
million; 2027—$
6
million; 2028—$
397
million; 2029—$
558
million; and 2030 and after—$
10.3
billion. Generally, variable components of these