statements regarding its business and operations in violation of the federal securities laws and seeking unspecified damages, attorneys’ fees, costs, equitable/injunctive relief and such other relief that may be deemed appropriate. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint on March 8, 2022. On June 23, 2023, the court denied defendants’ motion as to most defendants including Concho/ConocoPhillips. On April 7, 2025, the court certified a class. We believe the allegations in the action are without merit and are vigorously defending this litigation.
ConocoPhillips is involved in pending disputes with commercial counterparties relating to the propriety of its force majeure notices following Winter Storm Uri in 2021. We believe these claims are without merit and are vigorously defending them.
Note 10—Derivative and Financial Instruments
We use futures, forwards, swaps and options in various markets to meet our customer needs, capture market opportunities and manage foreign exchange currency risk.
Commodity Derivative Instruments
Our commodity business primarily consists of natural gas, crude oil, bitumen, NGLs, LNG and power.
Commodity derivative instruments are held at fair value on our consolidated balance sheet. Where these balances have the right of setoff, they are presented on a net basis. Related cash flows are recorded as operating activities on our consolidated statement of cash flows. On our consolidated income statement, gains and losses are recognized either on a gross basis if directly related to our physical business or a net basis if held for trading. Gains and losses related to contracts that meet and are designated with the NPNS exception are recognized upon settlement. We generally apply this exception to eligible crude contracts and certain gas contracts. We do not apply hedge accounting for our commodity derivatives.
The following table presents the gross fair values of our commodity derivatives, excluding collateral, on our consolidated balance sheet:
The gains (losses) from commodity derivatives included in our consolidated income statement are presented in the following table:
The table below summarizes our net exposures resulting from outstanding commodity derivative contracts:
Interest Rate Derivative Instruments
I
n 2023, PALNG executed interest rate swaps that had the effect of converting
60
percent of the projected term loans outstanding to finance the cost of development and construction of Phase 1 from floating to fixed rate. During the first quarter of 2025, PALNG dedesignated the remaining portion of the interest rate swaps previously designated as a cash flow hedge.
Changes in the fair value of the dedesignated hedging instruments are reported in the “Equity in earnings of affiliates” line on our consolidated income statement.
For the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, we recognized a gain of $
15
million in “Equity in earnings of affiliates” related to the swaps. For the three-month