statements have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm appointed by the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors and ratified by stockholders. Management has made available to Ernst & Young LLP all of the company’s financial records and related data, as well as the minutes of stockholders’ and directors’ meetings.
Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. ConocoPhillips’ internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the company’s management and directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements.
All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
Management assessed the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in
Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013).
Our assessment of, and conclusion on, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Marathon Oil Corporation, acquired in 2024, which is included in our consolidated financial statements and represented approximately 22% of our total assets as of December 31, 2024, approximately 1% of our revenues and other income and less than 1% of our net income for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Based on our assessment, we believe the company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.
Ernst & Young LLP has issued an audit report on the company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, and their report is included herein.
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of ConocoPhillips
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ConocoPhillips (the Company) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated income statement, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting