1.6
billion.
Qatar LNG
Our equity method investments in Qatar include the following:
•
QatarEnergy LNG N(3) (N3)—
30
percent owned joint venture with an affiliate of QatarEnergy (
68.5
percent) and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. (
1.5
percent)—produces and liquefies natural gas from Qatar’s North Field, as well as exports LNG.
•
QatarEnergy LNG NFE(4) (NFE4)—
25
percent owned joint venture with affiliates of QatarEnergy (
70
percent) and China National Petroleum Corporation (
5
percent)—participant in the North Field East LNG project.
•
QatarEnergy LNG NFS(3) (NFS3)—
25
percent owned joint venture with an affiliate of QatarEnergy (
75
percent)—participant in the North Field South LNG project.
At March 31, 2025, the carrying value of our equity method investments in Qatar was approximately $
1.4
billion.
Note 5—Debt
Our debt balanc
e at March 31, 2025 was $
23.8
billion, compared with $
24.3
billion at December 31, 2024
.
In the first quarter of 2025, the company retired a total of $
0.5
billion principal amount of debt at maturity, consisting of $
0.4
billion of our
2.4
% Notes and $
0.1
billion of our
8.2
% Debentures.
In February 2025, we refinanced our revolving credit facility maintaining a total aggregate principal amount of $
5.5
billion and extended the expiration to February 2030. Our revolving credit facility may be used for direct bank borrowings, the issuance of letters of credit totaling up to $
500
million, or as support for our commercial paper program. The revolving credit facility is broadly syndicated among financial institutions and does not contain any material adverse change provisions or any covenants requiring maintenance of specified financial ratios or credit ratings. The facility agreement contains a cross-default provision relating to the failure to pay principal or interest on other debt obligations of $
200
million or more by ConocoPhillips, or any of its consolidated subsidiaries. The amount of the facility is not subject to redetermination prior to its expiration date.
Credit facility borrowings may bear interest at a margin above the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). The facility agreement calls for commitment fees on available, but unused, amounts. The facility agreement also contains early termination rights if our current directors or their approved successors cease to be a majority of the Board of Directors.
The revolving credit facility supports our ability to issue up to $
5.5
billion of commercial paper. Commercial paper is generally limited to maturities of 90 days and is included in short-term debt on our consolidated balance sheet. With no commercial paper outstanding and no direct borrowings or letters of credit, we had access to $
5.5
billion in available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility at March 31, 2025, and at December 31, 2024.
We do not have any ratings triggers on any of our corporate debt that would cause an automatic default and thereby impact our access to liquidity upon