payments to Total Energies EP Canada Ltd. in connection with the acquisition of the remaining
50
percent working interest in Surmont. Contingent consideration consists of payments up to approximately $
0.4
billion CAD over a
five-year
term ending in the fourth quarter of 2028. The contingent payments represent $
2.0
million for every dollar that the monthly WCS average pricing exceeds $
52
per barrel. The terms include adjustments related to not achieving certain production targets. The fair value of the contingent consideration as of December 31, 2024 is calculated using the income approach and is largely based on the estimated commodity price outlook using a combination of external pricing service companies' and our internal price outlook (unobservable input) and a discount rate consistent with those used by principal market participants (observable input). Impact of other unobservable inputs on the fair value as of December 31, 2024 was not significant.
The following table summarizes the fair value hierarchy for gross financial assets and liabilities (i.e., unadjusted where the right of setoff exists for commodity derivatives accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis):
The range and arithmetic average of the significant unobservable input used in the Level 3 fair value measurement was as follows:
*Commodity price outlook based on a combination of external pricing service companies' outlooks and our internal outlook.
The following table summarizes those commodity derivative balances subject to the right of setoff as presented on our consolidated balance sheet. We have elected to offset the recognized fair value amounts for multiple derivative instruments executed with the same counterparty in our financial statements when a legal right of setoff exists.
At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we did not present any amounts gross on our consolidated balance sheet where we had the right of setoff.
Reported Fair Values of Financial Instruments
We used the following methods and assumptions to estimate the fair value of financial instruments:
•
Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments: The carrying amount reported on the balance sheet approximates fair value. For those investments classified as available for sale debt securities, the carrying amount reported on the balance sheet is fair value.
•
Accounts and notes receivable (including long-term and related parties): The carrying amount reported on the balance sheet approximates fair value.
•
Investments in debt securities classified as available for sale: The fair value of investments in debt securities categorized as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy is measured using exchange prices. The fair value of investments in debt securities categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy is measured using pricing provided by brokers or pricing service companies that are corroborated with market data.
See Note
11
.
•
Accounts payable (including related parties) and floating-rate