and Reporting. This individual holds a master’s degree in reservoir engineering. He is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers with over 20 years of oil and gas industry experience and has held positions of increasing responsibility in reservoir engineering, subsurface and asset management in the U.S. and several international field locations.
Engineering estimates of the quantities of proved reserves are inherently imprecise. See the “Critical Accounting Estimates” section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional discussion of the sensitivities surrounding these estimates.
*All Equity Affiliate reserves are located in our Asia Pacific/Middle East Region.
Notable changes in proved crude oil reserves in the three years ended December 31, 2024, included:
•
Revisions
:
In 2024, upward revisions in Lower 48 were due to development drilling of 298 million barrels and technical revisions of 28 million barrels, partially offset by downward revisions of 114 million barrels for changes in development plans, 23 million barrels due to lower prices and increasing operating costs of 4 million barrels. An upward revision of 52 million barrels in Africa was due to an increase in development plans in Libya. In the consolidated operations in Asia Pacific/Middle East, upward revisions of 15 million barrels were primarily due to the project sanction of Bohai Bay Phase 5 in China. Upward revisions of 5 million barrels in Canada were due to technical revisions. In Alaska, where future production is constrained by the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System minimum flow limit, updated total North Slope development phasing indicated that the flow limit will be reached later than previously premised, resulting in upward revisions of 22 million barrels. Further upward revisions in Alaska include development plan changes of 8 million barrels. These were partially offset by downward revisions due to increasing operating costs of 15 million barrels and 10 million barrels due to technical revisions. Downward revisions in Europe were due to technical revisions of 3 million barrels and development plan changes of 2 million barrels.
In 2023, upward revisions in Lower 48 were due to development drilling of 161 million barrels and technical revisions in the unconventional plays of 31 million barrels, partially offset by downward revisions of 52 million barrels due to lower prices and 14 million barrels for changes in development plans. An upward revision of 10 million barrels in Africa was primarily development drilling in Libya. Upward revisions of 8 million barrels in the consolidated operations in Asia Pacific/Middle East were due to technical revisions. In Alaska, where future production is constrained by the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System minimum flow limit, updated total North Slope development phasing indicated that the flow limit will be reached earlier than previously premised, resulting in downward revisions of 25