low-carbon ammonia production facility on the U.S. Gulf Coast. Furthermore, we may not be able to scale potential investments. The success of our low-carbon strategy will depend in part upon the cooperation of government agencies, the support of stakeholders, the development of relevant markets for low carbon fuels, our ability to research and forecast potential investments, willingness of industry partners to collaborate and our ability to apply our existing strengths and expertise to new technologies, projects and markets.
Estimates of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and NGL reserves are imprecise and may be subject to revision, and any material change in the factors and assumptions underlying our estimates of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and NGL reserves could impair the quantity and value of those reserves.
Our proved reserve information included in this annual report represents management’s best estimates based on assumptions, as of a specified date, of the volumes to be recovered from underground accumulations of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and NGLs. Such volumes cannot be directly measured, and the estimates and underlying assumptions used by management are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty. Any material changes in the factors and assumptions underlying our estimates of these items could result in a material negative impact to the volume of reserves reported or could cause us to incur impairment expenses on property associated with the production of those reserves. Future reserve revisions could also result from changes in, among other things, governmental regulation and commodity prices. For more information on estimates used, see the
"Critical Accounting Estimates" section of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
.
Our business may be adversely affected by price controls; government-imposed limitations on production or exports of crude oil, bitumen, LNG, natural gas and NGLs; or the unavailability of adequate gathering, processing, compression, transportation, and pipeline facilities and equipment for our production of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and NGLs.
As discussed herein, our operations are subject to extensive governmental regulations across numerous jurisdictions. From time to time, regulatory agencies have imposed price controls and limitations on production by restricting the rate of flow of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and NGLs wells below actual production capacity. Similarly, in response to increased domestic energy costs, circumstances determined to be in the economic or other interest of the country, or a declared national emergency, governments could restrict the export or import of our products which would adversely impact our business. For example, in January 2024, in response to concerns from environmental groups, the U.S. announced a temporary pause on new authorizations of certain LNG exports. The pause was subsequently lifted in January 2025.