could be legally enforced against us. In this circumstance, we would recognize both the right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability on our consolidated balance sheet on a proportional basis consistent with our undivided interest ownership in the related joint venture.
The company has historically recorded finance lease assets and liabilities associated with certain oil and gas joint ventures on a proportional basis pursuant to accounting guidance applicable prior to the adoption date of ASC 842. In accordance with the transition provisions of ASC Topic 842, and since we have elected to adopt the package of optional transition-related practical expedients, the historical accounting treatment for these leases has been carried forward and is subject to reconsideration upon the modification or other required reassessment of the arrangements prior to lease term expiration.
The following table summarizes the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for both the operating and finance leases on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31:
* Includes proportionately consolidated finance lease assets of $
107
million at December 31, 2024 and $
134
million at December 31, 2023.
** Includes proportionately consolidated finance lease liabilities of $
181
million at December 31, 2024 and $
175
million at December 31, 2023.
*** Includes proportionately consolidated finance lease liabilities of $
259
million at December 31, 2024 and $
326
million at December 31, 2023.
The following table summarizes our lease costs:
* The amounts presented in the table above have not been adjusted to reflect amounts recovered or reimbursed from oil and gas coventurers.
** Short-term leases are not recorded on our consolidated balance sheet.
*** Variable lease cost and sublease income are immaterial for the periods presented and therefore are not included in the table above.
The following table summarizes the lease terms and discount rates as of December 31:
The following table summarizes other lease information:
*The amounts presented in the table above have not been adjusted to reflect amounts recovered or reimbursed from oil and gas coventurers. In addition, pursuant to other applicable accounting guidance, lease payments made in connection with preparing another asset for its intended use are reported in the "Cash Flows From Investing Activities" section of our consolidated statement of cash flows.
The following table summarizes future lease payments for operating and finance leases at December 31, 2024:
Note 15—Employee Benefit Plans
Pension and Postretirement Plans
An analysis of the projected benefit obligations for our pension plans and accumulated benefit obligations for our postretirement health and life insurance plans follows:
For both U.S. and international pension plans, the overall expected long-term rate of return is developed from the expected future return of each asset class, weighted by the expected allocation of pension assets to that asset