processes and procedures which may result in changes to our internal controls over financial reporting.
There have been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Act, in the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
PART II. Other Information
Item 1.    Legal Proceedings
ConocoPhillips has elected to use a $1 million threshold for disclosing certain proceedings arising under federal, state or local environmental laws when a governmental authority is a party. ConocoPhillips believes proceedings under this threshold are not material to ConocoPhillips' business and financial condition. Applying this threshold, there are no such proceedings to disclose for the quarter ended March 31, 2025.
See Note
9
for information regarding other legal and administrative proceedings.
Item 1A.    Risk Factors
There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
*There were no repurchases of common stock from company employees in connection with the company's broad-based employee incentive plans.
In late 2016, we initiated our current share repurchase program. As of March 31, 2025, we had repurchased $35.8 billion of shares since 2016. In October 2024, our Board of Directors approved an increase from our previous authorization of $45 billion by a total of the lesser of $20 billion or the number of shares issued in our acquisition of Marathon Oil, such that the Company is not to exceed $65 billion in aggregate repurchases. Repurchases are made at management’s discretion, at prevailing prices, subject to market conditions and other factors. Except as limited by applicable legal requirements, repurchases may be increased, decreased or discontinued at any time without prior notice. Shares of stock repurchased under the plan are held as treasury shares.
See Part I—Item 1A—Risk Factors –
“
Our ability to execute our capital return program is subject to certain considerations
” in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 5.    Other Information
Insider Trading Arrangements
During the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, no officer or director of the company
adopted
or
terminated
any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement.
Item 6.     Exhibits
* Filed herewith.
**Furnished herewith.
Signature
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.