ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is neither clearly known nor easily determinable as new standards, such as air emission standards and water quality standards, continue to evolve. However, environmental laws and regulations, including those that may arise to address concerns about global climate change, are expected to continue to have an increasing impact on our operations in the U.S. and in other countries in which we operate. Notable areas of potential impacts include air emission compliance and remediation obligations in the U.S. and Canada.
An example is the use of hydraulic fracturing, an essential completion technique that facilitates production of oil and natural gas otherwise trapped in lower permeability rock formations. A range of local, state, federal, or national laws and regulations currently govern hydraulic fracturing operations, with hydraulic fracturing currently prohibited in some jurisdictions. Although hydraulic fracturing has been conducted for many decades, potential new laws, regulations and permitting requirements from various state environmental agencies, and others could result in increased costs, operating restrictions, operational delays and/or limit the ability to develop oil and natural gas resources. Governmental restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could impact the overall profitability or viability of certain of our oil and natural gas investments. We have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements. Our practices continually evolve as technology improves and regulations change.
We also are subject to certain laws and regulations relating to environmental remediation obligations associated with current and past operations. Such laws and regulations include CERCLA and RCRA and their equivalents in their respective jurisdictions. Longer-term expenditures are subject to considerable uncertainty and may fluctuate significantly.
We occasionally receive requests for information or notices of potential liability from the EPA and state environmental agencies alleging that we are a potentially responsible party under CERCLA or an equivalent state statute. On occasion, we also have been made a party to cost recovery litigation by those agencies or by private parties. These requests, notices and lawsuits assert potential liability for remediation costs at various sites that typically are not owned by us, but allegedly contain waste attributable to our past operations. As of December 31, 2024, there were 15 sites around the U.S. in which we were identified as a potentially responsible party under CERCLA and comparable state laws.
For most Superfund sites, our potential liability will be significantly less than the total site remediation costs because the percentage of waste attributable to us, versus that attributable to all other potentially responsible parties, is relatively low. Although liability