method, which requires assets acquired and liabilities assumed to be measured at their acquisition date fair values. Fair value measurements were made for acquired assets and liabilities. Adjustments to those measurements may be made in subsequent periods, up to one year from the acquisition date, as we identify new information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date to consider. At March 31, 2025, remaining items to finalize include allocation of fair value to unproved properties. The impact of finalizing the fair value allocation is not expected to have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements.
Oil and gas properties were valued using a discounted cash flow approach incorporating market participant and internally generated price assumptions; production profiles; and operating and development cost assumptions. Debt assumed in the acquisition was valued based on observable market prices. The fair values of accounts receivable, accounts payable, and most other current assets and current liabilities were determined to be equivalent to the carrying value due to their short-term nature. The acquisition, valued at $
16.5
billion, was allocated to the identifiable assets and liabilities based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date of November 22, 2024.
With the completion of the transaction, we acquired proved properties of approximately $
13
billion, with $
12
billion in Lower 48 and $
1
billion in Equatorial Guinea, and unproved properties of $
11
billion in Lower 48.
We recognized approximately $
568
million pre-tax of transaction-related costs to date, inclusive of $
23
million in the first quarter of 2025. These non-recurring costs related primarily to employee severance and related benefits, fees paid to advisors and the settlement of share-based awards for certain Marathon Oil employees based on the terms of the Merger Agreement.
Supplemental Pro Forma (unaudited)
The following table summarizes the unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information for the three-month period ended March 31, 2024, as if we had completed the acquisition on January 1, 2023.
The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information is presented for illustration purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have occurred had the transaction been completed on January 1, 2023, nor is it necessarily indicative of future operating results of the combined entity. The pro forma results do not include cost savings anticipated as a result of the transaction. The pro forma results include adjustments which relate primarily to DD&A, which is based on the unit-of-production method, resulting from the purchase price allocated to oil and gas properties as well as adjustments for tax impacts. We believe the estimates and assumptions are reasonable, and the relative effects of the transaction are properly reflected.
Assets Sold
In the first quarter of 2025, we sold our