and reported as an impairment in the periods in which the determination is made. Individual assets are grouped for impairment purposes at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets—generally on a field-by-field basis for E&P assets. Because there usually is a lack of quoted market prices for long-lived assets, the fair value of impaired assets is typically determined based on the present values of expected future cash flows using discount rates and prices believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, or based on a multiple of operating cash flow validated with historical market transactions of similar assets where possible.
The expected future cash flows used for impairment reviews and related fair value calculations are based on estimated future production volumes, commodity prices, operating costs and capital decisions, considering all available evidence at the date of review. Differing assumptions could affect the timing and the amount of an impairment in any period.
Investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method are assessed for impairment whenever changes in the facts and circumstances indicate a loss in value has occurred. Such evidence of a loss in value might include our inability to recover the carrying amount, the lack of sustained earnings capacity which would justify the current investment amount, or a current fair value less than the investment’s carrying amount. When such a condition is judgmentally determined to be other than temporary, an impairment charge is recognized for the difference between the investment’s carrying value and its estimated fair value. When determining whether a decline in value is other than temporary, management considers factors such as the length of time and extent of the decline, the investee’s financial condition and near-term prospects and our ability and intention to retain our investment for a period that will be sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in the market value of the investment. Since quoted market prices are usually not available, the fair value is typically based on the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates and prices believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, plus market analysis of comparable assets owned by the investee, if appropriate. Differing assumptions could affect the timing and the amount of an impairment of an investment in any period.
Asset Retirement Obligations and Environmental Costs
Under various contracts, permits and regulations, we have material legal obligations to remove tangible equipment and restore the land or seabed at the end of operations at operational sites. Our largest asset removal obligations involve plugging and abandonment of wells, removal and disposal of offshore oil and gas platforms around the world, as well as oil and gas