better business outcomes. This helps us attract a workforce equipped to address new opportunities and challenges that we face in a complex industry. We recruit experienced hires to help us sustain a broad range of expertise and partner with universities and organizations to create a pipeline of early-career talent. We strive to ensure fair and consistent practices in our recruitment process and conduct talent assessments to meet our business needs.
We monitor recruitment metrics and track voluntary turnover to guide our retention activities.
Valuing our People
Employee Engagement and Development
We engage and develop our workforce through on-the-job learning, formal training, ongoing feedback, coaching and mentoring. Additionally, we use a performance management program focused on merit, objectivity, credibility and transparency. The program includes broad stakeholder feedback, real-time monetary and non-monetary recognition and a formal "how" rating to assess behavior to ensure they align with our SPIRIT Values.
Skills-based Talent Management Teams (TMTs) guide employee development and career progression, help identify workforce planning needs and assess the availability of critical skill sets. Succession planning is a top priority for management and the Board of Directors to ensure talent readiness and availability for leadership roles.
We measure and assess employee satisfaction and engagement through periodic
employee engagement surveys. Our leaders review survey feedback to guide priorities and goals.
Compensation, Benefits and Well-Being
We offer competitive, performance-based compensation packages and have global, equitable pay practices. Our compensation programs generally include base pay, the annual Variable Cash Incentive Program (VCIP) and, for eligible employees, the Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) program. Our retirement and savings plans support employees' financial futures and are competitive within local markets.
We routinely benchmark our global compensation and benefits programs to ensure they are competitive and meet the needs of our employees. We provide flexible work schedules and competitive time off, including parental leave in many locations. We also provide coverage for disability support, elder care and childcare, including onsite childcare, where access locally is a challenge.
Our global wellness programs include biometric screenings and fitness challenges. All employees have access to our employee assistance program, and many of our locations offer custom mental well-being programs.
General
The environmental information contained in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations beginning on page
55
under the caption "Environmental" and beginning on page
57
under the caption “Climate Change” is incorporated herein by reference. It includes information on expensed and capitalized environmental costs for 2024 and those expected for 2025 and 2026.
Website Access to SEC Reports
Our