contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements relating to the company’s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions that are made pursuant to the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words “ambition,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “budget,” “continue,” “could,” “effort,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “goal,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” “objective,” “outlook,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “projection,” “seek,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The company does not undertake to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking information unless required to do so under the federal securities laws. Readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the company’s disclosures under the heading: “CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE ‘SAFE HARBOR’ PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995,” beginning on page
65
.
The terms “earnings” and “loss” as used in Management’s Discussion and Analysis refer to net income (loss).
Business Environment and Executive Overview
ConocoPhillips is one of the world’s leading E&P companies based on both production and reserves with operations and activities in 14 countries. Our diverse, low cost of supply portfolio includes resource-rich unconventional plays in North America; conventional assets in North America, Europe, Africa and Asia; global LNG developments; oil sands in Canada; and an inventory of global exploration prospects. Headquartered in Houston, Texas, at December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 11,800 people worldwide and had total assets of $123 billion.
Completed Acquisition of Marathon Oil Corporation
On November 22, 2024, we completed our acquisition of Marathon Oil, an independent oil and gas exploration and production company. The acquisition adds high-quality, low cost of supply, development opportunities to our existing Lower 48 portfolio and additional LNG capacity to our global LNG portfolio through Equatorial Guinea.
At closing, the acquisition was valued at approximately $16.5 billion, in which 0.255 shares of ConocoPhillips common stock was exchanged for each outstanding share of Marathon Oil common stock, resulting in the issuance of approximately 143 million shares of ConocoPhillips common stock. We also assumed $4.6 billion in aggregate principal amount of outstanding debt for Marathon Oil, which was recorded at fair value of $4.7 billion as of the closing date. We expect to capture approximately $1 billion in synergies on a run rate basis within the first full year following the close of the transaction.
See Note
3 and
Note
8.
Overview
At ConocoPhillips, we anticipate that commodity prices will continue to be cyclical and volatile, and our view is that a successful business strategy in the E&P industry must be resilient in lower price environments while