liabilities, respectively.
Recognition and classification of the gain or loss that results from recording and adjusting a derivative to fair value depends on the purpose for issuing or holding the derivative. Gains and losses from derivatives not accounted for as hedges are recognized immediately in earnings. We do not apply hedge accounting to our commodity derivative instruments.
•
Oil and Gas Exploration and Development
—Oil and gas exploration and development costs are accounted for using the successful efforts method of accounting.
Property Acquisition Costs
—Oil and gas leasehold acquisition costs are capitalized and included in the balance sheet caption PP&E. Leasehold impairment is recognized based on exploratory experience and management’s judgment. Upon achievement of all conditions necessary for reserves to be classified as proved, the associated leasehold costs are reclassified to proved properties.
Exploratory Costs
—Geological and geophysical costs and the costs of carrying and retaining undeveloped properties are expensed as incurred. Exploratory well costs are capitalized, or “suspended,” on the balance sheet pending further evaluation of whether economically recoverable reserves have been found. If economically recoverable reserves are not found, exploratory well costs are expensed as dry holes. If exploratory wells encounter potentially economic quantities of oil and gas, the well costs remain capitalized on the balance sheet as long as sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project is being made. For complex exploratory discoveries, it is not unusual to have exploratory wells remain suspended on the balance sheet for several years while we perform additional appraisal drilling and seismic work on the potential oil and gas field or while we seek government or coventurer approval of development plans or seek environmental permitting. Once all required approvals and permits have been obtained, the projects are moved into the development phase, and the oil and gas resources are designated as proved reserves.
Management reviews suspended well balances quarterly, continuously monitors the results of the additional appraisal drilling and seismic work, and expenses the suspended well costs as dry holes when it judges the potential field does not warrant further investment in the near term.
See Note
6
.
Development Costs
—Costs incurred to drill and equip development wells, including unsuccessful development wells, are capitalized.
Depletion and Amortization
—Leasehold costs of producing properties are depleted using the unit-of-production method based on estimated proved developed and proved undeveloped oil and gas reserves. Amortization of development costs is based on the unit-of-production method using estimated proved developed oil and gas reserves.
•
Capitalized Interest
—Interest from external borrowings is capitalized on major projects with an expected construction period of