retirement eligible employees under the general and executive RSU programs may vest earlier; however, those units are not settled through the issuance of common stock until after the earlier of separation from the company or the end of the regularly scheduled vesting period. Until issued as stock, most recipients of the RSUs receive a cash payment of a dividend equivalent or an accrued reinvested dividend equivalent that is charged to retained earnings. The grant date fair market value of these RSUs is deemed equal to the average ConocoPhillips stock price on the grant date. The grant date fair market value of RSUs that do not receive a dividend equivalent while unvested is deemed equal to the average ConocoPhillips stock price on the grant date, less the net present value of the estimated dividends that will not be received.
The following summarizes our stock-settled stock RSU activity for the year ended December 31, 2024:
At December 31, 2024, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost from the unvested stock-settled RSUs was $
212
million, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of
1.63
years, the longest period being 3 years. The weighted-average grant date fair value of stock-settled RSUs granted during 2023 and 2022 was $
110.91
and
90.57
, respectively. The total fair value of stock-settled RSUs issued during 2023 and 2022 was $
284
million and $
193
million, respectively.
Cash-Settled
Cash-settled executive RSUs granted in 2018 and 2019 replaced the stock option program. These RSUs, subject to elections to defer, were settled in cash equal to the fair market value of a share of ConocoPhillips common stock per unit on the settlement date and are classified as liabilities on the balance sheet. Executive RSUs awarded to retirement eligible employees may vest earlier; however, those units were not settled until after the earlier of separation from the company or the end of the regularly scheduled vesting period. Compensation expense was initially measured using the average fair market value of ConocoPhillips common stock and was subsequently adjusted, based on changes in the ConocoPhillips stock price through the end of each subsequent reporting period, through the settlement date. Recipients received an accrued reinvested dividend equivalent that was charged to compensation expense. The accrued reinvested dividend was paid at the time of settlement, subject to the terms and conditions of the award.
There was no cash-settled stock unit activity and no remaining unrecognized compensation cost to be recorded for the unvested cash-settled units for the year ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The total fair value of cash-settled executive RSUs issued during 2022 was $
21
million.
Performance Share Program
—Under the Omnibus Plan, we also annually grant restricted PSUs to senior management. These PSUs are authorized
three years
prior to their effective grant date (the performance period). Compensation expense is