available cash were $3.4 billion to support our ongoing capital expenditures and investments program, $1.5 billion to repurchase common stock, $1.0 billion to pay the ordinary dividend, $0.5 billion to retire debt at maturity and $0.4 billion net purchases of investments, partly offset by non-core asset sales of $0.6 billion and invoice payment timing of $1.3 billion.
At March 31, 2025, we had total liquidity of $12.7 billion, comprised of cash and cash equivalents of $6.3 billion, short-term investments of $0.9 billion and available borrowing capacity under our credit facility of $5.5 billion. In addition, we have $1.0 billion of long-term investments in debt securities. We believe current cash balances and cash generated by operating activities, together with access to external sources of funds as described below in the “Significant Changes in Capital” section, will be sufficient to meet our funding requirements in the near- and long-term, including our capital spending program, acquisitions, dividend payments and debt obligations.
Significant Changes in Capital
Operating Activities
Cash provided by operating activities was $6.1 billion for the first three months of 2025, compared with $5.0 billion for the corresponding period of 2024. The increase in cash is primarily due to changes in operational working capital, driven by invoice and tax payment timing, and higher sales volumes from our acquisition of the Marathon Oil assets in the fourth quarter of 2024.
See Note
3
.
Our short-term and long-term operating cash flows are highly dependent upon prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, LNG and NGLs. Prices and margins in our industry have historically been volatile and are driven by market conditions over which we have no control. Absent other mitigating factors, as these prices and margins fluctuate, we would expect a corresponding change in our operating cash flows.
The level of absolute production volumes, as well as product and location mix, is another significant factor impacting our cash flows. Future production is subject to numerous uncertainties, including, among others, the volatile crude oil and natural gas price environment, which may impact investment decisions; the effects of price changes on production sharing and variable-royalty contracts; acquisition and disposition of fields; field production decline rates; new technologies; operating efficiencies; timing of startups and major turnarounds; political instability; government regulations; impacts of a global pandemic; weather-related disruptions; and the addition of proved reserves through exploratory success and their timely and cost-effective development. While we actively monitor and manage these factors, changes in production levels can cause variability in cash flows, although we generally experience less variability in our cash flows due to changes in production levels than due to changes in commodity prices.
To maintain or grow our production volumes, we must continue