The following table provides an aging of suspended well balances at December 31:
The following table provides a further aging of those exploratory well costs that have been capitalized for more than one year since the completion of drilling as of December 31, 2024:
(1)
Appraisal drilling complete; costs being incurred to assess development.
(2)
Additional appraisal wells planned.
Exploration Expenses
The charges discussed below are included in the “Exploration expenses” line on our consolidated income statement.
2024
In our Europe, Middle East and North Africa segment, we recorded approximately $
40
million before-tax as dry hole expenses, which included $
22
million for
two
partner operated exploration wells in the Alvheim area in the Norwegian sector of the North Sea, and $
18
million for the Busta suspended discovery well on license PL782S in the North Sea.
2023
In our Europe, Middle East and North Africa segment, after further evaluation we recognized a before-tax expense of $
37
million for dry hole costs associated with the suspended Warka discovery well, drilled in 2020, on license PL1009 in the Norwegian Sea.
In our Alaska segment, we recorded a before-tax expense of approximately $
31
million for dry hole costs associated with the Bear-1 exploration well.
2022
In the fourth quarter, we recorded a before-tax expense of $
129
million for impairment of certain aged, suspended wells associated with Surmont in our Canada segment.
In our Europe, Middle East and North Africa segment, we recorded a before-tax expense of $
102
million for dry hole costs associated with four operated exploration and appraisal wells and one partner-operated well that were drilled in Norway in 2022.
Note 7—Asset Retirement Obligations and Accrued Environmental Costs
Asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs at December 31 were:
*Classified as a current liability on the balance sheet under “Other accruals.”
Asset Retirement Obligations
We record the fair value of a liability for an ARO when it is incurred (typically when the asset is installed at the production location). When the liability is initially recorded, we capitalize the associated asset retirement cost by increasing the carrying amount of the related PP&E. Over time, the liability increases for the change in its present value, while the capitalized cost depreciates over the useful life of the related asset. If in subsequent periods, our estimate of this liability changes, we will record an adjustment to both the liability and PP&E. Changes to estimated liabilities for assets that are no longer producing are recorded as impairment.
We have numerous AROs we are required to perform under law or contract once an asset is permanently taken out of service. Most of these obligations are not expected to be paid until several years, or decades, in the future and will be funded from general company resources at the time of removal. Our largest individual obligations involve plugging and