increase as prices rise.
Our proved reserves include estimated quantities related to PSCs, which are reported under the “economic interest” method, as well as variable-royalty regimes, and are subject to fluctuations in commodity prices, recoverable operating expenses and capital costs. If costs remain stable, reserve quantities attributable to recovery of costs will change inversely to changes in commodity prices. For example, if prices increase, then our applicable reserve quantities would decline. At December 31, 2024, approximately three percent of our total proved reserves were under PSCs, located in our Asia Pacific/Middle East and Africa geographic reporting areas, and seven percent of our total proved reserves were under a variable-royalty regime, located in our Canada geographic reporting area.
Reserves Governance
The recording and reporting of proved reserves are governed by criteria established by regulations of the SEC and FASB. Proved reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible—from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations—prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain it will commence the project within a reasonable time.
Proved reserves are further classified as either developed or undeveloped. Proved developed reserves are proved reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods, or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared with the cost of a new well, and through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well. Proved undeveloped reserves are proved reserves expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. Reserves on undrilled acreage are limited to those directly offsetting development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence provided by reliable technologies exists that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances. As defined by SEC regulations, reliable technologies may be used in reserve estimation when they have been demonstrated in the field to provide reasonably certain results with consistency and repeatability in the formation being evaluated or in an analogous formation. The technologies and data used in the estimation of our proved reserves include, but