section, will be sufficient to meet our funding requirements in the near- and long-term, including our capital spending program, capital return program and required debt payments.
Significant Changes in Capital
Operating Activities
Cash provided by operating activities in 2024 totaled $20.1 billion, compared with $20.0 billion for 2023, and $28.3 billion for 2022. In 2024, cash provided by operating activities improved from 2023 due to increased production primarily from Canada and the Lower 48, including the Surmont 50 percent working interest acquired in the fourth quarter of 2023 and our acquisition of Marathon Oil in late 2024. The increase in production was partly offset by lower commodity prices and lower distributions from equity affiliates.
See Note
3
.
The decrease in cash provided by operating activities from 2023 compared to 2022 is primarily due to lower realized commodity prices across all products, partly offset by higher sales volumes, net of associated production and operating costs.
Our short- and long-term operating cash flows are highly dependent upon prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, LNG and NGLs. Prices and margins in our industry have historically been volatile and are driven by market conditions over which we have no control. Absent other mitigating factors, as these prices and margins fluctuate, we would expect a corresponding change in our operating cash flows.
The level of absolute production volumes, as well as product and location mix, is another significant factor impacting our cash flows. Full-year production averaged 1,987 MBOED in 2024, an increase of 161 MBOED or nine percent compared to 2023. First-quarter 2025 production is expected to be 2.34 MMBOED to 2.38 MMBOED. Future production is subject to numerous uncertainties, including, among others, the volatile crude oil and natural gas price environment, which may impact investment decisions; the effects of price changes on production sharing and variable-royalty contracts; acquisition and disposition of fields; field production decline rates; new technologies; operating efficiencies; timing of startups and major turnarounds; political instability; weather-related disruptions; and the addition of proved reserves through exploratory success and their timely and cost-effective development. While we actively monitor and manage these factors, changes in production levels can cause variability in cash flows, although we generally experience less variability in our cash flows due to changes in production levels than due to changes in commodity prices.
Investing Activities
In 2024, we invested $12.1 billion in capital expenditures and investments; $0.8 billion of which was primarily payments towards our equity investments in LNG projects, including Port Arthur Liquefaction Holdings, LLC (PALNG), QatarEnergy LNG NFE(4) (NFE4) and QatarEnergy LNG NFS(3) (NFS3); and $0.4 billion of spend related to fourth-quarter acquisitions
.
See Note
3.
The remaining $10.9