are subject to other applicable accounting guidance; however, we have elected to adopt the optional practical expedient not to separate lease components apart from non-lease components for existing asset classes, except for crude oil and LNG Vessels. For contractual arrangements involving a new leased asset class, we determine at contract inception whether it will apply the optional practical expedient to the new leased asset class.
Leases are evaluated for classification as operating or finance leases at the commencement date of the lease and right-of-use assets and corresponding liabilities are recognized on our consolidated balance sheet based on the present value of future lease payments relating to the use of the underlying asset during the lease term. Future lease payments include variable lease payments that depend upon an index or rate using the index or rate at the commencement date and probable amounts owed under residual value guarantees. The amount of future lease payments may be increased to include additional payments related to lease extension, termination, and/or purchase options when the company has determined, at or subsequent to lease commencement, generally due to limited asset availability or operating commitments, it is reasonably certain of exercising such options. We use our incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate in determining the present value of future lease payments, unless the interest rate implicit in the lease arrangement is readily determinable. Lease payments that vary subsequent to the commencement date based on future usage levels, the nature of leased asset activities, or certain other contingencies are not included in the measurement of lease right-of-use assets and corresponding liabilities. We have elected not to record assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet for lease arrangements with terms of 12 months or less.
We often enter into leasing arrangements acting in the capacity as operator for and/or on behalf of certain oil and gas joint ventures of undivided interests. If the lease arrangement can be legally enforced only against us as operator and there is no separate arrangement to sublease the underlying leased asset to our coventurers, we recognize at lease commencement a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability on our consolidated balance sheet on a gross basis. While we record lease costs on a gross basis in our consolidated income statement and statement of cash flows, such costs are offset by the reimbursement we receive from our coventurers for their share of the lease cost as the underlying leased asset is utilized in joint venture activities. As a result, lease cost is presented in our consolidated income statement and statement of cash flows on a proportional basis. If we are a nonoperating coventurer, we recognize a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability only if we were a specified contractual party to the lease arrangement and the arrangement