financial statements and funding patterns over time. Projected benefit obligations are particularly sensitive to the discount rate assumption. A 100 basis-point decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase projected benefit obligations by $500 million. Benefit expense is sensitive to the discount rate and return on plan assets assumptions. A 100 basis-point decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase annual benefit expense by $40 million, while a 100 basis-point decrease in the return on plan assets assumption would increase annual benefit expense by $70 million. In determining the discount rate, we use yields on high-quality fixed income investments matched to the estimated benefit cash flows of our plans. We are also exposed to the possibility that lump sum retirement benefits taken from pension plans during the year could exceed the total of service and interest components of annual pension expense and trigger accelerated recognition of a portion of unrecognized net actuarial losses and gains. These benefit payments are based on decisions by plan participants and are therefore difficult to predict. In the event there is a significant reduction in the expected years of future service of present employees or the elimination of the accrual of defined benefits for some or all of their future services for a significant number of employees, we could recognize a curtailment gain or loss.
See Note
15
.
Contingencies
A number of claims and lawsuits are made against the company arising in the ordinary course of business. Management exercises judgment related to accounting and disclosure of these claims which includes losses, damages and underpayments associated with environmental remediation, tax, contracts and other legal disputes. As we learn new facts concerning contingencies, we reassess our position both with respect to amounts recognized and disclosed considering changes to the probability of additional losses and potential exposure; however, actual losses can and do vary from estimates for a variety of reasons including legal, arbitration or other third-party decisions; settlement discussions; evaluation of scope of damages; interpretation of regulatory or contractual terms; expected timing of future actions; and proportion of liability shared with other responsible parties. Estimated future costs related to contingencies are subject to change as events evolve and as additional information becomes available during the administrative and litigation processes. For additional information on contingent liabilities, see the “Contingencies” section within “Capital Resources and Liquidity” and
Note
10
.
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxation in numerous jurisdictions worldwide. We record deferred tax assets and liabilities to account for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements and our tax returns. We routinely assess our deferred tax assets and reduce such assets