policies are the same as those in
Note
1
.
Intersegment sales are at prices that approximate market.
2024 Segment level net income (loss)
Other segment disclosures
2023 Segment level net income (loss)
Other segment disclosures
2022 Segment level net income (loss)
Other segment disclosures
*Includes bitumen and power.
Geographic Information
*Sales and other operating revenues are attributable to countries based on the location of their selling operation.
** Defined as net PP&E plus equity investments and advances to affiliated companies.
*** Assets divested in 2022.
See Note 3
.
Note 24—New Accounting Standards
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, “Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures” which enhances the disclosure requirements within Topic 740 “Income Taxes.” The enhancements will impact our financial statement disclosures only and will be applied prospectively with retrospective application permitted. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, “Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses” to improve the disclosures about a public business entity’s expenses (including purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, depletion and amortization) in commonly presented expense captions. The ASU will impact our financial statement disclosures only and will be applied prospectively with retrospective application permitted. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU.
In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 932, “Extractive Activities—Oil and Gas,” and regulations of the SEC, we are making certain supplemental disclosures about our oil and gas exploration and production operations.
These disclosures include information about our consolidated oil and gas activities and our proportionate share of our equity affiliates’ oil and gas activities in our operating segments. As a result, amounts reported as equity affiliates in Oil and Gas Operations may differ from those shown in the individual segment disclosures reported elsewhere in this report. Our disclosures by geographic area include the U.S., Canada, Europe, Asia Pacific/Middle East (inclusive of equity affiliates) and Africa.
As required by current authoritative guidelines, the estimated future date when an asset will be permanently shut down for economic reasons is based on historical 12-month first-of-month average prices and current costs. This estimated date when production will end affects the amount of estimated reserves. Therefore, as prices and cost levels change from year to year, the estimate of proved reserves also changes. Generally, our proved reserves decrease as prices decline and