the award or the date the employee becomes eligible for retirement. For employees eligible for retirement by or shortly after the grant date, we recognize compensation expense over the period beginning on the date of authorization and ending on the date of grant. Otherwise, we recognize compensation expense beginning on the grant date and ending on the date the PSUs are scheduled to vest. These PSUs are settled in cash equal to the fair market value of a share of ConocoPhillips common stock per unit on the settlement date and thus are classified as liabilities on the balance sheet. Until settlement occurs, recipients of the PSUs receive a cash payment of a dividend equivalent that is charged to compensation expense.
Beginning in 2013, cash-settled PSUs vest upon settlement following the conclusion of the
three-year
performance period. We recognize compensation expense over the period beginning on the date of authorization and ending at the conclusion of the performance period. These PSUs will be settled in cash equal to the fair market value of a share of ConocoPhillips common stock per unit on the settlement date and are classified as liabilities on the balance sheet. For performance periods beginning before 2018, during the performance period, recipients of the PSUs do not receive a cash payment of a dividend equivalent, but after the performance period ends, until settlement in cash occurs, recipients of the PSUs receive a cash payment of a dividend equivalent that is charged to compensation expense. For the performance periods beginning in 2018 or later, recipients of the PSUs receive an accrued reinvested dividend equivalent that is charged to compensation expense. The accrued reinvested dividend is paid at the time of settlement, subject to the terms and conditions of the award.
The following summarizes our cash-settled Performance Share Program activity for the year ended December 31, 2024:
At December 31, 2024, all outstanding cash-settled performance awards were fully vested and there was
no
remaining compensation cost to be recorded. The weighted-average grant date fair value of cash-settled PSUs granted during 2023 and 2022 was $
112.50
and $
91.58
, respectively. The total fair value of cash-settled performance share awards settled during 2023 and 2022 was $
111
million and $
88
million, respectively.
From inception of the Performance Share Program through 2013, approved PSU awards were granted after the conclusion of performance periods. Beginning in February 2014, initial target PSU awards are issued near the beginning of new performance periods. These initial target PSU awards will terminate at the end of the performance periods and will be settled after the performance periods have ended. Also in 2014, initial target PSU awards were issued for open performance periods that began in prior years. For the open performance period beginning in 2012, the initial target PSU awards terminated at the end of the
three-year
performance