assets were $
572
million and $
119
million, respectively.
Supplemental Pro Forma (unaudited)
The following tables summarize the unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information combining the consolidated income statement of ConocoPhillips with assets acquired as shown for the year ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, as if we had completed the acquisition of Marathon Oil on January 1, 2023 and the remaining working interest in Surmont on January 1, 2022, respectively.
The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information is presented for illustration purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have occurred had the transaction been completed on January 1, 2022, and January 1, 2023, respectively, nor is it necessarily indicative of future operating results of the combined entity. The pro forma results do not include cost savings anticipated as a result of the transaction. The pro forma results include adjustments which relate primarily to DD&A, which is based on the unit-of-production method, resulting from the purchase price allocated to oil and gas properties as well as adjustments for the timing of transaction costs and tax impacts. We believe the estimates and assumptions are reasonable, and the relative effects of the transaction are properly reflected.
QatarEnergy LNG NFS(3) (NFS3)
During 2022, we were awarded a
25
percent interest in NFS3, a new joint venture with QatarEnergy, to participate in the North Field South (NFS) LNG project. Formation of NFS3 closed during 2023. NFS3 has a
25
percent interest in the NFS project and is reported as an equity method investment in our Europe, Middle East and North Africa segment.
See Note
4.
Port Arthur Liquefaction Holdings, LLC (PALNG)
During 2023, we acquired a
30
percent interest in PALNG, a joint venture for the development of a large-scale LNG facility for the first phase of the Port Arthur LNG project ("Phase 1"). Sempra PALNG Holdings, LLC owns the remaining
70
percent interest in the joint venture. PALNG is reported as an equity method investment in our Corporate and Other segment.
See Note
4.
Contingent Payments
We recorded contingent payments related to the previous dispositions of our working interests in the Foster Creek Christina Lake Partnership and western Canada gas assets, and our San Juan assets. Contingent payments were recorded as (gain) loss on disposition on our consolidated income statement and reflected within our Canada and Lower 48 segments. In our Canada segment, the contingent payment, calculated and paid quarterly, was $
6
million CAD for every $1 CAD by which the WCS quarterly average crude oil price exceeded $
52
CAD per barrel. In our Lower 48 segment, the contingent payment, paid annually, was calculated monthly at $
7
million per month when the U.S. Henry Hub natural gas price was at or above $
3.20
per MMBTU. The term of contingent payments in our Canada segment ended in the second quarter of 2022 and the term