in our Canada segment, from TotalEnergies EP Canada Ltd. Following the acquisition, we own
100
percent working interest in Surmont.
The final consideration for the all-cash transaction was $
3.0
billion (CAD $
4.1
billion) after customary adjustments:
The contingent consideration arrangement requires additional consideration to be paid to TotalEnergies EP Canada Ltd. up to $
0.4
billion CAD over a
five-year
term. The contingent payments represent $
2
million for every dollar that WCS pricing exceeds $
52
per barrel during the month, subject to certain production targets being achieved. The undiscounted amounts we could pay under this arrangement was up to $
0.3
billion USD at closing. The fair value of the contingent consideration on the acquisition date was $
320
million and estimated by applying the income approach. For the year ended December 31, 2024, we have made payments of $
158
million USD under this arrangement, reflected in the "Other" line within the Financing Activities section of our Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.
See Note
12
.
The transaction was accounted for as a business combination under FASB Topic ASC 805 using the acquisition method, which requires assets acquired and liabilities assumed to be measured at their acquisition date fair values. By the end of the first quarter of 2024, we finalized the allocation of the purchase price to specific assets and liabilities. It was based on the fair value of the final consideration and the conclusion of the fair value determination of long-lived assets and all other assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
Oil and gas properties were valued using a discounted cash flow approach incorporating market participant and internally generated price assumptions, production profiles and operating and development cost assumptions. The fair values of other assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which included accounts receivable, accounts payable, and most other current assets and current liabilities, were determined to be equivalent to the carrying value due to their short-term nature. The total consideration of $
3.0
billion was allocated to the identifiable assets and liabilities based on their fair values as of the acquisition date of October 4, 2023.
With the completion of the transaction, we acquired proved and unproved properties of approximately $
2.9
billion and $
0.2
billion, respectively.
In anticipation of the acquisition, we entered into, and settled, various foreign exchange forward contracts to purchase CAD. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized a loss of $
112
million in the "Foreign currency transaction (gain) loss" line on our consolidated income statement associated with these forward contracts. The related cash flows are included within "Cash Flows From Investing Activities" on our consolidated statement of cash flows.
From the acquisition date through December 31, 2023, "Total Revenues and Other Income" and "Net Income (Loss)" associated with the acquired