(APLNG), our joint venture with Origin Energy Limited (Origin) and China Petrochemical Corporation (Sinopec), is focused on producing CBM from the Bowen and Surat basins in Queensland, Australia, to supply the domestic gas market and convert the CBM into LNG for export. Origin operates APLNG’s upstream production and pipeline system, and we operate the downstream LNG facility, located on Curtis Island near Gladstone, Queensland, as well as the LNG export sales business.
We operate two fully subscribed 4.5 MTPA LNG trains. Approximately 3,500 net wells are ultimately expected to supply both the LNG sales contracts and domestic gas market. The wells are supported by gathering systems, central gas processing and compression stations, water treatment facilities and an export pipeline connecting the gas fields to the LNG facilities. The LNG is being sold to Sinopec under a 20-year sales agreement for 7.6 MTPA of LNG, and Japan-based Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc. under a 20-year sales agreement for approximately one MTPA of LNG.
For additional information,
see Note
3,
Note
4
and
Note
9
.
Exploration
We own an 80 percent working interest in both Exploration Permit (T/49P) and (VIC/P79) located in the Otway Basin, Australia. During 2023, we executed a drilling consortium agreement with other operators in Australia and secured a contract for a semi-sub drilling rig. The proposed exploration program involves seabed surveys and drilling of exploration wells planned for 2025.
China
Penglai
The Penglai 19-3, 19-9 and 25-6 fields are located in the Bohai Bay Block 11/05 and are being developed in stages from large offshore platforms and a FPSO. Most of the crude oil produced from the block is sold to the domestic market in China, with the remainder exported to international markets.
Phase 3 consists of three wellhead platforms and a central processing platform. First production was achieved in 2018 and as of December 2024, all 186 wells have been completed and brought online.
Phase 4A consists of one wellhead platform. First production was achieved in 2020 and as of December 2024, all 62 wells have been completed and brought online.
Phase 4B consists of two wellhead platforms. First production was achieved in the fourth quarter of 2023. This project could include up to 144 new wells, 41 of which have been completed and brought online as of December 2024.
Phase 5 consists of two new wellhead platforms and four wellhead platform expansions. First production was achieved in the fourth quarter of 2024. This project could include up to 91 new wells, 10 of which have been completed and brought online as of December 2024.
Malaysia
We have varying stages of exploration, development and production activities across approximately 2.6 million net acres in Malaysia, with working interests in six PSCs. Four of these PSCs are located in waters off the eastern Malaysian state of Sabah: Block G, Block J, the Kebabangan Cluster (KBBC) and the Ubah Cluster, acquired in 2024.