addition, we have an 80 percent working interest in the VMM-2 Block, which extends over approximately 58,000 net acres and is contiguous to the VMM-3 Block. The contracts for this project are currently in force majeure due to the lack of a defined environmental licensing required for the execution of unconventional exploratory activities. Additionally, the government of Colombia supports a ban on such activities.
Venezuela
For discussion of our contingencies in Venezuela,
see Note
10
.
Other
Marketing Activities
Our Commercial organization manages our worldwide commodity portfolio, which includes natural gas, crude oil, bitumen, NGLs, LNG and power. Marketing activities are performed through offices in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Asia. In marketing our production, we attempt to minimize flow disruptions, maximize realized prices and manage credit-risk exposure. Commodity sales are generally made at prevailing market prices at the time of sale. We also purchase and sell third-party commodity volumes to better position the company to satisfy customer demand while fully utilizing transportation and storage capacity.
Crude Oil, Bitumen and NGLs
Our crude oil, bitumen and NGL revenues are derived from production in the U.S., Canada, Asia, Africa and Europe. These commodities are primarily sold under contracts with prices based on market indices, adjusted for location, quality and transportation.
Natural Gas
Our natural gas production, along with third-party purchased gas, is primarily marketed in the U.S., Canada and Europe. Our natural gas is sold to a diverse client portfolio, which includes local distribution companies; gas and power utilities; large industrials; independent, integrated or state-owned oil and gas companies; as well as marketing companies. To reduce our market exposure and credit risk, we also transport natural gas via firm and interruptible transportation agreements to major market hubs.
LNG
We have producing equity LNG facilities located in Australia, Qatar and Equatorial Guinea. We also have a 30 percent direct equity holding in the Port Arthur LNG (PALNG) facility, which is scheduled to start up in 2027. As part of our LNG strategy to build a dynamic LNG portfolio and expand our footprint across the LNG value chain, in the future we have LNG offtake due to start up in the U.S. Gulf Coast and the west coast of Mexico with approximately 7.4 MTPA, and currently have a total regasification capacity of 5.2 MTPA at terminals in Belgium, Germany and the Netherlands. We continue to progress discussions across all major LNG producing and consuming regions and markets to further add high-quality positions to our portfolio.
See
Note
3.
Emergency Response Partnerships
Emergency response partnerships are vital for effective disaster management. By uniting government agencies, non-profits, private companies and community groups, these partnerships enhance preparedness, response and recovery efforts. We maintain memberships in several global