production facilities and pipelines in Alaska. Fair value is estimated using a present value approach, incorporating assumptions about estimated amounts and timing of settlements and impacts of the use of technologies. Estimating future asset removal costs requires significant judgement. Most of these removal obligations are many years, or decades, in the future and the contracts and regulations often have vague descriptions of what removal practices and criteria must be met when the removal event actually occurs. The carrying value of our asset retirement obligation estimate is sensitive to inputs such as asset removal technologies and costs, regulatory and other compliance considerations, expenditure timing, and other inputs into valuation of the obligation, including discount and inflation rates, which are all subject to change between the time of initial recognition of the liability and future settlement of our obligation.
Normally, changes in asset removal obligations are reflected in the income statement as increases or decreases to DD&A over the remaining life of the assets. However, for assets at or nearing the end of their operations, as well as previously sold assets for which we retained the asset removal obligation, an increase in the asset removal obligation can result in an immediate charge to earnings, because any increase in PP&E due to the increased obligation would immediately be subject to impairment, due to the low fair value of these properties.
In addition to asset removal obligations, under the above or similar contracts, permits and regulations, we have certain environmental-related projects. These are primarily related to remediation activities required by Canada and various states within the U.S. at exploration and production sites. Future environmental remediation costs are difficult to estimate because they are subject to change due to such factors as the uncertain magnitude of cleanup costs, the unknown time and extent of such remedial actions that may be required, and the determination of our liability in proportion to that of other responsible parties.
See Note
7
.
Projected Benefit Obligations
The actuarial determination of projected benefit obligations and company contribution requirements involves judgment about uncertain future events, including estimated retirement dates, salary levels at retirement, mortality rates, lump-sum election rates, rates of return on plan assets, future health care cost-trend rates and rates of utilization of health care services by retirees. Due to the specialized nature of these calculations, we engage outside actuarial firms to assist in the determination of these projected benefit obligations and company contribution requirements. Ultimately, we will be required to fund all vested benefits under pension and postretirement benefit plans not funded by plan assets or investment returns, but the judgmental assumptions used in the actuarial calculations significantly affect periodic