exploration expense. This judgmental probability percentage is reassessed and adjusted throughout the contractual period of the leasehold based on favorable or unfavorable exploratory activity on the leasehold or on adjacent leaseholds, and leasehold impairment amortization expense is adjusted prospectively.
At year-end 2024, we held $14.7 billion of net capitalized unproved property costs, $10.8 billion of which was added this year through our acquisition of Marathon Oil. These capitalized costs consist primarily of individually significant and pooled leaseholds, mineral rights held in perpetuity by title ownership, exploratory wells currently being drilled, suspended exploratory wells and capitalized interest. Of this amount, approximately $13.4 billion is concentrated in the Lower 48 Basins, primarily the Delaware, Eagle Ford and Bakken Basins, where we have an ongoing significant and active development program. Outside of the Lower 48 Basins, the remaining $1.3 billion is primarily concentrated in Canada. Management periodically assesses our unproved property for impairment based on the results of exploration and drilling efforts and the outlook for commercialization.
Exploratory Costs
For exploratory wells, drilling costs are temporarily capitalized, or “suspended,” on the balance sheet, pending a determination of whether potentially economic oil and gas reserves have been discovered by the drilling effort to justify development.
If exploratory wells encounter potentially economic quantities of oil and gas, the well costs remain capitalized on the balance sheet as long as sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project is being made. The accounting notion of “sufficient progress” is a judgmental area, but the accounting rules do prohibit continued capitalization of suspended well costs on the expectation future market conditions will improve or new technologies will be found that would make the development economically profitable. Often, the ability to move into the development phase and record proved reserves is dependent on obtaining permits and government or coventurer approvals, the timing of which is ultimately beyond our control. Exploratory well costs remain suspended as long as we are actively pursuing such approvals and permits and believe they will be obtained. Once all required approvals and permits have been obtained, the projects are moved into the development phase, and the oil and gas reserves are designated as proved reserves.
At year-end 2024, total suspended well costs were $196 million, compared with $184 million at year-end 2023. For additional information on suspended wells, including an aging analysis,
see Note
6
.
Proved Reserves
Engineering estimates of the quantities of proved reserves are inherently imprecise and represent only approximate amounts because of the judgments involved in developing such information. Reserve estimates are based on geological and