proved reserve base.
We primarily add to our proved reserve base in three ways:
•
Acquire interests in existing or new fields.
•
Apply new technologies and processes to improve recovery from existing fields.
•
Successfully explore, develop and exploit new and existing fields.
Reserve replacement represents the net change in proved reserves, net of production, divided by our current year production. Our reserve replacement was 244 percent in 2024, reflecting a net increase from development drilling activity; extensions and discoveries; and purchases, including our acquisition of Marathon Oil; partially offset by lower prices. Our organic reserve replacement, which excludes a net increase of 886 MMBOE from sales and purchases, was 123 percent in 2024.
In the three years ended December 31, 2024, our reserve replacement was 183 percent. Our organic         reserve replacement during the three years ended December 31, 2024, which excludes a net increase of 1,064 MMBOE related to sales and purchases, was 131 percent.
See
"Supplementary Data - Oil and Gas Operations"
for more information.
Environmental, Social and Governance performance.
We are committed to the efficient and effective exploration and production of oil and natural gas. We seek to deliver energy to the world through an integrated management system that assesses sustainability-related business risks and opportunities as part of our decision-making process and remain committed to our targets. Recognizing the importance of ESG performance to our stakeholders and company success, we have a governance structure that extends from the board of directors to executive leadership and business unit managers.
For more information on our commitment to responsible and reliable ESG performance,
see "Contingencies—Company Response to Climate-Related Risks"
section of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.
Commodity Prices
Our earnings and operating cash flows generally correlate with crude oil and natural gas commodity prices. Commodity price levels are subject to factors external to the company and over which we have no control, including but not limited to global economic health, supply or demand disruptions or fears thereof caused by civil unrest, global pandemics, military conflicts, actions taken by OPEC Plus and other major oil producing countries, environmental laws, tax regulations, governmental policies and weather-related disruptions. The following graph depicts the average benchmark prices for WTI crude oil, Brent crude oil and U.S. Henry Hub natural gas since 2022:
Brent crude oil prices decreased two percent from $82.62 per barrel in 2023 to $80.76 per barrel in 2024. Similarly, average WTI crude oil prices decreased two percent from $77.62 per barrel in 2023 to $75.72 per barrel in 2024. Prices were lower through 2024 due to slower global demand growth in 2024 relative to 2023 and higher supplies from non-OPEC Plus counties.
U.S. Henry Hub