In 2024, extensions and discoveries in Lower 48 were primarily within unconventional plays in the Permian Basin. Canada extensions and discoveries were in Montney. Extensions and discoveries in our equity affiliates were in the Middle East and Australia.
In 2023, extensions and discoveries in Lower 48 were primarily within unconventional plays in the Permian Basin. Canada extensions and discoveries were in Montney. Extensions and discoveries in our equity affiliates were in Australia.
In 2022, extensions and discoveries in Lower 48 were primarily within unconventional plays in the Permian Basin. In Europe, extensions and discoveries were due to additional planned development. Extensions and discoveries in our equity affiliates were primarily in the Middle East.
•
Sales
: In 2023, Lower 48 sales represent the disposition of noncore assets.
In 2022, Lower 48 sales represent the disposition of noncore assets. Sales in our consolidated operations in Asia Pacific/Middle East represent the disposition of our Indonesia assets.
*There are no Bitumen reserves associated with our Equity Affiliates.
Notable changes in proved bitumen reserves in the three years ended December 31, 2024, included:
•
Revisions
: In 2024, upward revisions of 125 million barrels due to changes in development timing was partially offset by downward revisions due to price of 7 million barrels.
In 2023, the upward revision of 15 million barrels is primarily due to the impact of price on variable royalties.
In 2022, the impact of variable royalties on price resulted in downward revisions of 30 million barrels, partially offset by upward revisions primarily due to changes in development timing for specific pad locations from the Surmont development program.
•
Purchases:
In 2023, purchases in Canada were a result of the acquisition of the remaining 50 percent working interest in Surmont.
*All Equity Affiliate reserves are located in our Asia Pacific/Middle East Region.
Natural gas reserves are converted to BOE based on a 6:1 ratio: six MCF of natural gas converts to one BOE.
Proved Undeveloped Reserves
The following table shows changes in total proved undeveloped reserves for 2024:
Revisions of 535 MMBOE were predominately driven by progression of development plans in the Lower 48 unconventional plays, Canada Oil Sands and Libya, partially offset by 31MMBOE due to product price changes across the portfolio.
Purchases of 57 were primarily due to our acquisition of Marathon Oil in Lower 48 and Equatorial Guinea.
Extensions and discoveries were largely driven by the continued development planned in equity affiliates in Asia Pacific/Middle East. The remaining extensions and discoveries were driven by the continued development planned in the other geographic regions, including Canada, Lower 48 unconventional plays, and Alaska.
Transfers to proved developed reserves were driven by the ongoing development of our assets. Approximately 75 percent of the transfers were from the development of