costs, any of which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
For more information on legislation or precursors for possible regulation relating to global climate change that affect or could affect our operations and a description of the company's response, see the
"Contingencies—Climate Change”
and
"—Company Response to Climate-Related Risks"
sections of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Broader investor and societal attention to and efforts to address global climate change may limit who can do business with us or our access to financial markets and could subject us to litigation.
Increasing attention to global climate change has also resulted in pressure from and upon stockholders, financial institutions and other financial market participants to potentially limit or discontinue investments, insurance and funding to oil and gas companies. For example, a significant number of financial institutions have pledged to meet the goal of net zero by 2050, as well as setting interim targets for 2030 or earlier. While these targets do not prohibit financial sector stakeholders from doing business with oil and gas companies, stakeholders may self-impose limits. Conversely, we also face pressure from some in the investment community and certain public interest groups to limit the focus on ESG in our decision-making, arguing that ESG considerations do not relate to financial outcomes. As public pressure continues to mount on the financial sector, our costs of capital may increase.
Furthermore, increasing attention to global climate change has resulted in an increased likelihood of governmental investigations and private litigation, which could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business. Beginning in 2017 and continuing through 2024, cities, counties, governments and other entities in several states/territories in the U.S. have filed lawsuits against oil and gas companies, including ConocoPhillips, seeking compensatory damages and equitable relief to abate alleged climate change impacts. Additional lawsuits with similar allegations are expected to be filed. The amounts claimed by plaintiffs are unspecified and the legal and factual issues involved in these cases are unprecedented. We believe these lawsuits are factually and legally meritless and are an inappropriate vehicle to address the challenges associated with climate change, and we will vigorously defend against such lawsuits. The ultimate outcome and impact to us cannot be predicted with certainty, and we expect to incur substantial legal costs associated with defending these and similar lawsuits in the future. We could also receive lawsuits alleging a failure or lack of diligence to meet our publicly stated ESG goals or alleging misrepresentation related to our ESG activity.
Political and economic developments could damage our operations and materially reduce our profitability and cash flows.
Actions