assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/
Ernst & Young LLP
Houston, Texas
February 18, 2025
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
*
Plans for which ConocoPhillips is not the primary obligor—primarily those administered by equity affiliates.
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Restricted cash of $
298
million and $
264
million is included in the “
Other assets
” line of our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1—Accounting Policies
•
Consolidation Principles and Investments
—Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of majority-owned, controlled subsidiaries and, if applicable, variable interest entities where we are the primary beneficiary. The equity method is used to account for investments in affiliates in which we have the ability to exert significant influence over the affiliates’ operating and financial policies. When we do not have the ability to exert significant influence, the investment is measured at fair value except when the investment does not have a readily determinable fair value. For those exceptions, it will be measured at cost minus impairment, plus or minus observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Undivided interests in oil and gas joint ventures, pipelines, natural gas plants and terminals are consolidated on a proportionate basis. Other securities and investments are generally carried