one year or longer. Capitalized interest is added to the cost of the underlying asset and is amortized over the useful lives of the assets in the same manner as the underlying assets.
•
Depreciation and Amortization
—Depreciation and amortization of PP&E on producing hydrocarbon properties and SAGD facilities and certain pipeline and LNG assets (those which are expected to have a declining utilization pattern), are determined by the unit-of-production method. Depreciation and amortization of all other PP&E are determined by either the individual-unit-straight-line method or the group-straight-line method (for those individual units that are highly integrated with other units).
•
Impairment of Properties, Plants and Equipment
—Long-lived assets used in operations are assessed for impairment whenever changes in facts and circumstances indicate a possible significant deterioration in the future cash flows expected to be generated by an asset group. If there is an indication the carrying amount of an asset may not be recovered, a recoverability test is performed using management’s assumptions for prices, volumes and future development plans. If the sum of the undiscounted cash flows before income-taxes is less than the carrying value of the asset group, the carrying value is written down to estimated fair value and reported as an impairment in the period in which the determination is made. Individual assets are grouped for impairment purposes at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets—generally on a field-by-field basis for E&P assets. Because there usually is a lack of quoted market prices for long-lived assets, the fair value of impaired assets is typically determined based on the present values of expected future cash flows using discount rates and prices believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, or based on a multiple of operating cash flow validated with historical market transactions of similar assets where possible.
The expected future cash flows used for impairment reviews and related fair value calculations are based on estimated future production volumes, commodity prices, operating costs and capital decisions, considering all available evidence at the date of review. The impairment review includes cash flows from proved developed and undeveloped reserves, including any development expenditures necessary to achieve that production. Additionally, when probable and possible reserves exist, an appropriate risk-adjusted amount of these reserves may be included in the impairment calculation.
Long-lived assets committed by management for disposal within one year are accounted for at the lower of amortized cost or fair value, less cost to sell, with fair value determined using a binding negotiated price, if available, or present value of expected future cash flows as previously described.
•
Maintenance and Repairs
—Costs