initially measured using the average fair market value of ConocoPhillips common stock and is subsequently adjusted, based on changes in the ConocoPhillips stock price through the end of each subsequent reporting period, through the grant date for stock-settled awards and the settlement date for cash-settled awards.
Stock-Settled
Stock-settled PSUs are settled by issuing one share of ConocoPhillips common stock per unit. For performance periods beginning before 2009, PSUs do not vest until the employee becomes eligible for retirement by reaching age 55 with
five years
of service, and restrictions do not lapse until the employee separates from the company. With respect to awards for performance periods beginning in 2009 through 2012, PSUs do not vest until the earlier of the date the employee becomes eligible for retirement by reaching age 55 with
five years
of service or
five years
after the grant date of the award, and restrictions do not lapse until the earlier of the employee’s separation from the company or
five years
after the grant date (although recipients can elect to defer the lapsing of restrictions until separation). We recognize compensation expense for these awards beginning on the grant date and ending on the date the PSUs are scheduled to vest. Because these awards are authorized
three years
prior to the effective grant date, for employees eligible for retirement by or shortly after the grant date, we recognize compensation expense over the period beginning on the date of authorization and ending on the date of grant. Until issued as stock, recipients of the stock-settled PSUs issued prior to 2013 receive a cash payment of a dividend equivalent that is charged to retained earnings. Beginning in 2013, stock-settled PSUs authorized for future grants will vest upon settlement following the conclusion of the
three-year
performance period. We recognize compensation expense over the period beginning on the date of authorization and ending on the conclusion of the performance period. Until issued as stock, recipients of these PSUs receive an accrued reinvested dividend equivalent that is charged to compensation expense.
The following summarizes our stock-settled Performance Share Program activity for the year ended December 31, 2024:
At December 31, 2024, there was
no
remaining unrecognized compensation cost to be recorded on the unvested stock-settled performance shares. The weighted-average grant date fair value of stock-settled PSUs granted during 2023 and 2022 was $
112.50
and $
91.58
, respectively. The total fair value of stock-settled PSUs issued during 2023 and 2022 was $
29
million and $
21
million, respectively.
Cash-Settled
In connection with and immediately following the separation of our Downstream businesses in 2012, grants of new cash-settled PSUs, subject to a shortened performance period, were authorized. Once granted, these PSUs vest, absent employee election to defer, on the earlier of
five years
after the grant date of