on Form 10-K.
Legal and Tax Matters
We are subject to various lawsuits and claims, including, but not limited to, matters involving oil and gas royalty and severance tax payments, gas measurement and valuation methods, contract disputes, environmental damages, climate change, personal injury and property damage. Our primary exposures for such matters relate to alleged royalty and tax underpayments on certain federal, state and privately owned properties, claims of alleged environmental contamination and damages from historic operations and climate change. We will continue to defend ourselves vigorously in these matters.
Our legal organization applies its knowledge, experience and professional judgment to the specific characteristics of our cases, employing a litigation management process to manage and monitor the legal proceedings against us. Our process facilitates the early evaluation and quantification of potential exposures in individual cases. This process also enables us to track those cases that have been scheduled for trial and/or mediation. Based on professional judgment and experience in using these litigation management tools and available information about current developments in all our cases, our legal organization regularly assesses the adequacy of current accruals and determines if adjustment of existing accruals, or establishment of new accruals, is required.
Environmental
We are subject to the same numerous international, federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations as other companies in our industry. We occasionally receive requests for information or notices of potential liability from the U.S. EPA and state environmental agencies alleging that we are a potentially responsible party under the CERCLA or an equivalent state statute. On occasion, we also have been made a party to cost recovery litigation by those agencies or by private parties. These requests, notices and lawsuits assert potential liability for remediation costs at various sites that typically are not owned by us, but allegedly contain waste attributable to our past operations. As of March 31, 2025, there were 16 sites around the U.S. in which we were identified as a potentially responsible party under CERCLA and comparable state laws. For remediation activities in the U.S. and Canada, our consolidated balance sheet included total accrued environmental costs of $210 million at March 31, 2025, compared with $206 million at December 31, 2024. We expect to incur a substantial amount of these expenditures within the next 30 years.
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, and as with other companies engaged in similar businesses, environmental costs and liabilities are inherent concerns in our operations and products, and there can be no assurance that material costs and liabilities will not be incurred. However, we currently do not expect any material adverse effect upon our results of operations or financial position as a result of compliance with