measurement and valuation methods, contract disputes, environmental damages, climate change, personal injury and property damage. Our primary exposures for such matters relate to alleged royalty and tax underpayments on certain federal, state and privately owned properties, claims of alleged environmental contamination and damages from historic operations and climate change. We will continue to defend ourselves vigorously in these matters.
Our legal organization applies its knowledge, experience and professional judgment to the specific characteristics of our cases, employing a litigation management process to manage and monitor the legal proceedings against us. Our process facilitates the early evaluation and quantification of potential exposures in individual cases. This process also enables us to track those cases that have been scheduled for trial and/or mediation. Based on professional judgment and experience in using these litigation management tools and available information about current developments in all our cases, our legal organization regularly assesses the adequacy of current accruals and determines if adjustment of existing accruals, or establishment of new accruals, is required.
We have contingent liabilities resulting from throughput agreements with pipeline and processing companies not associated with financing arrangements. Under these agreements, we may be required to provide any such company with additional funds through advances and penalties for fees related to throughput capacity not utilized. In addition, at March 31, 2025, we had performance obligations secured by letters of credit of $
284
million (issued as direct bank letters of credit) related to various purchase commitments for materials, supplies, commercial activities and services incident to the ordinary conduct of business.
In 2007, the government of Venezuela expropriated ConocoPhillips’ interests in the Petrozuata and Hamaca heavy oil ventures, as well as the offshore Corocoro development project. In response, ConocoPhillips initiated international arbitration proceedings before the ICSID. In
March 2019, an ICSID tribunal unanimously ordered the government of Venezuela to pay ConocoPhillips approximately $
8.7
billion (later reduced to $
8.5
billion) plus interest for the unlawful expropriation of the projects. On January 22, 2025, an ICSID annulment committee dismissed Venezuela’s application to annul the tribunal’s decision and upheld the $
8.5
billion award plus interest in full. Separate arbitrations before the ICC resulted in additional awards against Petróleos de Venezuela, S.A. (PDVSA) and
three
of its affiliates, including an award for approximately $
2
billion plus interest, for the Hamaca and Petrozuata projects, and a $
33
million award, for the Corocoro project, plus interest. Cumulatively, as of March 31, 2025, the company has received approximately $
789
million in connection with the first ICC award.
Collection actions for all
three
awards are