for fees related to throughput capacity not utilized. In addition, at December 31, 2024, we had performance obligations secured by letters of credit of $
278
million (issued as direct bank letters of credit) related to various purchase commitments for materials, supplies, commercial activities and services incident to the ordinary conduct of business.
In 2007, the government of Venezuela expropriated ConocoPhillips’ interests in the Petrozuata and Hamaca heavy oil ventures, as well as the offshore Corocoro development project. In response, ConocoPhillips initiated international arbitration proceedings before the ICSID. In March 2019, an ICSID tribunal unanimously ordered the government of Venezuela to pay ConocoPhillips approximately $
8.7
billion (later reduced to $
8.5
billion) plus interest for the unlawful expropriation of the projects. On January 22, 2025, an ICSID annulment committee dismissed Venezuela’s application to annul the tribunal’s decision and upheld the $
8.5
billion award plus interest in full. Separate arbitrations before the ICC resulted in additional awards against PDVSA and
three
of its affiliates, including an award for approximately $
2
billion plus interest, for the Hamaca and Petrozuata projects, and a $
33
million award, for the Corocoro project, plus interest. As of December 31, 2024, the company has received approximately $
787
million in connection with the first ICC award. Collection actions for all
three
awards are ongoing.
ConocoPhillips has ensured that all actions related to these arbitration awards meet all appropriate U.S. regulatory requirements, including those related to any applicable sanctions imposed by the U.S. against Venezuela.
Beginning in 2017, governmental and other entities in several states/territories in the U.S. have filed lawsuits against oil and gas companies, including ConocoPhillips, seeking compensatory damages and equitable relief to abate alleged climate change impacts. Additional lawsuits with similar allegations are expected to be filed. The legal and factual issues are unprecedented, therefore, there is significant uncertainty about the scope of the claims and alleged damages and any potential impact on the company’s financial condition. ConocoPhillips believes these lawsuits are factually and legally meritless and are an inappropriate vehicle to address the challenges associated with climate change and will vigorously defend against such lawsuits.
Several Louisiana parishes and the State of Louisiana have filed numerous lawsuits under Louisiana’s State and Local Coastal Resources Management Act (SLCRMA) against oil and gas companies, including ConocoPhillips, seeking compensatory damages for contamination and erosion of the Louisiana coastline allegedly caused by historical oil and gas operations. ConocoPhillips entities are defendants in several of the lawsuits and will vigorously defend against them. On October 17, 2022, the Fifth Circuit affirmed remand of the lead case to state