Our maximum potential liability for future payments, or cost of volume delivery, under these guarantees is estimated to be $
600
million ($
1.0
billion in the event of intentional or reckless breach) and would become payable if APLNG fails to meet its obligations under these agreements and the obligations cannot otherwise be mitigated. Future payments are considered unlikely, as the payments, or cost of volume delivery, would only be triggered if APLNG does not have enough natural gas to meet these sales commitments and if the co-venturers do not make necessary equity contributions into APLNG.
•
We have guaranteed the performance of APLNG with regard to certain other contracts executed in connection with the project’s continued development. The guarantees have remaining terms of
12
to
21
years or the life of the venture. Our maximum potential amount of future payments related to these guarantees is approximately $
570
million and would become payable if APLNG does not perform. At March 31, 2025, the carrying value of these guarantees was approximately $
39
million.
QatarEnergy LNG Guarantees
We have guaranteed our portion of certain fiscal and other joint venture obligations as a shareholder in NFE4 and NFS3. These guarantees have an approximate
30
-year term with no maximum limit. At March 31, 2025, the carrying value of these guarantees was approximately $
14
million.
Equatorial Guinea Guarantees
We have guaranteed payment obligations as a shareholder in both Equatorial Guinea LNG Operations, S.A., a fully owned subsidiary of Equatorial Guinea LNG Holdings Limited, and Alba Plant LLC with regard to certain agreements to process third-party gas.
These guarantees have
three years
remaining, and the maximum potential future payments related to these guarantees is approximately $
116
million. At March 31, 2025, the carrying value of these guarantees was approximately $
4
million.
Other Guarantees
We have other guarantees with maximum future potential payment amounts totaling approximately $
570
million, which consist primarily of guarantees of the residual value of leased office buildings and guarantees of the residual value of corporate aircraft. These guarantees have remaining terms of
one
to
five years
and would become payable if certain asset values are lower than guaranteed amounts at the end of the lease or contract term, business conditions decline at guaranteed entities or as a result of nonperformance of contractual terms by guaranteed parties. At March 31, 2025, there was no carrying value associated with these guarantees.
Indemnifications
Over the years, we have entered into agreements to sell ownership interests in certain legal entities, joint ventures and assets that gave rise to qualifying indemnifications. These agreements include indemnifications for taxes and environmental liabilities. The carrying amount recorded for these indemnification obligations at March 31, 2025, was approximately $
20
million. Those related to