in the fourth quarter of 2024. In conjunction with the announcement of our acquisition of Marathon Oil, we communicated a disposition target of approximately $2 billion of assets across the portfolio. We recently entered into agreements to sell noncore assets within our Lower 48 segments that are expected to close in the first half of 2025 for approximately $600 million, subject to customary closing adjustments.
See Note
3
.
In the fourth quarter of 2024, we completed strategic debt transactions, which simplified our capital structure, extended the debt portfolio's weighted average maturity, lowered its weighted average coupon and reduced near-term maturities.
See Note
3 and
Note
8
.
Operationally, we remain focused on safely executing the business. Production for 2024 was 1,987 MBOED, representing an increase of 161 MBOED or nine percent compared to 2023. After adjusting for closed acquisitions and dispositions, production increased by 69 MBOED or three percent. Our Lower 48 segment achieved record production of 1,152 MBOED in 2024. Our international projects reached several key operational milestones; including first production ahead of schedule at Eldfisk North in Norway, Nuna in Alaska and Bohai Bay in China; and we celebrated the one thousandth cargo lift at both APLNG and Bohai Bay in China.
Business Environment
The energy industry has historically been subject to volatility in commodity prices, which fluctuate with the global economy's supply and demand for energy. Our profitability, reserves base, reinvestment of cash flows and distributions to shareholders are influenced by these fluctuations. Our foundational principles guide our differential value proposition to deliver competitive returns on and of capital to stockholders through price cycles. Our foundational principles consist of maintaining balance sheet strength, providing peer-leading distributions, making disciplined investments and demonstrating responsible and reliable ESG performance, all of which support strong financial returns and mitigate uncertainty associated with volatile commodity prices.
Balance sheet strength.
A strong balance sheet is a strategic asset that provides flexibility through price cycles. We strive to maintain our ‘A’-rating, as we did throughout 2024. In 2024, we initiated and completed strategic debt transactions to extend the weighted average maturity of our portfolio and reduce near-term debt maturities. We ended the year with cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of $5.9 billion, short-term investments of $0.5 billion and long-term investments in debt securities of $1.1 billion, maintaining balance sheet strength.
Peer leading distributions.
We believe in delivering value to our shareholders via our return of capital framework, which consists of a growing, sustainable ordinary dividend, share repurchases and the discretion to utilize VROC in an elevated price environment. This framework is how we plan to return greater than 30 percent of our