production costs is the beginning-of-year reserve-production forecast multiplied by the net annual change in the per-unit sales price and production cost, discounted at 10 percent.
•
Purchases and sales of reserves in place, along with extensions, discoveries and improved recovery, are calculated using production forecasts of the applicable reserve quantities for the year multiplied by the 12-month average sales prices, less future estimated costs, discounted at 10 percent.
•
Revisions of previous quantity estimates are calculated using production forecast changes for the year, including changes in the timing of production, multiplied by the 12-month average sales prices, less future estimated costs, discounted at 10 percent.
•
The accretion of discount is 10 percent of the prior year’s discounted future cash inflows, less future production and development costs.
•
The net change in income taxes is the annual change in the discounted future income tax provisions.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of December 31, 2024, with the participation of our management, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) carried out an evaluation, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Act, of ConocoPhillips’ disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Act). Based upon that evaluation, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer concluded our disclosure controls and procedures were operating effectively as of December 31, 2024.
In the third quarter of 2023, we began a multi-year implementation of an updated global enterprise resource planning system (ERP). As a result, we have made corresponding changes to our business processes and information systems, updating applicable internal controls over financial reporting where necessary. As the phased implementation of the ERP system progresses, we expect to continue to modify or change certain processes and procedures which may result in further changes to our internal controls over financial reporting.
There have been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Act, in the period covered by this report that have materially