ConocoPhillips has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment obligations of ConocoPhillips Company with respect to its publicly held debt securities. In addition, ConocoPhillips Company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment obligations of ConocoPhillips with respect to its publicly held debt securities. All guarantees are joint and several.
The following tables present summarized financial information for the Obligor Group, as defined below:
•
The Obligor Group will reflect guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities consisting of ConocoPhillips, ConocoPhillips Company and Burlington Resources LLC.
•
Consolidating adjustments for elimination of investments in and transactions between the collective guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities are reflected in the balances of the summarized financial information.
•
Non-Obligated Subsidiaries are excluded from this presentation.
Transactions and balances reflecting activity between the Obligors and Non-Obligated Subsidiaries are presented separately below:
Summarized Income Statement Data
*
Includes approximately $8.6 billion of purchased commodities expense for transactions with Non-Obligated Subsidiaries.
Summarized Balance Sheet Data
Contingencies
We are subject to legal proceedings, claims and liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business. We accrue for losses associated with legal claims when such losses are considered probable and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. See “Critical Accounting Estimates” and
Note
10
for information on contingencies.
Legal and Tax Matters
We are subject to various lawsuits and claims, including but not limited to matters involving oil and gas royalty and severance tax payments, gas measurement and valuation methods, contract disputes, environmental damages, climate change, personal injury and property damage. Our primary exposures for such matters relate to alleged royalty and tax underpayments on certain federal, state and privately owned properties, claims of alleged environmental contamination and damages from historic operations and climate change. We will continue to defend ourselves vigorously in these matters.
Our legal organization applies its knowledge, experience and professional judgment to the specific characteristics of our cases, employing a litigation management process to manage and monitor the legal proceedings against us. Our process facilitates the early evaluation and quantification of potential exposures in individual cases. This process also enables us to track those cases that have been scheduled for trial and/or mediation. Based on professional judgment and experience in using these litigation management tools and available information about current developments in all our cases, our legal organization regularly assesses the adequacy of current accruals and determines if adjustment of existing accruals, or establishment of new accruals, is required.
See Note
16
.
Environmental
We are subject to