million at December 31, 2023, and included both contracts with customers within the scope of ASC Topic 606 and those that are outside the scope of ASC Topic 606. We typically receive payment within 30 days or less (depending on the terms of the invoice) once delivery is made. Revenues that are outside the scope of ASC Topic 606 relate primarily to physical natural gas sales contracts at market prices for which we do not elect NPNS and are therefore accounted for as a derivative under ASC Topic 815. There is little distinction in the nature of the customer or credit quality of trade receivables associated with natural gas sold under contracts for which NPNS has not been elected compared with trade receivables where NPNS has been elected.
Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers
We have entered into certain agreements under which we license our proprietary technology, including the Optimized Cascade® process technology, to customers to maximize the efficiency of LNG plants. These agreements typically provide for milestone payments to be made during and after the construction phases of the LNG plant. The payments are not directly related to our performance obligations under the contract and are recorded as deferred revenue to be recognized when the customer is able to benefit from their right to use the applicable licensed technology. Revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2024 was
immaterial
. We expect to recognize the outstanding contract liabilities of $
45
million as of December 31, 2024, as revenue during the years 2026, 2028 and 2029.
Note 22—Earnings Per Share
The following table presents the calculation of net income (loss) available to common shareholders and basic and diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. For each of the periods with net income presented in the table below, diluted EPS calculated under the two-class method was more dilutive.
Note 23—Segment Disclosures and Related Information
We explore for, produce, transport and market crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, LNG and NGLs on a worldwide basis. We manage our operations through
six
operating segments, which are primarily defined by geographic region: Alaska; Lower 48 (L48); Canada; Europe, Middle East and North Africa (EMENA); Asia Pacific (AP); and Other International (OI).
Corporate and Other (Corporate) represents income and costs not directly associated with an operating segment, such as most interest expense, premiums on early retirement of debt, corporate overhead and certain technology activities, including licensing revenues. Corporate assets include all cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments.
Our chief operating decision maker (CODM) is our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, who evaluates performance and allocates resources among our operating segments based on each segment's net income (loss). This is done through the annual budget and forecasting process.
Segment accounting