Board of Directors.
The revolving credit facility supports ConocoPhillips Company’s ability to issue up to $5.5 billion of commercial paper, which is primarily a funding source for short-term working capital needs. Commercial paper maturities are generally limited to 90 days. With no commercial paper outstanding and no direct borrowings or letters of credit, we had access to $5.5 billion in available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility at December 31, 2024.
In November 2024, Fitch affirmed our long-term credit rating. The current credit ratings on our long-term debt are:
•
Fitch: “A” with a “stable” outlook
•
S&P: “A-” with a “stable” outlook
•
Moody's:
"
A2
"
with a
"
stable
"
outlook
See Note
8
for additional information on debt and the revolving credit facility.
We do not have any ratings triggers on any of our corporate debt that would cause an automatic default, and thereby impact our access to liquidity, upon downgrade of our credit ratings. If our credit ratings are downgraded from their current levels, it could increase the cost of corporate debt available to us and restrict our access to the commercial paper markets. If our credit rating were to deteriorate to a level prohibiting us from accessing the commercial paper market, we would still be able to access funds under our revolving credit facility.
Certain of our project-related contracts, commercial contracts and derivative instruments contain provisions requiring us to post collateral. Many of these contracts and instruments permit us to post either cash or letters of credit as collateral. At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had direct bank letters of credit of $278 million and $340 million, respectively, which secured performance obligations related to various purchase commitments incident to the ordinary conduct of business. In the event of a credit rating downgrade, we may be required to post additional letters of credit.
Shelf Registration
We have a universal shelf registration statement on file with the SEC under which we have the ability to issue and sell an indeterminate amount of various types of debt and equity securities.
Capital Requirements
For information about our capital expenditures and investments, see the “Capital Expenditures and Investments” section.
Our debt balance at December 31, 2024, was $24.3 billion, an increase of $5.4 billion from the balance at December 31, 2023 of $18.9 billion. In 2024, the company assumed $4.6 billion principal of debt with our acquisition of Marathon Oil and retired $726 million principal amount of Notes at maturity. In addition, we completed concurrent debt transactions consisting of new long-term debt issuances of $5.2 billion; a $4.1 billion repurchase of certain existing Marathon Oil and ConocoPhillips debt; a non-cash obligor exchange offer to retire $0.9 billion of Marathon Oil debt in exchange for new ConocoPhillips debt; and the remarketing of $0.4 billion in available municipal bonds. The debt