are not limited to, performance-based methods, volumetric-based methods, geologic maps, seismic interpretation, well logs, well test data, core data, analogy and statistical analysis.
We have a company-wide, comprehensive, SEC-compliant internal policy that governs the determination and reporting of proved reserves. This policy is applied by the geoscientists and reservoir engineers in our business units around the world. As part of our internal control process, each business unit’s reserves processes and controls are reviewed annually by an internal team which is headed by the company’s Manager of Reserves Compliance and Reporting. This team, composed of internal reservoir engineers, geoscientists, finance personnel and a senior representative from DeGolyer and MacNaughton (D&M), a third-party petroleum engineering consulting firm, reviews the business unit's reserves for adherence to SEC guidelines and company policy through on-site visits, teleconferences and review of documentation. In addition to providing independent reviews, this internal team also ensures reserves are calculated using consistent and appropriate standards and procedures. This team is independent of business unit line management and is responsible for reporting its findings to senior management. The team is responsible for communicating our reserves policy and procedures and is available for internal peer reviews and consultation on major projects or technical issues throughout the year. All of our proved reserves held by consolidated companies and our share of equity affiliates have been estimated by ConocoPhillips.
During 2024, our processes and controls used to assess over 85 percent of proved reserves as of December 31, 2024, were reviewed by D&M. The purpose of their review was to assess whether the adequacy and effectiveness of our internal processes and controls used to determine estimates of proved reserves are in accordance with SEC regulations. In such review, ConocoPhillips’ technical staff presented D&M with an overview of the reserves data, as well as the methods and assumptions used in estimating reserves. The data presented included pertinent seismic information, geologic maps, well logs, production tests, material balance calculations, reservoir simulation models, well performance data, operating procedures and relevant economic criteria. Management’s intent in retaining D&M to review its processes and controls was to provide objective third-party input on these processes and controls. D&M’s opinion was the general processes and controls employed by ConocoPhillips in estimating its December 31, 2024 proved reserves for the properties reviewed are in accordance with the SEC reserves definitions. D&M’s report is included as Exhibit 99 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The technical person primarily responsible for overseeing the processes and internal controls used in the preparation of the company’s reserves estimates is the Manager of Reserves Compliance