may support the intent of legislative and regulatory measures aimed at addressing climate-related risks, the specifics of how and when they are enacted could result in a material adverse effect to our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in future periods as well as our ability to implement and advance our Climate Risk Strategy.
For example, in 2024, New York and Vermont passed legislation seeking to hold certain energy companies financially responsible for state climate change mitigation and adaptation measures, following the
"
polluter pays
"
model of existing Superfund laws. This responsibility may include paying into a fund for infrastructure repairs and recovery from extreme weather events that would otherwise be covered by the government. While only two U.S. states have enacted such laws to date, other states have introduced similar measures, and it is likely that more states will consider a similar approach. Compliance with such legislation may expose us to significant additional liabilities.
Furthermore, in December 2023, the EPA published a final rule that revises the regulations governing, among other things, the emission of methane and volatile organic compounds from new oil and gas production facilities and emission guidelines for states to use when revising Clean Air Act implementation plans to limit methane emissions from existing oil and gas facilities. Also pursuant to the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, the EPA published certain rules in 2024 to facilitate the determination and payment of a charge on methane emissions from selected facilities in the oil and natural gas industry, including many of the facilities operated by ConocoPhillips. These final rules could result in additional capital expenditures and compliance, operating and maintenance costs, any of which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Additionally, in 2023, at the international community at the 28th Conference of the Parties (COP28), nearly 200 countries, including most of the countries in which we operate, renewed their commitment to deliver on the aims of the 2015 Paris Agreement. COP28 included a decision on the world's first 'global stocktake' to ratchet up climate action before the end of the decade — including a goal to triple renewable energy capacity by 2030 — and for the first time its final agreement explicitly recommended "transitioning away from fossil fuels in the energy system."
The implementation of current agreements and regulatory or judicial measures, as well as any future agreements or measures addressing climate change and GHG emissions, may adversely increase our capital and operating expenses, impact the demand for our products, impose taxes on our products or operations, or require us to purchase emission credits or reduce emissions of GHGs from our operations. As a result, we may incur substantial capital expenditures and compliance, operating, maintenance and remediation