periods beginning after December 15, 2024, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, “Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses” to improve the disclosures about a public business entity’s expenses (including purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, depletion and amortization) in commonly presented expense captions. The ASU will impact our financial statement disclosures only and will be applied prospectively with retrospective application permitted. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU.
Item 2.    Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Management’s Discussion and Analysis is the company’s analysis of its financial performance and of significant trends that may affect future performance. It should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes. It contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements relating to the company’s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions that are made pursuant to the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words “ambition,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “budget,” “continue,” “could,” “effort,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “goal,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” “objective,” “outlook,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “projection,” “seek,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The company does not undertake to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking information unless required to do so under the federal securities laws. Readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the company’s disclosures under the heading: “CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE ‘SAFE HARBOR’ PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995,” beginning on page
50
.
The terms “earnings” and “loss” as used in Management’s Discussion and Analysis refer to net income (loss).
Business Environment and Executive Overview
ConocoPhillips is one of the world’s leading E&P companies based on production and reserves, with operations and activities in 15 countries. Our diverse, low cost of supply portfolio includes resource-rich unconventional plays in North America; conventional assets in North America, Europe, Africa and Asia; global LNG developments; oil sands in Canada; and an inventory of global exploration prospects. Headquartered in Houston, Texas, at March 31, 2025, we employed approximately 11,800 people worldwide and had total assets of $124 billion.
Overview
At ConocoPhillips, we anticipate that commodity prices will continue