end of 2024. If the estimates of proved reserves used in the unit-of-production calculations had been lower by 10 percent across all calculations, before-tax DD&A in 2024 would have increased by an estimated $1,040 million.
Business Combination—Valuation of Oil and Gas Properties
For business combinations, management applies the principles of acquisition accounting under FASB ASC Topic 805 – “Business Combinations” and allocates the purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Estimating the fair values involves making various assumptions, of which the most significant assumptions relate to the fair values assigned to proved and unproved oil and gas properties. For significant business combinations, management generally utilizes a discounted cash flow approach, based on market participant assumptions, and considers engaging third party valuation experts in preparing fair value estimates.
Significant inputs incorporated within the valuation include future commodity price assumptions and production profiles of reserve estimates, future operating and development costs, inflation rates, and discount rates using a market-based weighted average cost of capital determined at the time of the acquisition. When estimating the fair value of unproved properties, additional risk-weighting adjustments are applied to probable and possible reserves.
The assumptions and inputs incorporated within the fair value estimates are subject to considerable management judgement and are based on industry, market and economic conditions prevalent at the time of the acquisition. Although we based these estimates on assumptions believed to be reasonable, these estimates are inherently unpredictable and uncertain and actual results could differ. If the initial accounting for the business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the acquisition occurs, an estimate is recorded. Subsequent to the acquisition date, and not later than one year from the acquisition date, we record any material adjustments to the initial estimate based on new information obtained that would have existed as of the date of the acquisition. Any adjustment that arises from information obtained that did not exist as of the date of acquisition is recorded in the period the adjustment arises.
See Note
3
.
Impairments
Long-lived assets used in operations are assessed for impairment whenever changes in facts and circumstances indicate a possible significant deterioration in the future cash flows expected to be generated by an asset group. If there is an indication the carrying amount of an asset may not be recovered, a recoverability test is performed using management’s assumptions for prices, volumes and future development plans. If the sum of the undiscounted cash flows before income-taxes is less than the carrying value of the asset group, the carrying value is written down to estimated fair value