to be cyclical and volatile, and our view is that a successful business strategy in the E&P industry must be resilient in lower price environments while also retaining upside during periods of higher prices. As such, we are unhedged, remain committed to our disciplined investment framework and continually monitor market fundamentals, including the impacts associated with geopolitical tensions and conflicts, global demand for our products, oil and gas inventory levels, governmental policies, tariffs, inflation and supply chain disruptions.
In the second quarter of 2025, we began to see the price of crude oil decline due to several macroeconomic market impacts. This includes the U.S. announcing the imposition of broad-ranging tariffs on several U.S. trade partners and the related reactions to such tariffs, including retaliatory tariffs. There is significant uncertainty as to the scope and duration of these or any future tariffs. Other macroeconomic market impacts include actions taken by OPEC Plus and other major oil producing countries. We are continuing to closely monitor the macroeconomic environment, and despite ongoing market volatility in the energy landscape and across global markets, we believe our business strategy will continue providing value in volatile environments; however, the ultimate impact on the company's results of operations and financial condition remains uncertain.
The global energy industry continues to evolve. We believe ConocoPhillips plays an essential role in responsibly meeting the global demand for energy, while continuing to deliver competitive returns on and of capital and working to meet our previously established emissions-reduction targets. We call this our Triple Mandate, and it represents our commitment to create long-term value for stockholders. Our value proposition to deliver competitive returns to stockholders through price cycles is guided by our foundational principles which consist of maintaining balance sheet strength, providing peer-leading distributions, making disciplined investments, and demonstrating responsible and reliable ESG performance.
In November 2024, we completed our acquisition of Marathon Oil Corporation (Marathon Oil). In the first quarter of 2025, we continued to integrate the acquired assets into our portfolio. We expect to capture greater than $1 billion in synergies on a run rate basis within the first full year following the close of the transaction.
See Note 3.
In conjunction with our acquisition of Marathon Oil, we communicated a disposition proceeds target of $2 billion across the portfolio. Through May 2025, we have closed definitive agreements to dispose of certain assets in the Lower 48 segment for proceeds of approximately $1.3 billion. This is inclusive of noncore assets in our Lower 48 segment disposed of in the first quarter of 2025 as well as the disposition of the Ursa and Europa Fields, and Ursa Oil Pipeline Company LLC in the second quarter of 2025.
See Note 3.
In May