“us” and “ConocoPhillips” are used in this report to refer to the businesses of ConocoPhillips and its consolidated subsidiaries. Items 1 and 2—Business and Properties, contain forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements relating to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions that are made pursuant to the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words
“ambition,”
“anticipate,” “believe,” “budget,” “continue,” “could,” “effort,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “goal,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” “objective,” “outlook,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “projection,” “seek,” “should,” “target,” “will,” “would”
and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The company does not undertake to update, revise or correct any forward-looking information unless required to do so under the federal securities laws. Readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the company’s disclosures under the headings “Risk Factors” beginning on page
19
and “CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE ‘SAFE HARBOR’ PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995,” beginning on page
65
.
Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties
Corporate Structure
ConocoPhillips is an independent E&P company headquartered in Houston, Texas with operations and activities in 14 countries. Our diverse, low cost of supply portfolio includes resource-rich unconventional plays in North America; conventional assets in North America, Europe, Africa and Asia; LNG developments; oil sands in Canada; and an inventory of global exploration prospects. On December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 11,800 people worldwide and had total assets of about $123 billion. Total company production for the year was 1,987 MBOED.
ConocoPhillips was incorporated in the state of Delaware in 2001, in connection with, and in anticipation of, the merger between Conoco Inc. and Phillips Petroleum Company. The merger between Conoco and Phillips was consummated on August 30, 2002. In April 2012, ConocoPhillips completed the separation of the downstream business into an independent, publicly traded energy company, Phillips 66.
On November 22, 2024, we completed our acquisition of Marathon Oil Corporation (Marathon Oil), an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with operations in multiple basins in the Lower 48, as well as Equatorial Guinea internationally. For additional information related to this transaction,
see Note
3
.
Segment and Geographic Information
We manage our operations through six operating segments, defined by geographic region: Alaska; Lower 48; Canada; Europe, Middle East and North Africa; Asia Pacific; and Other International. For operating segment and geographic information,
see Note
23
.
We explore for, produce, transport and market crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, NGLs and LNG on a worldwide basis. At December 31,