tax incentive for Malaysia blocks J and G; lower earnings from equity affiliates of $76 million, primarily due to lower LNG sales prices; and higher exploration expenses of $37 million driven primarily by dry hole expenses associated with certain suspended wells.
See
N
ote
7
and
Note
19
.
Consolidated Production
Average consolidated production increased six MBOED in the three-month period of 2025. Increases to production were primarily due to development activity in Bohai Bay in China and Gumusut in Malaysia; an increase in crude oil entitlement percentage and higher gas demand in Malaysia.
Production increases were partly offset by normal field decline.
Gumusut Phase 4 First Production in Malaysia
In February 2025, Phase 4 of the partner-operated Gumusut field which straddles the Malaysia-Brunei border, reached first production.
Other International
The Other International segment consists of activities associated with prior operations in other countries.
Corporate and Other
Net interest expense consists of interest and debt expense, net of interest income and capitalized interest. Net interest expense was impaired due to higher interest expense of $60 million driven by our acquisition of Marathon Oil, partly offset by an impact to interest expense of $36 million from the settlement of a contingent matter.
Corporate G&A expenses include compensation programs and staff costs. Corporate G&A expenses increased $5 million in the first quarter of 2025, primarily due to transaction and integration expenses associated with our acquisition of Marathon Oil, partially offset by mark to market adjustments associated with certain compensation programs.
Technology includes our investments in low-carbon and other new technologies or businesses and licensing revenues. Other new technologies or businesses and licensing activities are focused on both conventional and tight oil reservoirs, shale gas, oil sands, enhanced oil recovery, as well as LNG.
Other income (expense) or “Other” includes certain consolidating tax-related items, foreign currency transaction gains and losses, environmental costs associated with sites no longer in operation, other costs not directly associated with an operating segment, gains/losses on the early retirement of debt, holding gains or losses on equity securities and pension settlement expense. “Other” was impaired in the first quarter of 2025 primarily due to lower tax benefits related to stock compensation of $38 million and a first quarter 2025 consolidating tax adjustment of $28 million.
Capital Resources and Liquidity
Financial Indicators
*
Capital includes total debt and total equity.
To meet our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements, we look to a variety of funding sources, including cash generated from operating activities, our commercial paper and credit facility programs and our ability to sell securities using our shelf registration statement. During the first three months of 2025, the primary uses of our