Field
The Visund Field is located in the northern part of the North Sea and consists of a floating drilling, production and processing unit and subsea installations. Crude oil is transported by pipeline to a nearby third-party field for storage and export via tankers. The natural gas is transported to the gas processing plants at Kollsnes and Kårstø, through the Gassled transportation system.
Other Fields
We also have varying ownership interests in three other producing fields in the Norwegian sector of the North Sea.
Exploration
In 2024, we were awarded three new exploration licenses, PL1205, PL1207 and PL1208 located in the North Sea. In the first quarter of 2024, we recorded the investment in the suspended Busta discovery well on license PL782S, located in the North Sea, as dry hole expense. In 2025, we plan to drill the second appraisal well in the 2020 Slagugle discovery on PL891, located in the Norwegian Sea, and participate in two partner-operated exploration wells in the Bounty Up-dip prospect on PL886 and in Othello South on PL124B, both located in the Norwegian Sea.
Transportation
We have a 35.1 percent ownership interest in the Norpipe Oil Pipeline System, a 220-mile pipeline which carries crude oil from Ekofisk to a crude oil stabilization and NGLs processing facility in Teesside, U.K.
Facilities
We operate and have a 40.25 percent ownership interest in a crude oil stabilization and NGLs processing facility at Teesside, U.K. to support our Norway operations.
Qatar
QatarEnergy LNG N(3) (N3), is an integrated development jointly owned by QatarEnergy (68.5 percent), ConocoPhillips (30 percent) and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. (1.5 percent). N3 consists of upstream natural gas production facilities, which produce approximately 1.4 gross BCF per day of natural gas from Qatar’s North Field over a 25-year life, in addition to a 7.8 million gross tonnes per year LNG facility. LNG is shipped in leased LNG carriers destined for sale globally, while liquids are sold into the domestic market or marketed internationally through QatarEnergy Marketing.
N3 executed the development of the onshore and offshore assets as a single integrated development with QatarEnergy LNG N(4) (N4), a joint venture between QatarEnergy and Shell plc. This included the joint development of offshore facilities situated in a common offshore block in Qatar's North Field, as well as the construction of two identical LNG process trains and associated gas treating facilities for both the N3 and N4 joint ventures. Production from the LNG trains and associated facilities is mutualized between the two joint ventures.
We have a 25 percent interest in both QatarEnergy LNG NFE (4) (NFE4) and QatarEnergy LNG NFS (3) (NFS3) joint ventures, which are participating in the North Field East (NFE) and North Field South (NFS) LNG projects.
See
Note
3
and
Note
4
.
Libya
The Waha Concession is made up of multiple concessions and encompasses approximately 13 million acres onshore in the Sirte Basin for