average sales prices differ from those discussed in Item 7 of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
**Average sales prices include unutilized transportation costs.
*Includes bitumen.
Development and Exploration Activities
The following two tables summarize our net interest in productive and dry exploratory and development wells in the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. A “development well” is a well drilled within the proved area of a reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive. An “exploratory well” is a well drilled to find and produce crude oil or natural gas in an unknown field or a new reservoir within a proven field. Exploratory wells also include wells drilled in areas near or offsetting current production, or in areas where well density or production history have not achieved statistical certainty of results. Excluded from the exploratory well count are stratigraphic-type exploratory wells, primarily relating to oil sands delineation wells located in Canada and CBM test wells located in Asia Pacific/Middle East.
*Our total proportionate interest was less than one.
The table below represents the status of our wells drilling at December 31, 2024, and includes wells in the process of drilling or in active completion. It also represents gross and net productive wells, including producing wells and wells capable of production at December 31, 2024.
Wells at December 31, 2024
Acreage at December 31, 2024
Costs Incurred
Capitalized Costs
Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Oil and Gas Reserve Quantities
In accordance with SEC and FASB requirements, amounts were computed using 12-month average prices (adjusted only for existing contractual terms) and end-of-year costs, appropriate statutory tax rates and a prescribed 10 percent discount factor. Twelve-month average prices are calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the 12-month period prior to the end of the reporting period. For all years, continuation of year-end economic conditions was assumed. The calculations were based on estimates of proved reserves, which are revised over time as new data becomes available. Probable or possible reserves, which may become proved in the future, were not considered. The calculations also require assumptions as to the timing of future production of proved reserves and the timing and amount of future development costs, including dismantlement, and future production costs, including taxes other than income taxes.
While due care was taken in its preparation, we do not represent that this data is the fair value of our oil and gas properties, or a fair estimate of the present value of cash flows to be obtained from their development and production.
Discounted Future Net Cash Flows
Sources of Change in Discounted Future Net Cash Flows
•
The net change in prices and