production from upstream fields. Prolonged depressed prices may affect strategic decisions related to our operations, including decisions to reduce capital investments or curtail operated production.
Significant reductions in crude oil, bitumen, LNG, natural gas and NGLs prices could also require us to reduce our capital expenditures, impair the carrying value of our assets or discontinue the classification of certain assets as proved reserves. Although it is not reasonably practicable to quantify the impact of any future impairments or estimated change to our unit-of-production rates at this time, our results of operations could be adversely affected as a result.
If
we do not successfully develop resources, the scope of our business will decline, and our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
As we produce crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and NGLs from our existing portfolio, the amount of our remaining reserves declines. If we do not successfully replace the resources we produce with good prospects for future organic development or through acquisitions, our business will decline. In addition, our ability to successfully develop our reserves depends on our achievement of a number of operational and strategic objectives, some aspects of which are beyond our control, including navigating political and regulatory challenges to obtain and renew rights to develop and produce hydrocarbons; reservoir optimization; bringing long-lead time, capital intensive projects to completion on budget and on schedule; and efficiently and profitably operating mature properties. If we are not successful in developing the resources in our portfolio, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
The exploration and production of oil and gas is a highly competitive industry.
The exploration and production of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and NGLs is a highly competitive business. We compete with private, public and state-owned companies in all facets of the exploration and production business, including locating, acquiring and developing new sources of supply and producing crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and NGLs in an efficient, cost-effective manner. In addition, we anticipate the oil and gas industry will face additional competition from alternative fuels. We must also compete for the materials, equipment, services, employees and other personnel (including geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other specialists) necessary to conduct our business. If we are not successful in any facet of this competition, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
Our ability to successfully execute on our plans to reduce operational GHG emissions intensity is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and such reductions may be costly and challenging to achieve.
Our framework for managing climate-related business risk is set out in our Climate Risk Strategy, which describes our