under various contractual arrangements as described below. We recognize a liability, at inception, for the fair value of our obligation as a guarantor for newly issued or modified guarantees. Unless the carrying amount of the liability is noted below, we have not recognized a liability because the fair value of the obligation is immaterial. In addition, unless otherwise stated, we are not currently performing with any significance under the guarantee and expect future performance to be either immaterial or have only a remote chance of occurrence.
APLNG Guarantees
At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding multiple guarantees in connection with our
47.5
percent ownership interest in APLNG. The following is a description of the guarantees with values calculated utilizing December 2024 exchange rates:
•
During the third quarter of 2016, we issued a guarantee to facilitate the withdrawal of our pro-rata portion of the funds in a project finance reserve account. We estimate the remaining term of this guarantee to be
six years
. Our maximum exposure under this guarantee is approximately $
210
million and may become payable if an enforcement action is commenced by the project finance lenders against APLNG. At December 31, 2024, the carrying value of this guarantee was approximately $
14
million.
•
In conjunction with our original purchase of an ownership interest in APLNG from Origin Energy Limited in October 2008, we agreed to reimburse Origin Energy Limited for our share of the existing contingent liability arising under guarantees of an existing obligation of APLNG to deliver natural gas under several sales agreements. The final guarantee expires in the fourth quarter of 2041. Our maximum potential liability for future payments, or cost of volume delivery, under these guarantees is estimated to be $
610
million ($
1.0
billion in the event of intentional or reckless breach) and would become payable if APLNG fails to meet its obligations under these agreements and the obligations cannot otherwise be mitigated. Future payments are considered unlikely, as the payments, or cost of volume delivery, would only be triggered if APLNG does not have enough natural gas to meet these sales commitments and if the co-venturers do not make necessary equity contributions into APLNG.
•
We have guaranteed the performance of APLNG with regard to certain other contracts executed in connection with the project’s continued development. The guarantees have remaining terms of
12
to
21
years or the life of the venture. Our maximum potential amount of future payments related to these guarantees is approximately $
480
million and would become payable if APLNG does not perform. At December 31, 2024, the carrying value of these guarantees was approximately $
34
million.
QatarEnergy LNG Limited Guarantee
We have guaranteed our portion of certain fiscal and other joint venture obligations as a shareholder in NFE4 and NFS3. This guarantee has an approximate
30
-year term with no