support further investment, we decided to suspend our evaluation of a low-carbon ammonia production facility on the U.S. Gulf Coast.
For more information on our targets, see
“Contingencies—Company Response to Climate-Related Risks"
sections of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Delivery Commitments
We sell crude oil and natural gas from our producing operations under a variety of contractual arrangements, some of which specify the delivery of a fixed and determinable quantity. Our commercial organization also enters into natural gas sales contracts where the source of the natural gas used to fulfill the contract can be the spot market or a combination of our reserves and the spot market. Worldwide, we are contractually committed to deliver approximately 675 billion cubic feet of natural gas and 253 million barrels of crude oil in the future. These contracts have various expiration dates through the year 2034. We have a variety of options to fulfill our delivery commitments including third-party purchases, as supported by our gas management and power supply agreements, proved developed reserves and PUDs. See the disclosure on “Proved Undeveloped Reserves” in the
“Supplementary Data - Oil and Gas Operations”
section following the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, for information on the development of PUDs.
Competition
ConocoPhillips is one of the world’s leading E&P companies based on both production and reserves, with a globally diversified asset portfolio. We compete with private, public and state-owned companies in all facets of the E&P business. Some of our competitors are larger and have greater resources. Each of our segments is highly competitive, with no single competitor, or small group of competitors, dominating.
We compete with numerous other companies in the industry, including state-owned companies, to locate and obtain new sources of supply and to produce oil, bitumen, LNG, NGLs and natural gas in an efficient, cost-effective manner. We deliver our production into the worldwide commodity markets. Principal methods of competing include geological, geophysical and engineering research and technology; experience and expertise; equipment and personnel; economic analysis in connection with portfolio management and safely operating oil and gas producing properties.
Human Capital Management
At ConocoPhillips, our strategy, performance, culture and reputation are fueled by our workforce. Attracting, retaining and developing a world-class workforce is a competitive imperative within our complex industry. Our human capital management (HCM) approach is based on our core SPIRIT Values – Safety, People, Integrity, Responsibility, Innovation and Teamwork – which set the tone for our interactions with all stakeholders. We believe a safe organization is a successful organization and we prioritize personal and process safety across the company.
Our Executive Leadership Team (ELT) and Board