Surmont is a 100 percent working interest asset that offers sustained, long-life production. We are focused on keeping facilities full, structurally lowering costs, reducing GHG intensity and optimizing asset performance. In 2024, we brought all wells at Pad 267 to expected production, commenced the drilling of Pad 104 and executed the asset's largest re-drill program to date of 29 wells. First production from Pad 104 is expected in 2026.
Montney
The Montney is a liquids-rich unconventional play located in northeastern British Columbia. At December 31, 2024, we held approximately 297,000 net acres of land in the Montney. In 2024, we operated two rigs resulting in 33 wells drilled and 27 operated wells brought online. Early development activities will continue in 2025 with drilling and completions activity.
Europe, Middle East and North Africa
The Europe, Middle East and North Africa segment consists of operations principally located in the Norwegian sector of the North Sea, the Norwegian Sea, Qatar, Libya, Equatorial Guinea and commercial and terminalling operations in the U.K. In 2024, operations in Europe, Middle East and North Africa contributed nine percent of our consolidated liquids production and 17 percent of our consolidated natural gas production.
Norway
Greater Ekofisk Area
The Greater Ekofisk Area is located offshore Stavanger, Norway, in the North Sea, and is comprised of five producing fields. Crude oil is exported to our operated terminal located at Teesside, U.K., and the natural gas is exported to Emden, Germany. In 2024, the Eldfisk North development, a subsea tieback to Eldfisk, achieved first production.
Heidrun Field
The Heidrun Field is located in the Norwegian Sea. Produced crude oil is stored in a floating storage unit and exported via shuttle tankers. Most of the gas is transported to Europe via gas processing terminals in Norway with some reinjected for pressure support if required. A portion of the gas is also transported for use as feedstock in a methanol plant in Norway, in which we have an 18 percent interest.
Aasta Hansteen Field
The Aasta Hansteen Field is located in the Norwegian Sea. Gas is transported through the Polarled gas pipeline to the onshore Nyhamna processing plant for final processing prior to export to market. Produced condensate is loaded onto shuttle tankers and transported to market.
Troll Field
The Troll Field lies in the northern part of the North Sea and consists of the Troll A, B and C platforms. The natural gas from Troll A is transported to Kollsnes, Norway. Crude oil from floating platforms Troll B and Troll C is transported to Mongstad, Norway, for storage and export.
Alvheim Field
The Alvheim Field is located in the northern part of the North Sea and consists of a FPSO vessel and subsea installations. Produced crude oil is exported via shuttle tankers and natural gas is transported to the Scottish Area Gas Evacuation (SAGE) Terminal at St. Fergus, U.K., through the SAGE Pipeline.
Visund