ongoing.
ConocoPhillips has ensured that all actions related to these arbitration awards meet all appropriate U.S. regulatory requirements, including those related to any applicable sanctions imposed by the U.S. against Venezuela.
Beginning in 2017, governmental and other entities in several states/territories in the U.S. have filed lawsuits against oil and gas companies, including ConocoPhillips, seeking compensatory damages and equitable relief to abate alleged climate change impacts. Additional lawsuits with similar allegations are expected to be filed. The legal and factual issues are unprecedented; therefore, there is significant uncertainty about the scope of the claims and alleged damages and any potential impact on the Company’s financial condition. ConocoPhillips believes these lawsuits are factually and legally meritless and are an inappropriate vehicle to address the challenges associated with climate change and will vigorously defend against such lawsuits.
Several Louisiana parishes and the State of Louisiana have filed numerous lawsuits under Louisiana’s State and Local Coastal Resources Management Act (SLCRMA) against oil and gas companies, including ConocoPhillips, seeking compensatory damages for contamination and erosion of the Louisiana coastline allegedly caused by historical oil and gas operations. ConocoPhillips entities are defendants in several of the lawsuits and will vigorously defend against them. Because plaintiffs’ SLCRMA theories are unprecedented, there is uncertainty about these claims (both as to scope and damages), and we continue to evaluate our exposure in these lawsuits while assessing options for early resolution.
In October 2020, the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE) ordered the prior owners of Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) Lease P-0166, including ConocoPhillips, to decommission the lease facilities, including
two
offshore platforms located near Carpinteria, California. This order was sent after the current owner of OCS Lease P-0166 relinquished the lease and abandoned the lease platforms and facilities. BSEE’s order to ConocoPhillips is premised on its connection to Phillips Petroleum Company, a legacy company of ConocoPhillips, which held a historical
25
percent interest in this lease and operated these facilities but sold its interest approximately
30
years ago. ConocoPhillips continues to evaluate its exposure in this matter.
In July 2021, a federal securities class action was filed against Concho Resources Inc. (Concho), certain of Concho’s officers, and ConocoPhillips as Concho’s successor in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas. On October 21, 2021, the court issued an order appointing Utah Retirement Systems and the Construction Laborers Pension Trust for Southern California as lead plaintiffs (Lead Plaintiffs). On January 7, 2022, the Lead Plaintiffs filed their consolidated complaint alleging that Concho made materially false and misleading