strategic flexibility, approach to reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity, technology choices and engagement efforts. Among other things, we have set near- and medium-term GHG intensity reduction targets, as well as targets around flaring and methane. Our ability to achieve the stated targets, goals and ambitions within the Climate Risk Strategy's framework is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties beyond our control, including government policies and markets, acceptance of carbon capture technologies, development of markets and potential permitting and regulatory changes, all of which may impair our ability to execute on current or future plans. In addition, the pace of development of effective emissions measurement and abatement technologies, and the actual pace of development may be inadequate, or the technologies actually developed may be insufficient to allow us to achieve our stated targets, goals and ambitions.
Furthermore, executing our Climate Risk Strategy could be costly, is likely to encounter unforeseen obstacles, will proceed at varying paces and may be accomplished in a manner that we cannot predict at this time. We expect to be required to purchase emission credits and/or offsets in the future. There may be an insufficient supply of offsets, and we could incur increasingly greater expenses related to our purchase of such offsets. Even if we are able to acquire an adequate amount of such offsets at satisfactory prices, investors, regulators or other third parties may not perceive this practice as an acceptable means of achieving our emission reduction goals. As advanced technologies are developed to accurately measure emissions, we may be required to revise our emissions estimates and reduction goals or otherwise revise aspects of our Climate Risk Strategy. We may be adversely affected and potentially need to reduce economic end-of-field life of certain assets and impair associated net book value due to the emissions intensity of some of our assets. Even if we meet our goals, our efforts may be characterized as insufficient.
In early 2021, we established a multidisciplinary Low Carbon Technologies organization with the remit of supporting our emissions reduction objectives, understanding the alternative energy landscape and prioritizing opportunities for future competitive investment. Such potential investments may expose us to numerous financial, legal, operational, reputational and other risks. While we perform a thorough analysis on these investments, the related technologies and markets are at early stages of development and we do not yet know what rate of return we will achieve, if any, and we may suspend our evaluation or investment if we determine that applicable markets have not developed at the pace required to support further investment. For example, as a result of the hydrogen and ammonia markets not developing at a pace required to support further investment, in 2024 we decided to suspend our evaluation of a