southeast New Mexico. Current development activity targets prospects in the Avalon, Bone Springs and Wolfcamp formations while balancing leasehold obligations and permit terms. We operated ten rigs and two frac crews on average during 2024, resulting in 166 operated wells drilled and 151 operated wells brought online.
Eagle Ford
We hold approximately 484,000 unconventional net acres in the Eagle Ford, located in south Texas. The current focus is on full-field development, using customized well spacing and stacking patterns adapted through reservoir analysis. We operated seven rigs and two frac crews on average during 2024, resulting in 182 operated wells drilled and 154 operated wells brought online.
Midland Basin
We hold approximately 265,000 unconventional net acres in the Midland Basin, located in west Texas. The current development strategy is focused on full-field development utilizing multi-well pad projects targeting both Spraberry and Wolfcamp reservoir targets. We operated five rigs and two frac crews on average during 2024, resulting in 119 operated wells drilled and 111 operated wells brought online.
Bakken
We hold approximately 790,000 unconventional net acres in the Williston Basin, located in North Dakota and eastern Montana. The primary producing zones are the Middle Bakken and Three Forks formations. We operated four rigs and one frac crew on average during 2024, resulting in 66 operated wells drilled and 83 operated wells brought online.
Partner-Operated
We participate in partner-operated wells when they align with our investment decision criteria and development strategies. In 2024, we participated in partner-operated wells with varying working interests across our Lower 48 portfolio.
Facilities
We operate and own, with varying interests, centralized processing facilities in Texas and New Mexico in support of our Delaware, Eagle Ford and Midland assets.
Canada
Our Canadian operations consist of the Surmont oil sands development in Alberta, the liquids-rich Montney unconventional play in British Columbia and commercial operations. In 2024, operations in Canada contributed ten percent of our consolidated liquids production and five percent of our consolidated natural gas production.
Our bitumen resources in Canada are produced via SAGD, an enhanced thermal oil recovery method where steam is injected into the reservoir, effectively liquefying the heavy bitumen, which is recovered and pumped to the surface for further processing. Operations include two central processing facilities for treatment and blending of bitumen, and a diluent recovery unit. These facilities have allowed the asset to lower blend ratio and diluent supply costs, while gaining protection from diluent supply disruptions and increased market access for our product. At December 31, 2024, we held approximately 684,000 net acres of land in the Athabasca Region of northeastern Alberta.
Surmont
The Surmont oil sands leases are located south of Fort McMurray, Alberta.