of Directors help to set our HCM strategy and drive accountability for meaningful progress. Our HCM programs are managed by our human resources function with support from business leaders across the company and are regularly reviewed by the Board of Directors. Our efforts are built around three pillars: a compelling culture, attracting a world-class workforce and valuing our people.
At year-end 2024, we had approximately 11,800 employees in 14 countries. Tables of 2024 employees by country and demographics are shown below:
2024 Employees by Demographics
*"POC" refers to People of Color or racial and ethnic minorities self-reported in the U.S.
A Compelling Culture
How we do our work is what sets us apart and drives our performance. As our industry evolves, we need a workforce equipped to address new opportunities and challenges. Our success depends on our people. Effectively engaging, developing and rewarding our employees is a priority for us. Together, we deliver strong performance while embracing our core cultural attributes.
Health, Safety and Environment
Our HSE organization sets expectations and provides tools and assurance to our workforce to promote and achieve HSE excellence. We manage and assure ConocoPhillips HSE policies, standards and practices, to help ensure business activities are consistently safe, healthy and conducted in an environmentally and socially responsible manner across the globe. Each business unit manages its local operational risks with particular attention to process safety, occupational safety and environmental and emergency preparedness risks. Objectives, targets and deadlines are set and tracked annually to drive strong HSE performance. Progress is tracked and reported to our ELT and the Board of Directors. Corporate HSE audits are conducted on business units and staff groups to ensure conformance with ConocoPhillips HSE policies, standards and practices. If improvement actions are identified, they are tracked to completion.
We continuously look for ways to operate more safely, efficiently and responsibly. We focus on reducing human error by emphasizing interaction among people, equipment and work processes. We believe our HSE policies such as Life Saving Rules, Process Safety Fundamentals, safety procedures and our stop work policy can reduce the likelihood and severity of unexpected incidents. We conduct thorough investigations of all serious incidents to understand the root cause and share lessons learned globally to improve our facility designs, procedures, training and maintenance programs. It is important that we drive an HSE culture of continuous learning and improvement, refine our existing HSE processes and tools and enhance our commitment to safe, efficient and responsible operations.
Attracting a World-Class Workforce
Our continued success requires a skilled global workforce. Our SPIRIT Values help to cultivate an inclusive environment where everyone can contribute, promoting innovation and leading to