This pause and other difficulties in the regulatory approval processes may have an extended adverse impact on our global LNG business. Furthermore, because legal requirements are frequently changed and subject to interpretation, we cannot predict whether future restrictions on our business may be enacted or become applicable to us.
Our ability to sell and deliver the crude oil, bitumen, LNG, natural gas and NGLs that we produce also depends on the availability, proximity and capacity of gathering, processing, compression, transportation and pipeline facilities and equipment, as well as any necessary diluents to prepare our crude oil, bitumen, LNG, natural gas and NGLs for transport. The facilities, equipment and diluents we rely on may be temporarily unavailable to us due to market conditions, extreme weather events, permitting delays and other regulatory matters, mechanical reasons or other factors or conditions, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, in certain newer plays, the capacity of necessary facilities, equipment and diluents may not be sufficient to accommodate production from existing and new wells, and construction and permitting delays, permitting costs and regulatory or other constraints could limit or delay the construction, manufacture or other acquisition of new facilities and equipment. If any facilities, equipment or diluents, or any of the transportation methods and channels that we rely on become unavailable for any period of time, we may incur increased costs to transport our crude oil, bitumen, LNG, natural gas and NGLs for sale; we may be forced to curtail our production of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas or NGLs, or we may not be able to meet all the objectives in our Climate Risk Strategy, such as reducing routine flaring.
Our ability to manage risk or influence outcomes in joint ventures may be constrained.
We conduct many of our operations through joint ventures in which another joint venture partner is the operator or we may not have majority control. In these cases, the economic, business, or legal interests or goals of the operator or the voting majority may be inconsistent with ours, and we may not be able to influence the decision making or outcomes to align with our interests or goals. Failure by an operator or a voting majority, with whom we have a joint venture interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any operations could have an adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and operations.
Our operations are subject to hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight.
Our operations are subject to a variety of hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight, such as the monitoring, prevention or mitigation of or protection from explosions, fires, product spills, severe weather, geological events, global health crises, such as epidemics and pandemics, labor disputes,