U.S. companies to earn this distinction.
•
Remained on schedule to meet a target of zero routine flaring by the end of 2025 for heritage ConocoPhillips assets.
Our emissions reduction efforts are supported by our multi-disciplinary Low Carbon Technologies organization.
See Item 1A. Risk Factors—Our ability to successfully execute on our
plans
to reduce our operationa
l GHG emissions intensity
is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties
,
and
such reductions
may be costly
and challenging
to achieve.
New Accounting Standards
For discussion of new accounting standards,
see Note
24
.
Critical Accounting Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to select appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
See Note
1
for descriptions of our significant accounting policies. Certain of these accounting policies involve judgments and uncertainties to such an extent there is a reasonable likelihood materially different amounts would have been reported under different conditions, or if different assumptions had been used. These critical accounting estimates are discussed with the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors at least annually. We believe the following discussions of critical accounting estimates address all important accounting areas where the nature of accounting estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change.
Oil and Gas Accounting
Accounting for oil and gas activity is subject to special accounting rules unique to the oil and gas industry. The acquisition of G&G seismic information, prior to the discovery of proved reserves, is expensed as incurred, similar to accounting for research and development costs. However, leasehold acquisition costs and exploratory well costs are capitalized on the balance sheet pending determination of whether proved oil and gas reserves have been recognized.
Property Acquisition Costs
For individually significant leaseholds, management periodically assesses for impairment based on exploration and drilling efforts to date. For insignificant individual leasehold acquisition costs, management exercises judgment and determines a percentage probability that the prospect ultimately will fail to find proved oil and gas reserves, including estimates of future expirations, and pools that leasehold information with others in similar geographic areas. For prospects in areas with limited, or no, previous exploratory drilling, the percentage probability of ultimate failure is normally judged to be quite high. This judgmental percentage is multiplied by the leasehold acquisition cost, and that product is divided by the contractual period of the leasehold to determine a periodic leasehold impairment charge that is reported in