may extend longer, which may be out to the end of field life. We have long-term commodity sales contracts which use prevailing market prices at the time of delivery, and under these contracts, the market-based variable consideration for each performance obligation (i.e., delivery of commodity) is allocated to each wholly unsatisfied performance obligation within the contract. Accordingly, we have applied the practical expedient allowed in ASC Topic 606 and do not disclose the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations or when we expect to recognize revenues that are unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting period.
Receivables from Contracts with Customers
At March 31, 2025, the “Accounts and notes receivable” line on our consolidated balance sheet included trade receivables of $
5,188
million compared with $
5,398
million at December 31, 2024, and included both contracts with customers within the scope of ASC Topic 606 and those that are outside the scope of ASC Topic 606. We typically receive payment within 30 days or less (depending on the terms of the invoice) once delivery is made. Revenues that are outside the scope of ASC Topic 606 relate primarily to physical natural gas sales contracts at market prices for which we do not elect NPNS and are therefore accounted for as a derivative under ASC Topic 815. There is little distinction in the nature of the customer or credit quality of trade receivables associated with natural gas sold under contracts for which NPNS has not been elected compared with trade receivables where NPNS has been elected.
Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers
We have entered into certain agreements under which we license our proprietary technology, including the Optimized Cascade® process technology, to customers to maximize the efficiency of LNG plants. These agreements typically provide for milestone payments to be made during and after the construction phases of the LNG plant. The payments are not directly related to our performance obligations under the contract and are recorded as deferred revenue to be recognized when the customer is able to benefit from their right to use the applicable licensed technology.
Revenue recognized during the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, and March 31, 2024, was
immaterial
. We expect to recognize the outstanding contract liabilities of $
45
million as of March 31, 2025, as revenue during the years 2026, 2028 and 2029.
Note 17—Earnings Per Share
The following table presents the calculation of net income (loss) available to common shareholders and basic and diluted EPS. For the periods presented in the table below, diluted EPS calculated under the two-class method was more dilutive.
Note 18—Segment Disclosures and Related Information
We explore for, produce, transport and market crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, LNG and NGLs on a worldwide basis. We manage our operations through
six
operating segments, which are primarily