2025, we declared a second-quarter ordinary dividend of $0.78 per share.
Operationally, we remain focused on safely executing the business while also progressing key strategic initiatives. At Willow, we made significant progress during the winter construction season and achieved critical milestones. In the Lower 48, we continued to execute our program as well as integrate Marathon Oil assets into our portfolio, focusing on operating and capital efficiencies. Internationally, we became the sole operator of the Kebabangan Cluster (KBBC) PSC in Malaysia in January 2025, extending the PSC to 2050 and making KBBC our first operated producing asset in Malaysia. We also achieved first oil at partner-operated Gumusut Phase 4 in February 2025.
Production was 2,389 MBOED in the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 487 MBOED from the same period a year ago. After adjusting for impacts from closed acquisitions and dispositions, first-quarter
2025 production increased by 115 MBOED or five percent from the same period a year ago.
First-quarter 2025 production resulted in $6.1 billion of cash provided by operating activities. We returned $2.5 billion to shareholders, consisting of $1.5 billion through share repurchases and $1 billion through our ordinary dividend. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments totaling $7.5 billion and long-term investments in debt securities of $1.0 billion.
Also in the first quarter of 2025, we re-invested $3.4 billion into the business in the form of capital expenditures and investments, with over half of the expenditures related to flexible, short-cycle unconventional plays in the Lower 48 segment, where our production has access to both domestic and export markets.
Business Environment
Commodity prices are the most significant factor impacting our profitability and related returns on and of capital to our shareholders. Dynamics that could influence world energy markets and commodity prices include, but are not limited to, global economic health, supply or demand disruptions or fears thereof caused by civil unrest, global pandemics, military conflicts, actions taken by OPEC Plus and other major oil producing countries, environmental laws, tariffs, governmental policies and weather-related disruptions. Our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the financial, operational and ESG priorities that underpin our value proposition.
Our earnings and operating cash flows generally correlate with price levels for crude oil and natural gas, which are subject to factors external to the company and over which we have no control. The following graph depicts the trend in average benchmark prices for WTI crude oil, Brent crude oil and U.S. Henry Hub natural gas:
Brent crude oil prices averaged $75.66 per barrel in the first quarter of 2025, a decrease of nine percent compared with $83.24 per barrel in the first quarter of 2024. WTI at Cushing crude oil prices