government agency obligations, time deposits with major international banks and financial institutions, high-quality corporate bonds, foreign government obligations and asset-backed securities. Our long-term investments in debt securities are placed in high-quality corporate bonds, asset-backed securities, U.S. government and government agency obligations, and foreign government obligations.
The credit risk from our OTC derivative contracts, such as forwards, swaps and options, derives from the counterparty to the transaction. Individual counterparty exposure is managed within predetermined credit limits and includes the use of cash-call margins when appropriate, thereby reducing the risk of significant nonperformance. We also use futures, swaps and option contracts that have a negligible credit risk because these trades are cleared primarily with an exchange clearinghouse and subject to mandatory margin requirements until settled; however, we are exposed to the credit risk of those exchange brokers for receivables arising from daily margin cash calls, as well as for cash deposited to meet initial margin requirements.
Our trade receivables result primarily from our petroleum operations and reflect a broad national and international customer base, which limits our exposure to concentrations of credit risk. The majority of these receivables have payment terms of
30
days or less, and we continually monitor this exposure and the creditworthiness of the counterparties. We may require collateral to limit the exposure to loss including letters of credit, prepayments and surety bonds, as well as master netting arrangements to mitigate credit risk with counterparties that both buy from and sell to us, as these agreements permit the amounts owed by us or owed to others to be offset against amounts due to us.
Certain of our derivative instruments contain provisions that require us to post collateral if the derivative exposure exceeds a threshold amount. We have contracts with fixed threshold amounts and other contracts with variable threshold amounts that are contingent on our credit rating. The variable threshold amounts typically decline for lower credit ratings, while both the variable and fixed threshold amounts typically revert to zero if we fall below investment grade. Cash is the primary collateral in all contracts; however, many also permit us to post letters of credit as collateral, such as transactions administered through the New York Mercantile Exchange.
The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with such credit risk-related contingent features that were in a liability position at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, was $
121
million and $
70
million, respectively. For these instruments, collateral posted at March 31, 2025 was $
4
million and
no
collateral was posted at December 31, 2024. If our credit rating had been downgraded below investment grade at March 31, 2025, we would have been required to post $
57
million of