determining the level of these distributions,
see “Item 1A —Risk Factors – Our ability to execute our capital return program is subject to certain considerations.”
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
*
There were no repurchases of common stock from company employees in connection with the company's broad-based employee incentive plans.
In late 2016, we initiated our current share repurchase program. In October 2024, our Board of Directors approved an increase from our previous authorization of $45 billion by a total of the lesser of $20 billion or the number of shares issued in our acquisition of Marathon Oil, such that the company is not to exceed $65 billion in aggregate repurchases. As of December 31, 2024, we had repurchased $34.3 billion of shares since 2016. Repurchases are made at management’s discretion, at prevailing prices, subject to market conditions and other factors. Except as limited by applicable legal requirements, repurchases may be increased, decreased or discontinued at any time without prior notice. Shares of stock repurchased under the plan are held as treasury shares. For more information,
see “Item 1A—Risk Factors – Our ability to execute our capital return program is subject to certain considerations.”
Stock Performance Graph
The following graph shows the cumulative TSR for ConocoPhillips’ common stock in each of the five years from December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2024. The graph also compares the cumulative total returns for the same five-year period with the S&P 500 Index and our performance peer group consisting of APA Corporation, Chevron, Devon Energy, Diamondback Energy, EOG Resources, ExxonMobil, Hess, and Occidental Petroleum weighted according to the respective peer’s stock market capitalization at the beginning of each annual period. In 2024, we updated our performance peer group, adding Diamondback Energy, to better align with our business and market capitalization, and removing Pioneer. Due to ExxonMobil’s acquisition of Pioneer completed in 2024, Pioneer’s performance has been excluded from all five years of the previous peer group performance.
The comparison assumes $100 was invested on December 31, 2019, in ConocoPhillips stock, the S&P 500 Index and ConocoPhillips’ peer group and assumes that all dividends were reinvested. The cumulative total returns of the peer group companies' common stock do not include the cumulative total return of ConocoPhillips’ common stock. The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.
Item 7.    Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations
Management’s Discussion and Analysis is the company’s analysis of its financial performance and of significant trends and uncertainties that may affect future performance. It should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes, and supplemental oil and gas disclosures included elsewhere in this report. It