net cash provided by operating activities to shareholders. In 2024, we returned $3.6 billion to shareholders through our ordinary dividend and VROC and $5.5 billion through share repurchases. Our combined dividends and share repurchases of $9.1 billion represented 45 percent of our net cash provided by operating activities. In February 2025, we announced our 2025 planned return of capital to shareholders of $10 billion, at current commodity prices, through our return of capital framework.
Disciplined investments.
Our goal is to optimize free cash flow by exercising capital discipline, controlling our costs, and safely and reliably delivering production. We expect to make capital investments sufficient to at least sustain production throughout the price cycles. Free cash flow is defined as cash from operations net of capital expenditures and investments and provides funds that are available to return to shareholders, strengthen the balance sheet or reinvest back into the business for future cash flow expansion.
•
Exercise capital discipline.
Our global portfolio is deep, diverse and durable. As we consider our capital investment opportunities, we apply a rigorous framework that we believe allows for competitive free cash flow to be available to return to shareholders. By allocating to our low cost of supply resource base, we are allocating to high return assets and driving resiliency to low prices. We also balance our investments between short and longer cycle projects. For example, in 2024, we invested in short-cycle projects in the Lower 48 segment, as well as longer-cycle projects such as Willow in Alaska and LNG projects in Qatar and Port Arthur. This capital allocation framework seeks to maximize free cash flow through price cycles. Cost of supply is the WTI equivalent price that generates a 10 percent after-tax return on a point-forward and fully burdened basis. Fully burdened basis includes capital infrastructure, foreign currency exchange rates, cost of carbon, price-related inflation and G&A.
•
Control our costs.
Controlling our costs, without compromising safety or environmental stewardship, is a high priority. Using various methodologies, we monitor costs monthly, on an absolute-dollar basis and a per-unit basis and report to management. Managing costs is critical to maintaining a competitive position in our cyclical industry and positively impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations.
•
Optimize our portfolio.
We continue to evaluate our assets to determine whether they compete for capital within our portfolio and optimize as necessary, directing capital towards the most competitive investments and disposing of assets that do not compete.
In 2024, we completed our acquisition of Marathon Oil and additional working interest in Alaska, as well as signed additional LNG regasification and sales agreements. In 2024, we also signed an agreement to divest certain noncore assets in our Lower 48 segment.
See Note
3
.
•
Add to our