environmental impact; and reputational and financial implications. This risk assessment is discussed with members of the ELT, Audit and Finance Committee (AFC) of the Board of Directors, and Board of Directors on at least an annual basis.
We consult recognized security frameworks, such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework to organize, improve, and assess our IT/OT Security Program to manage and reduce cybersecurity risk. We deploy, configure, and maintain various technologies designed to enforce security policies, detect and protect against cybersecurity threats, and help safeguard IT and OT assets. We operate a Cybersecurity Operation Center (CSOC) to ingest threat intelligence, monitor cybersecurity threats, coordinate incident response resources and manage response times.
Our Global Computer Security Incident Response Plan (CSIRP) establishes the framework for our response to cybersecurity incidents. Under the CSIRP, cybersecurity incidents are escalated based on a defined incident categorization to the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) and senior leaders, including the Chief Digital & Information Officer (CD&IO), General Counsel, Chief Financial Officer, and other cybersecurity program stakeholders, such as the AFC and/or the full Board of Directors. We also conduct incident response exercises at least annually, which are facilitated by internal team members and, in some instances, with assistance from third-party experts.
Physical controls are designed to work in conjunction with digital and cybersecurity controls to help protect the company’s IT and OT assets from physical threats. Our Chief Security Officer is responsible for a physical security program including site plans, cameras, security systems monitoring, and access control and badging systems to manage physical security risks.
Our governing policies, standards and procedures create a structured approach to managing cybersecurity risk. Information security requirements for employees, contractors and partners are detailed in the ConocoPhillips Information Security & Protection Policy. Our workforce is required to complete information security training annually, and we periodically communicate ways to recognize and avoid cybersecurity threats to our workforce.
Engagement of Third Parties
We engage third-party cybersecurity consultants and experts to supplement staffing of our CSOC, as well as to help us assess, validate, and enhance our security practices, including conducting cybersecurity maturity assessments, vulnerability assessments and penetration tests.
As part of the cybersecurity incident response process described above, we engage third-party experts as needed to support incident response, such as external legal advisors, cybersecurity forensic firms and other specialists.
Third-Party Service Provider Risk Management
Our third-party risk management process is designed to identify, assess, and mitigate risks associated with