from production outside the U.S. in 2024, and 32 percent of our proved reserves, as of December 31, 2024, were located outside the U.S. We are subject to risks associated with our operations in foreign jurisdictions and international markets, including changes in foreign governmental policies relating to crude oil, bitumen, LNG, natural gas or NGLs pricing and taxation; other regulatory or economic developments (including the macro effects of international trade policies and disputes); disruptive geopolitical conditions such as the escalation of geopolitical tension in the Middle East in late 2023 and through 2024; and international monetary and currency rate fluctuations. Restrictions on production of oil and gas could increase to the extent governments view such measures as a viable approach for pursuing national and global energy security and climate policies. In addition, some countries where we operate lack a fully independent judiciary system. This, coupled with changes in foreign law or policy, results in a lack of legal certainty that exposes our operations to increased risks, including increased difficulty in enforcing our agreements in those jurisdictions and increased risks of adverse actions by local government authorities, such as expropriations. Actions by host governments, such as the expropriation of our oil assets by the Venezuelan government, have affected operations significantly in the past and may continue to do so in the future.
In addition, the U.S. government has the authority to prevent or restrict us from doing business in foreign jurisdictions or with certain parties. These restrictions and similar restrictions imposed by foreign governments have in the past limited our ability to operate in, or gain access to, opportunities in various jurisdictions. Diplomatic relations or policies between the U.S. government and one or more foreign jurisdictions may increase our expenses or impair our ability to collect awards in legal actions against such foreign jurisdictions. Changes in domestic and international policies and regulations may also restrict our ability to obtain or maintain licenses or permits necessary to operate in foreign jurisdictions, including those necessary for drilling and development of wells. Similarly, the declaration of a “climate emergency” could result in actions to limit exports of our products and other restrictions.
Any of these actions could adversely affect our business or operating results, including our ability to implement and advance the Climate Risk Strategy.
Risks Related to Our Acquisition of Marathon Oil
Integrating Marathon Oil's business may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected, and we may fail to achieve the expected benefits and synergies of the Marathon Oil acquisition, which may adversely affect our business results and negatively affect the value of our common stock.
The success of our acquisition of Marathon Oil will depend on, among other things, our ability