amounts to be paid from the insurance annuity contract and which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid:
The following table summarizes our severance accrual activity:
In 2024, accruals included severance costs associated with contractual termination benefits applicable to officers and employees of Marathon Oil as of the acquisition date. Of the remaining balance at December 31, 2024, $
323
million is classified as short-term.
See Note
3.
Defined Contribution Plans
Most U.S. employees are eligible to participate in a defined contribution plan. Company contributions can vary based on employee compensation and contribution elections, whether the employee is accruing benefits in a defined benefit plan and company discretion. Company contributions charged to expense for U.S. defined contribution plans were $
152
million in 2024, $
151
million in 2023 and $
140
million in 2022.
We have several defined contribution plans for our international employees, each with its own terms and eligibility depending on location. Total compensation expense recognized for these international plans was approximately $
25
million in 2024, $
23
million in 2023 and $
24
million in 2022.
Share-Based Compensation Plans
The 2023 Omnibus Stock and Performance Incentive Plan of ConocoPhillips (Omnibus Plan) was approved by shareholders in May 2023, replacing similar prior plans and providing that no new awards shall be granted under the prior plans. Over its
10-year
life, the Omnibus Plan allows the issuance of up to
36
million shares of our common stock for compensation to our employees and directors, but the available shares (i) are reduced by awards granted under the prior plan between the board adoption date (February 15, 2023) and the shareholder approval date (May 16, 2023) and (ii) are increased by any shares of common stock represented by awards granted under the Omnibus Plan or the prior plans that are forfeited, expire or are cancelled without delivery of shares of common stock or which result in the forfeiture of shares of common stock back to the company, excluding shares surrendered in payment of the exercise of a stock option or stock appreciation right, shares not issued in connection with the stock settlement of a stock appreciation right, or shares reacquired by the company using cash proceeds from the exercise of a stock option. The Human Resources and Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors is authorized to determine the types, terms, conditions and limitations of awards granted. Awards may be granted in the form of, but not limited to, stock options, RSUs and performance share units (PSU) to employees and non-employee directors who contribute to the company’s continued success and profitability.
Total share-based compensation expense is measured using the grant date fair value for our equity-classified awards and the settlement date fair value for our liability-classified awards. We recognize share-based