gross margin in core merchandise categories, when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales), decreased three basis points. The decrease was primarily due to non-foods, partially offset by fresh foods and foods and sundries.
Segment gross margin percentage increased in all segments. Our U.S. segment performed similarly to the consolidated results above. Our Canadian and Other International segments gross margin increased, primarily due to increases in core merchandise categories.
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Quarterly Results
SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased eight basis points. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation was 9.05%, a decrease of nine basis points. The comparison to last year was favorably impacted by eight basis points due to warehouse operations and other businesses, largely attributable to improved productivity. Preopening costs were also lower by one basis point. Central operating costs and stock compensation were flat. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar decreased SG&A expenses by approximately $85 compared to the second quarter of 2024, attributable to our Other International and Canadian operations.
Year-to-date Results
SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales increased three basis points. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation was 9.25%, a decrease of four basis points. The comparison to last year was favorably impacted by two basis points related to warehouse operations and other businesses, largely attributable to sales leverage and improved productivity. Preopening costs were also lower by two basis points, and stock compensation was lower by one basis point. SG&A was negatively impacted by one basis point due to central operating costs. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar decreased SG&A expenses by approximately $93 compared to the first half of 2024, attributable to our Other International and Canadian operations.
23
Table of Contents
Interest Expense
Interest expense is primarily related to Senior Notes and financing leases. The decrease in interest expense for the second quarter and first half of 2025 was primarily due to repayment of the 2.750% Senior Notes in May 2024.
Interest Income and Other, Net
The decrease in interest income in the second quarter and first half of 2025 was due to lower average cash and investment balances, following the special dividend in January 2024, and lower interest rates. Foreign-currency transaction gains, net, include mark-to-market adjustments for forward foreign-exchange contracts and revaluation or settlement of monetary assets and liabilities by our Canadian and Other International operations. See Derivatives and Foreign Currency sections in Item 8, Note 1 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended September 1, 2024.
Provision for Income Taxes