of the plaintiff's individual claims.
In May 2022, an employee filed an action under PAGA against the Company, alleging claims under the California Labor Code regarding the payment of wages, meal and rest periods, the timeliness of wages and final wages, wage statements, accurate records and business expenses. Gonzalez v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 22AHCV00255; Los Angeles Superior Court). The Company filed an answer denying the allegations. On October 31, 2023, a settlement was reached for an immaterial amount. Preliminary approval of the settlement was given in July, and a hearing for final approval has been set for October.
In August 2024, an employee filed an action under PAGA against the Company, alleging claims for penalties for alleged violations of the California Labor Code regarding: off-the-clock work, incorrect and untimely payment of wages, meal and rest periods, reimbursement of expenses, non-compliant wage statements, payment of final wages, incorrect rates for sick pay, meal and rest premiums and vacation
59
Table of Contents
pay and reimbursement of expenses. Nader v. Costco (Case No. CV-24-006198; Stanislaus County Superior Court). The Company has not yet responded to the complaint.
Beginning in December 2017, the United States Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated numerous cases concerning the impacts of opioid abuses filed against various defendants by counties, cities, hospitals, Native American tribes, third-party payors, and others. In re National Prescription Opiate Litigation (MDL No. 2804) (N.D. Ohio). Included are cases filed against the Company by counties and cities in Michigan, New Jersey, Oregon, Virginia and South Carolina, a third-party payor in Ohio, and a hospital in Texas, class actions filed on behalf of infants born with opioid-related medical conditions in 40 states, and class actions and individual actions filed on behalf of individuals seeking to recover alleged increased insurance costs associated with opioid abuse in 43 states and American Samoa. Claims against the Company filed in federal court outside the MDL have been asserted by certain counties and cities in Florida and Georgia; claims filed by certain cities and counties in New York are pending in state court. Claims against the Company in state courts in New Jersey, Oklahoma, Utah, and Arizona have been dismissed. The Company is defending all of the pending matters.
In October 2021 the Company received a notice that the Quebec Health Insurance Board had commenced an inquiry to determine whether the Company had given or received improper payments for drugs that are covered by the province's prescription drug program from drug wholesalers, generic drug manufacturers or the independent pharmacist who owns and operates the pharmacies located in the Company's Quebec locations. The inquiry covers a period beginning January 1, 2017. In August 2024 the Board made a demand of an immaterial amount.
The Company is a named defendant in