margins, modest changes in various items in the consolidated statements of income, particularly merchandise costs and SG&A expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income.
Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canadian, and Other International operating segments (see
Note 11
to the consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8
of this Report). Certain operations in the Other International segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wage and benefit costs as a percentage of sales, less or no direct membership warehouse competition, or lack e-commerce or business delivery.
In discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which are differences between the foreign exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars. This impact is calculated based on the difference between the current and prior period's exchange rates. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current and prior period's average price per gallon sold. Results expressed excluding the impacts of foreign exchange and gasoline prices are intended as supplemental information and are not a substitute for net sales presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should be reviewed in conjunction with results reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
23
Table of Contents
Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2024 and 2022 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended September 1, 2024 and August 28, 2022. References to 2023 relate to the 53-week fiscal year ended September 3, 2023. Certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding.
Highlights for 2024 include:
•
We opened 30 new warehouses, including one relocation: 23 net new in the U.S., one new in our Canadian segment, and five new in our Other International segment, compared to 26 new warehouses, including three relocations, in 2023;
•
Net sales increased 5% to $249,625, driven by an increase in comparable sales and sales at new warehouses opened in 2023 and 2024, partially offset by one less week of sales in 2024;
•
Membership fee revenue increased 5% to $4,828, driven by new member sign-ups and upgrades to Executive membership, partially offset by one less week of membership fee income in 2024;
•
Gross margin percentage increased 35 basis points, driven primarily by warehouse ancillary and other businesses, largely e-commerce and gasoline, and the absence of charges related to the discontinuation of our charter shipping activities recorded in 2023;
•
SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales increased six basis points, primarily due to warehouse operations and other businesses, which included the impact of wage increases in March and September 2023 and July 2024, partially offset by sales leverage and