enterprise risk management. We evaluate these risks based on several frameworks, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework (CSF), Center for Internet Security (CIS) 18 Critical Security Controls, and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). Our governance policies, including our Information Security Policy, outline high-level objectives designed to meet compliance and regulatory requirements.
We undertake a bi-annual NIST CSF and CIS 18 Critical Security Controls assessment, conducted by a third-party, to measure our program maturity. We have implemented a variety of technologies, leveraging third-party security providers for some, and engage in multiple activities to seek to identify and mitigate vulnerabilities and risks in systems. These include, among other activities, scanning for common vulnerabilities and exposures, penetration tests on internal and external networks, code scans on applications, allowed application listing, configuration management tools, employee awareness and training, and internal and external audits. We also review, with various frequencies, on a risk-based priority select third parties with whom we do business, in an effort to reduce the likelihood of security incidents or business interruptions. We maintain cybersecurity insurance that would apply to certain losses arising from significant security incidents.
We maintain a security operations center, supported by external providers and our employees, which provides threat detection and incident response capabilities. We maintain cyber incident response plans and related playbooks, for execution by our information security team, in coordination with stakeholders (including legal counsel). Significant incidents will be escalated to a Cybersecurity Materiality Committee to assess materiality based on qualitative and quantitative factors. The Committee is composed of a cross-divisional group of executives representing the core business functions of Information Technology and Security, Operations, Administration, Finance and Accounting, and Legal. We conduct periodic tabletop exercises, including at the executive level, to test our response processes and incident management procedures.
18
Table of Contents
Governance
Our Board of Directors has delegated certain responsibilities to the Audit Committee of the Board. The Audit Committee reviews and discusses with management the identification and mitigation of cybersecurity risks, including (among other things) the effectiveness of risk-management policies and practices designed to help safeguard our operations, financial systems, and data. Our Vice President of Information Security and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) presents cybersecurity-related topics, including program maturity progress, regularly to the Audit Committee. The Internal Audit team, in its periodic compliance and risk assessment updates to the Audit Committee, also reports on its