proprietary stored-value card (shop card).
Our strategy is to provide our members with a broad range of high-quality merchandise at prices we believe are consistently lower than elsewhere. We seek to limit most items to fast-selling models, sizes, and colors. We carry less than 4,000 active stock keeping units (SKUs) per warehouse in our core warehouse business, significantly less than other broadline retailers. We average anywhere from 9,000 to 10,000 SKUs online, some of which are available in our warehouses. Many consumable products are offered for sale in case, carton, or multiple-pack quantities only.
To promote member satisfaction, we generally accept returns of merchandise. On certain electronic items, we typically have a 90-day return policy and provide, free of charge, technical support services, as well as an extended warranty. Additional third-party warranty coverage is sold on certain electronic items.
We offer merchandise and services in the following categories:
■
Core Merchandise Categories (or core business):
•
Foods and Sundries
(including sundries, dry grocery, candy, cooler, freezer, deli, liquor, and tobacco)
•
Non-Foods
(including major appliances, small electronics, health and beauty aids, hardware, lawn and garden, sporting goods, tires, toys and seasonal, office supplies, automotive, stamps, tickets, apparel, furniture, domestics, housewares, special order kiosk, and jewelry)
•
Fresh Foods
(including meat, produce, service deli, and bakery)
■
Warehouse Ancillary
(includes gasoline, pharmacy, optical, food court, hearing aids, and tire installation)
■
Other Businesses
(includes e-commerce, business centers, travel, and other)
Warehouse ancillary operate primarily within or next to our warehouses, encouraging members to shop more frequently. The number of warehouses with gas stations varies significantly by country, and we have no gasoline business in Korea or Sweden. We operated 719 gas stations at the end of 2024. Our gasoline business represented approximately 12% of total net sales in 2024.
Our other businesses sell products and services that complement our warehouse operations. Our e-commerce operations give members convenience and a broader selection of goods and services. Net sales for e-commerce represented approximately 7% of total net sales in 2024. Digitally originated sales, which represents sales that a member initiates through a digitally enabled device, including e-commerce, business delivery, travel, and same-day grocery, represented approximately 9% of total net sales in 2024. Our business centers carry items tailored specifically for food services, convenience stores and offices, and offer walk-in shopping and deliveries. Business centers are included in our total warehouse count.
4
Table of Contents
Costco Travel offers vacation packages, car rentals, cruises and other travel products exclusively for Costco members (offered in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K.).
We have direct relationships with many