subsidiaries. The Company reports noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities as a component of equity separate from the Company’s equity. All material inter-company transactions between and among the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation. Unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to Costco.
Fiscal Year End
The Company operates on a 52/53-week fiscal year basis with the year ending on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to 2024 and 2022 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended September 1, 2024 and August 28, 2022. References to 2023 relate to the 53-week fiscal year ended September 3, 2023.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions take into account historical and forward-looking factors that the Company believes are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions.
Reclassification
Reclassifications were made to the 2023 and 2022 consolidated statements of cash flows to conform with current year presentation.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers as cash and cash equivalents all cash on deposit, highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase, and proceeds due from credit and debit card transactions with settlement terms of up to four days. Credit and debit card receivables were $
2,519
and $
2,282
at the end of 2024 and 2023.
Short-Term Investments
Short-term investments generally consist of debt securities (U.S. government and agency securities), with maturities at the date of purchase of three months to five years. Investments with maturities beyond five
41
Table of Contents
years may be classified, based on the Company’s determination, as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because they represent the investment of cash that is available for current operations. Short-term investments classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value using the specific identification method with the unrealized gains and losses reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities, if any, are determined on a specific identification basis and are recorded in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income. These available-for-sale investments have a low level of inherent credit risk given they are issued by the U.S. government and agencies. Changes in their fair value are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates and market liquidity. Short-term investments classified as held-to-