contingency both probable and reasonably estimable. In each case, there is a reasonable possibility that a loss may be incurred, including a loss in excess of the applicable accrual. For matters where no accrual has been recorded, the possible loss or range of loss (including any loss in excess of the accrual) cannot, in the Company's view, be reasonably estimated because, among other things: the remedies or penalties sought are indeterminate or unspecified; the legal and/or factual theories are not well developed; and/or the matters involve complex or novel legal theories or a large number of parties.
In November 2023, a former employee filed a class action against the Company alleging claims under California law for failure to pay minimum wage, failure to pay overtime, failure to provide meal and rest breaks, failure to provide accurate wage statements, failure to reimburse expenses, failure to pay wages when due, and failure to pay sick pay. Martin Reyes v. Costco Wholesale Corporation, Sacramento County Superior Court (Case No. 23cv011351), removed to federal court, Case No. 2:24-cv-00300 (E.D. Cal.). A second amended complaint was filed, which the Company has moved to dismiss. In January 2024, the same plaintiff filed a related Private Attorneys General Act (PAGA) representative action, seeking civil penalties and asserting the same alleged underlying Labor Code violations and an additional suitable seating claim. In May 2024, the plaintiff filed an amended PAGA complaint; the Company has denied the material allegations of the complaint and filed a motion to stay the action.
In October 2023, current and former employees filed suit against the Company asserting collective and class claims on behalf of all “Junior Managers” under the Fair Labor Standards Act and New York Labor Law, for failure to pay overtime compensation and for inaccurate wage statements under New York law. Lock et al. v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. 2:23-cv-07904; E.D.N.Y.). On February 1, 2024, the Company served a motion to dismiss the inaccurate wage-statement claim. On April 5, 2024, plaintiffs filed a motion for conditional certification under the Act, which the Company has opposed.
In July 2021, a former temporary staffing employee filed a class action against the Company and a staffing company, alleging violations of the California Labor Code regarding payment of wages, meal and rest periods, wage statements, the timeliness of wages and final wages, and for unfair business practices. Dimas v. Costco Wholesale Corp. (Case No. STK-CV-UOE-2021-0006024; San Joaquin Superior Court). The Company has moved to compel arbitration of the plaintiff's individual claims and to dismiss the class action complaint. On September 7, 2021, the same plaintiff filed a separate representative action under the California Private Attorneys General Act, asserting the same Labor Code violations and seeking civil penalties and attorneys' fees. The case has been stayed pending arbitration