membership fee revenue, negatively impacting our results of operations.
We sell many products under our Kirkland Signature brand. Maintaining consistent product quality, competitive pricing, and availability of these products is essential to developing and maintaining member loyalty. These products also generally carry higher margins than national brand products and represent a growing portion of our overall sales. If the Kirkland Signature brand experiences a loss of member acceptance or confidence, our sales and gross margin results could be adversely affected.
Disruptions in merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction.
We depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots. We also rely upon processing, packaging, manufacturing and other facilities to support our business, which includes the production of certain private-label items. Although we believe that our operations are efficient, disruptions due to extreme weather, pandemics or other catastrophic events, labor issues, work stoppage, or other shipping problems may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise to and the operation of our warehouses, which could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our members. Our e-commerce operations depend heavily on logistics providers, both internal and external, and are negatively affected when services are unable to be provided in a timely fashion.
We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer tastes and preferences, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
It is difficult to consistently and successfully predict the products and services that our members will desire. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to identify timely or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and spending patterns including those related to resource efficiency, environmental protection, human rights, and the transition to a low-carbon economy could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. We sell a substantial amount of gasoline, the demand for which could be impacted by concerns and regulation about climate change.
If we are not successful at predicting our sales trends and adjusting our purchases accordingly, we may have excess inventory, which could result in additional markdowns, or we may experience out-of-stock positions and delivery delays, which could result in higher costs, both of which would reduce our operating performance. This could have an adverse effect on net sales, gross margin and operating income.
Availability and performance of our IT systems are vital to our business. Failure to