2022, the net reduction in sales was $
2,804
, $
2,576
, and $
2,307
.
The Company sells and otherwise provides proprietary shop cards that do not expire and are redeemable at the warehouse or online for merchandise or membership. Revenue from shop cards is recognized upon redemption, and estimated breakage is recognized based on redemption data. The Company accounts for outstanding shop card balances as a shop card liability, net of estimated breakage. Shop card liabilities are included in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
Citibank, N.A. is the exclusive issuer of co-branded credit cards to U.S. members. The Company receives various forms of consideration from Citibank, including a royalty on purchases made on the card outside of Costco. A portion of the royalty is used to fund the rebate that cardholders receive, after taking into consideration breakage, which is calculated based on rebate redemption data. The rebates are issued in February and expire on December 31. The Company also maintains co-branded credit card arrangements in Canada and certain other International subsidiaries.
Merchandise Costs
Merchandise costs consist of the purchase price or manufacturing costs of inventory sold, inbound and outbound shipping charges and all costs related to the Company’s depot, fulfillment and manufacturing operations, and are reduced by vendor consideration. Merchandise costs also include salaries, benefits, depreciation, and utilities in fresh foods departments and certain ancillary businesses.
47
Table of Contents
Vendor Consideration
The Company receives funds from vendors for discounts and a variety of other programs. These programs are evidenced by agreements that are reflected in the carrying value of the inventory when earned or as the Company progresses towards earning the rebate or discount, and as a component of merchandise costs as the merchandise is sold. Other vendor consideration is generally recorded as a reduction of merchandise costs upon completion of contractual milestones, agreement terms or another systematic approach.
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits and workers’ compensation costs for warehouse employees (other than fresh foods departments and certain ancillary businesses, which are reflected in merchandise costs) as well as all regional and home office employees, including buying personnel. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include substantially all building and equipment depreciation, stock compensation expense, credit and debit card processing fees, utilities, preopening, as well as other operating costs incurred to support warehouse and e-commerce operations.
Retirement Plans
The Company's 401(k) retirement plan is available to all U.S. employees over the age of 18 who have completed
90
days of employment. The plan allows participants to make wage deferral contributions, a portion of