The effective tax rate for the first half of 2025
was favorably impacted by discrete tax benefits of $100, primarily excess tax benefits related to stock compensation.
The effective tax rate for the first half of 2024 was favorably impacted by discrete tax benefits of $94 related to the portion of the special cash dividend payable through our 401(k) plan and $44 of excess tax benefits related to stock compensation.
24
Table of Contents
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The following table summarizes our significant sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents:
Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were $13,158 and $11,144 at February 16, 2025, and September 1, 2024. Of these balances, unsettled credit and debit card receivables represented approximately $2,292 and $2,519 at February 16, 2025, and September 1, 2024. These receivables generally settle within four days.
Material contractual obligations arising in the normal course of business primarily consist of purchase obligations, long-term debt and related interest payments, leases, and construction and land purchase obligations. Purchase obligations consist of contracts primarily related to merchandise, equipment, and third-party services, the majority of which are due in the next 12 months. Construction and land-purchase obligations consist of contracts primarily related to the development and opening of new and relocated warehouses, the majority of which (other than leases) are due in the next 12 months.
We believe that our cash and investment position and operating cash flow, with capacity under existing and available credit agreements, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future and our U.S. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our U.S. liquidity requirements.
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $6,008 in the first half of 2025, compared to $5,382 in the first half of 2024. Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily fr
om net sales and membership fees. Cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to mercha
ndise suppliers, warehouse operating costs, including wages and employee benefits, utilities, credit and debit card processing fees, and operating leases. Cash used in operations also includes payments for income taxes. Changes in our net investment in merchandise inventories (the difference between merchandise inventories and accounts payable) is impacted by several factors, including inventory levels and turnover, payment terms with suppliers, and early payments to obtain discounts.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities totaled $2,007 in the first half of 2025, compared to $1,752 in the first half of 2024, and is primarily related
to capital expenditures.
Net cash from