facilities, which are included in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, were immaterial at the end of the second quarter of 2025 and at the end of 2024.
We have letter of credit facilities, for commercial and standby letters of credit, totaling $220. The outstanding commitments under these facilities at the end of the second quarter of 2025 totaled $198, most of which were standby letters of credit that do not expire or have expiration dates within one year. The bank credit facilities have various expiration dates, most within one year, and we generally intend to renew these facilities. The amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit outstanding.
Critical Accounting Estimates
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires that we make estimates and judgments. We base these on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable. Our critical accounting policies are discussed in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended September 1, 2024. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting estimates previously disclosed in that Report.
26
Table of Contents
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
See discussion of Recent Accounting Pronouncements in
Note 1
to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Report.
Item 3—Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Our direct exposure to financial market risk results from fluctuations in foreign-currency exchange rates and interest rates. There have been no material changes to our market risks as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended September 1, 2024.
Item 4—Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and financial officers, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. The Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, with assistance from other members of management, have reviewed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of February 16, 2025, and, based on their evaluation, have concluded the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date.
Changes in Internal Control over