timing of the tariffs. The impact to our net sales and gross margin is influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to potential cost increases. Higher tariffs could adversely impact our results.
Prices of certain commodities, including gasoline and consumable goods used in manufacturing and our warehouse retail operations, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, inflationary pressures, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, taxes and periodic delays in delivery. Rapid and significant changes in commodity prices and our ability and desire to pass them through to our members may affect our sales and profit margins. These factors could also increase our merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our operations and financial results. General economic conditions can also be affected by events like the outbreak of hostilities or acts of terrorism.
Inflationary factors such as increases in merchandise costs may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to adjust prices to sufficiently offset the effect of cost increases without negatively impacting consumer demand.
Suppliers may be unable to timely supply us with quality merchandise at competitive prices or may fail to adhere to our high standards, resulting in adverse effects on our business, merchandise inventories, sales, and profit margins.
We depend heavily on our ability to purchase quality merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. As the quantities we require continue to grow, we have no assurances of continued supply, appropriate pricing or access to new products, and any supplier has the ability to change the terms upon which they sell to us or discontinue selling to us. Member demands may lead to out-of-stock positions causing a loss of sales and profits.
We buy from numerous domestic and foreign suppliers and importers. Our inability to acquire suitable merchandise on acceptable terms or the loss of key suppliers could negatively affect us. We may not be able to develop relationships with new suppliers, and products from alternative sources, if any, may be of a lesser quality or more expensive. Because of our efforts to adhere to high-quality standards for which available supply may be limited, particularly for certain food items, the large volumes we demand may not be consistently available. Our efforts to secure supply could lead to commitments that prove to be unsuccessful in the short and long-term.
Our suppliers (and those they depend upon for materials and services) are subject to risks, including labor disputes, union organizing activities, human and animal rights violations, financial liquidity, climate change, natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, environmental degradation, public health emergencies,