reviews of certain of our cybersecurity risk exposures, controls, and management actions. The full Board also receives cybersecurity evaluations from time to time.
Our information security organization is led by our CISO, who has over eighteen years of relevant experience, serving in leadership roles across the retail and technology sectors. The CISO is responsible for all aspects of our cybersecurity program, including cybersecurity engineering and architecture, cybersecurity operations, incident response, threat intelligence, identity and access management, cybersecurity risk and compliance, and vulnerability management. Our CISO reports to our Chief Information and Digital Officer (CIDO), who has more than thirty years' experience in which he has led global digital responsibilities, including leading global cyber teams. Our CIDO reports to the Chief Executive Officer.
Risks from Material Cybersecurity Threats
We and our third-party service and merchandise providers have experienced cybersecurity incidents and threats. Based on the information available as of the date of this Form 10-K, we are not aware of any risks from actual cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected us or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. It is possible that there have been intrusions into our systems that have not been identified by our controls and procedures and that might manifest in significant events at a later time. There can be no guarantee that the actions and controls we and our third-party service providers have implemented and are implementing will be sufficient to protect our systems, information or other property. See “Risk Factors” in
Item 1A
of this Form 10-K for more information on our cybersecurity-related risks.
Item 2—Properties
Warehouse Properties
At September 1, 2024, we operated 890 membership warehouses:
_______________
(1)
134 of the 187 leases are land-only leases, where Costco owns the building.
At the end of 2024, our warehouses contained approximately 130.9 million square feet of operating floor space: 91.1 million in the U.S.; 15.5 million in Canada; and 24.3 million in Other International. Total square feet associated with distribution and logistics facilities were approximately 31.9 million. Additionally, we operate various processing, packaging, manufacturing and other facilities to support our business, which includes the production of certain private-label items.
19
Table of Contents
Item 3—Legal Proceedings
See discussion of Legal Proceedings in
Note 10
to the consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8
of this Report.
Item 4—Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
PART II
Item 5—Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information and Dividend Policy
Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “COST.” On October 1,