financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
33
Table of Contents
Evaluation of workers' compensation self-insurance liabilities
As discussed in
Note 1
to the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates its self-insurance liabilities by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. The estimated self-insurance liabilities as of September 1, 2024, were $1,612 million, a portion of which related to workers’ compensation self-insurance liabilities for the United States operations.
We identified the evaluation of the Company’s workers’ compensation self-insurance liabilities for the United States operations as a critical audit matter because of the extent of specialized skill and knowledge needed to evaluate the underlying assumptions and judgments made by the Company in the actuarial models. Specifically, subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the Company's selected loss rates and initial expected losses used in the actuarial models.
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s self-insurance workers' compensation process. This included controls related to the development and selection of the assumptions listed above used in the actuarial calculation and review of the actuarial report. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in:
•
Assessing the actuarial models used by the Company for consistency with generally accepted actuarial standards
•
Evaluating the Company’s ability to estimate self-insurance workers' compensation liabilities by comparing its historical estimates with actual incurred losses and paid losses
•
Evaluating the above listed assumptions underlying the Company’s actuarial estimates by developing an independent expectation of the self-insurance workers' compensation liabilities and comparing them to the amounts recorded by the Company.
/s/ KPMG LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2002.
Seattle, Washington
October 8, 2024
34
Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
Costco Wholesale Corporation:
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited Costco Wholesale Corporation and
subsidiaries
’
(the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of September 1, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 1,