vendor rebates when earned or as the Company progresses towards earning those rebates, provided that they are probable and reasonably estimable.
Property and Equipment, Net
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization expense is computed primarily using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives. Leasehold improvements made after the beginning of the initial lease term are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining term of the initial lease plus any renewals that are reasonably certain at the date the leasehold improvements are made.
The Company capitalizes certain computer software and costs incurred in developing or obtaining software for internal use. During development, these costs are included in construction in progress. To the
43
Table of Contents
extent that the assets become ready for their intended use, these costs are included in equipment and fixtures and amortized on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives.
Repair and maintenance costs are expensed when incurred. Expenditures for remodels, refurbishments and improvements that add to or change asset function or useful life are capitalized. Assets removed during the remodel, refurbishment or improvement are retired. Assets classified as held-for-sale at the end of 2024 and 2023 were immaterial.
The following table summarizes the Company's property and equipment balances at the end of 2024 and 2023:
The Company evaluates long-lived assets for impairment on an annual basis, when relocating or closing a facility, or when events or changes in circumstances may indicate that the carrying amount of the asset group, generally an individual warehouse, may not be fully recoverable. For asset groups held and used, including warehouses to be relocated, the carrying value of the asset group is considered recoverable when the estimated future undiscounted cash flows generated from the use and eventual disposition of the asset group exceed the respective carrying value. In the event that the carrying value is not considered recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for the asset group to be held and used equal to the excess of the carrying value above the estimated fair value of the asset group. For asset groups classified as held-for-sale (disposal group), the carrying value is compared to the disposal group’s fair value less costs to sell. The Company estimates fair value by obtaining market appraisals from third party brokers or using other valuation techniques. Impairment charges recognized in 2024 and 2023 were immaterial. In 2022, the Company recognized a write-off of $
118
for information technology assets, which is reflected in SG&A.
Leases
The Company leases land, buildings, and/or equipment at warehouses and certain other office and distribution facilities. Leases generally contain one or more of the following options, which the Company can exercise at the end of the initial term: (a) renew the