information becomes known. In the event the Company leaves the reinsurance program, the Company retains its primary obligation to the participants for prior activity.
Derivatives
The Company is exposed to foreign-currency exchange-rate fluctuations in the normal course of business. It manages these fluctuations, in part, through the use of forward foreign-exchange contracts, seeking to economically hedge the impact of fluctuations of foreign exchange on known future expenditures denominated in a non-functional foreign-currency. The contracts relate primarily to U.S. dollar merchandise inventory expenditures made by the Company’s international subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Currently, these contracts do not qualify for derivative hedge accounting. The Company seeks to mitigate risk with the use of these contracts and does not intend to engage in speculative transactions. Some of these contracts contain credit-risk-related contingent features that require settlement of outstanding contracts upon certain triggering events. The aggregate fair value amounts of derivative instruments in a net liability position and the amount needed to settle the instruments immediately if the credit-risk-related contingent features were triggered were immaterial at the end of 2024 and 2023. The aggregate notional amounts of open, unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts were $
1,212
and $
1,068
at the end of 2024 and 2023. See
Note 3
for information on the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts at the end of 2024 and 2023.
The unrealized gains or losses recognized in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of income relating to the net changes in the fair value of unsettled forward foreign-exchange contracts were immaterial in
2024,
2023 and 2022.
The Company is exposed to fluctuations in prices for energy, particularly electricity and natural gas, and other commodity products used in retail and manufacturing operations, which it seeks to partially mitigate through the use of fixed-price contracts for certain of its warehouses and other facilities, primarily in the U.S. and Canada. The Company also enters into variable-priced contracts for some purchases of natural gas, in addition to fuel for its gas stations, on an index basis. These contracts meet the characteristics of derivative instruments, but generally qualify for the “normal purchases and normal sales” exception under authoritative guidance and require no mark-to-market adjustment.
Foreign Currency
The functional currencies of the Company’s international subsidiaries are their local currencies. Assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Revenues and expenses of the Company’s consolidated foreign operations are translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the year.
The