supply constraints and general economic and political conditions and other risks similar to those we face that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable merchandise. One or more of our suppliers might not adhere to our quality control, packaging, legal, regulatory, labor, human rights, environmental or animal welfare standards. These deficiencies may delay or preclude delivery of merchandise to us and might not be identified before we sell such merchandise to our members. This
14
Table of Contents
failure could lead to recalls and litigation and otherwise damage our reputation and our brands, increase costs, and otherwise adversely impact our business.
Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
During 2024, our international operations, including Canada, generated 28% and 33% of our net sales and operating income. Our international operations have accounted for an increasing portion of our warehouses, and we plan to continue international growth. To prepare our consolidated financial statements, we translate the financial statements of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars using current exchange rates. Future fluctuations in exchange rates that are unfavorable to us may adversely affect the financial performance of our Canadian and Other International operations and have a corresponding adverse period-over-period effect on our results of operations. As we continue to expand internationally, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may increase.
A portion of the products we purchase is paid for in a currency other than the local currency of the country in which the goods are sold. Currency fluctuations may increase our merchandise costs and may not be passed on to members and thus may adversely affect our results of operations.
Natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, or other catastrophic events could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, including those impacted by climate change, such as extreme temperatures, hurricanes, typhoons, floods, earthquakes, wildfires, droughts; acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; and energy shortages; particularly in California or Washington state, where our centralized operating systems and administrative personnel are located, could negatively affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to our properties, additional heating, cooling, and refrigeration costs, limitations on store operating hours, less frequent visits by members to physical locations, the temporary closure of warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, the temporary lack of an adequate work force, disruptions to our IT systems, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local or overseas suppliers, the temporary