2024, we had 10,471 stockholders of record.
Payment of dividends is subject to declaration by the Board of Directors. Factors considered in determining dividends include our profitability and expected capital needs. Subject to these qualifications, we presently expect to continue to pay dividends on a quarterly basis.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The following table sets forth information on our common stock repurchase activity for the fourth quarter of 2024 (dollars in millions, except per share data):
_______________
(1)
Our share repurchase program is conducted under a $4,000 authorization approved by our Board of Directors in January 2023, which expires in January 2027.
Performance Graph
The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return assuming reinvestment of dividends on an investment of $100 in Costco common stock, S&P 500 Index, and the S&P Retail Select Index over the five years from September 1, 2019, through September 1, 2024. The S&P Retail Select Index comprises stocks in the S&P Total Market Index that are classified in the GICS Apparel Retail, Automotive Retail, Broadline Retail, Computer & Electronic Retail, Consumer Staples Merchandise Retail, Drug Retail, Food Retailers and Other Specialty Retail sub-industries.
20
Table of Contents
The following graph provides information concerning average sales per warehouse over a 10-year period.
Item 6—Reserved
21
Table of Contents
Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations
(amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data)
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) is intended to promote understanding of the results of operations and financial condition. MD&A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying Notes to Financial Statements (Part II,
Item 8
of this Form 10-K). This section generally discusses the results of operations for 2024 compared to 2023. For discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial condition for 2023 compared to 2022 refer to Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our fiscal year 2023 Form 10-K, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on October 11, 2023.
Overview
We believe that the most important driver of our profitability is increasing net sales, particularly comparable sales. Net sales includes our core merchandise categories (foods and sundries, non-foods, and fresh foods), warehouse ancillary (gasoline, pharmacy, optical, food court, hearing aids, and tire installation) and other businesses (e-commerce, business centers, travel and other). E-commerce and business center sales are allocated to the appropriate merchandise categories in the Net Sales discussion. Comparable sales is