profitability.
More stringent fuel economy standards, changing public policies aimed at increasing the adoption of zero-emission and alternative fuel vehicles, and other regulations related to climate change may affect our future operations, adversely impact certain elements of our profitability, and require significant capital expenditures.
Failure or perceived failure to meet our ESG goals or expectations set by growing public interest and government regulation of ESG topics could result in reputational harm or adversely affect our business
Costco has set public targets and disclosed intentions for future action regarding sustainability. There are dependencies outside of our control impacting our ability to meet our goals, including but not limited to: economic conditions, ability to access technology at an appropriate cost or scale, the ability to procure sufficient clean energy at competitive market rates to meet future operational and supplier needs, unforeseen operational and implementation challenges, termination or contraction of policies or systems which support our capital investments, and collaboration with third parties. We may not make adequate and timely investments or successfully implement strategies that will effectively achieve our sustainability-related goals, which could lead to reputational harm with members and other stakeholders.
17
Table of Contents
We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits and some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our business requires compliance with many laws and regulations. Failure to achieve compliance could subject us to lawsuits and other proceedings and lead to damage awards, fines, penalties, and remediation costs. We are or may become involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits, including grand jury investigations, government and agency investigations, and consumer, employment, tort, unclaimed property laws, and other litigation. We cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these proceedings and other contingencies, including environmental remediation and other proceedings commenced by governmental authorities. The outcome of some of these proceedings, audits, unclaimed property laws, and other contingencies could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money, adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management
'
s attention and resources.
Item 1B—Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C—Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Global Strategy
We have implemented processes, technologies, and controls to seek to assess, identify, and manage risks associated with cybersecurity threats. Management considers cybersecurity risks within our overall approach to