Discounts, premiums and debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan. The estimated fair value of the Company's long-term debt is based primarily on reported market values, recently completed market transactions, and estimates based upon interest rates, maturities, and credit.
42
Table of Contents
Receivables, Net
Receivables consist primarily of vendor, reinsurance, credit card incentive, third-party pharmacy and other receivables. Vendor receivables include discounts and volume rebates. Balances are generally presented on a gross basis, separate from any related payable due. In certain circumstances, these receivables may be settled against the related payable to that vendor, in which case the receivables are presented on a net basis. Reinsurance receivables are held by the Company’s wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and primarily represent amounts ceded through reinsurance arrangements gross of the amounts assumed under reinsurance, which are presented within other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Credit card incentive receivables primarily represent amounts earned under co-branded credit card arrangements. Third-party pharmacy receivables generally relate to amounts due from members’ insurers. Other receivables primarily consist of amounts due from governmental entities, mostly tax-related items.
The valuation allowance related to receivables was immaterial to the Company's consolidated financial statements at the end of 2024 and 2023.
Merchandise Inventories
Merchandise inventories consist of the following:
Merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. U.S. merchandise inventories are valued by the cost method of accounting, using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) basis. The Company believes the LIFO method more fairly presents the results of operations by more closely matching current costs with current revenues. The Company records an adjustment each quarter, if necessary, for the projected annual effect of inflation or deflation, and these estimates are adjusted to actual results determined at year-end, after actual inflation or deflation rates and inventory levels have been determined. An immaterial LIFO benefit was recorded in 2024 and an immaterial charge was recorded in 2023. Due to inflation in 2022, a $
438
charge was recorded to merchandise costs to increase the cumulative LIFO valuation on merchandise inventories at August 28, 2022. Canadian and Other International merchandise inventories are predominantly valued using the cost and retail inventory methods, respectively, using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis.
The Company initially provides for estimated inventory losses between physical inventory counts using estimates based on experience. The provision is adjusted periodically to reflect physical inventory counts, which generally occur in the second and fourth fiscal quarters. Inventory cost, where appropriate, is reduced by estimates of