producers of brand-name merchandise. We do not obtain a significant portion of merchandise from any one supplier. When sources of supply become unavailable, we seek alternatives. To ensure sufficient product supply for future growth, we pursue diversification in our supply-chain management and seek to expand in-country production. We also purchase and manufacture private-label merchandise, as long as quality and member demand are high and the value to our members is significant.
Certain financial information for our segments and geographic areas is included in
Note 11
to the consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8
of this Report.
Membership
Our members may utilize their memberships at all of our warehouses and e-commerce sites. Gold Star memberships are available to individuals; Business memberships are limited to businesses, including individuals with a business license, retail sales license, or comparable document. Business members may add additional cardholders (affiliates), to which the same annual fee applies. Affiliates are not available for Gold Star members. During fiscal 2024, our annual fee for these memberships was $60 in the U.S. and varies in other countries. All paid memberships include a free household card.
Paid members (except affiliates) were eligible to upgrade to an Executive membership in the U.S., for an additional annual fee of $60. Executive memberships are also available in Canada, Mexico, the U.K., Japan, Korea, Taiwan, and Australia, for which the additional fee varies. Executive members earn a 2% reward on qualified purchases (generally up to a maximum reward of $1,000 per year), redeemable at Costco warehouses. The sales penetration of Executive members represented approximately 73.3% of worldwide net sales in 2024.
Our member renewal rate was 92.9% in the U.S. and Canada and 90.5% worldwide at the end of 2024. The majority of members renew within six months following their renewal date. Our renewal rate, which excludes affiliates of Business members, is a trailing calculation that captures renewals during the period seven to eighteen months prior to the reporting date. Our membership counts include active memberships as well as memberships that have not renewed within the 12 months prior to the reporting date.
Our membership was made up of the following (in thousands):
_______________
(1)
Executive members represented 35,400, 32,300, and 29,100 of total paid members in 2024, 2023, and 2022.
Effective September 1, 2024, we increased our membership fees in the U.S. and Canada for Gold Star, Business, and Business affiliates to $65 per year. The Executive membership fee increased from $120 to $130 (membership fee of $65, plus Executive upgrade of $65), and the maximum annual 2% reward associated with the Executive Membership increased from $1,000 to $1,250.
5
Table of Contents
Human Capital
“Take Care of Our Employees,” is a key component of our code of ethics and is fundamental to our commitment to “Take