renewal rate, which excludes affiliates of Business members, is a trailing calculation that captures renewals during the period seven to eighteen months prior to the reporting date.
As previously reported, we increased our annual membership fees in the U.S. and Canada, effective September 1, 2024. We account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. The recent membership fee increase contributed approximately 3% of membership fee revenue during the second quarter of 2025.
Gross Margin
Quarterly Results
Gross margin percentage increased five basis points. Excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales, gross margin percentage was 10.84%, an increase of four basis points. Gross margin percentage from w
arehouse ancillary and other businesses was flat, primarily due to an increase in e-commerce, partially offset by a decrease in our gasoline
business. The LIFO impact was flat quarter over quarter. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar negatively impacted gross margin by approximately $135, compared to the second quarter of 2024, attributable to our Other International and Canadian operations.
The gross margin in core merchandise categories, when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales), decreased eight basis points. The decrease was primarily due to increased supply chain costs to support higher inventory levels and certain mix changes in our non-food categories. This measure eliminates the impact of changes in sales penetration and gross margin from our warehouse ancillary and other businesses.
Gross margin percentage on a segment basis, when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales and excluding the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales (segment gross margin
22
Table of Contents
percentage), increased in our U.S. segment, which performed similarly to the consolidated results above. Our Canadian segment gross margin percentage decreased, primarily due to decreases in core merchandise categories, partially offset by warehouse ancillary and other businesses. Gross margin decreased in our Other International segment, primarily due to decreases in core merchandise categories.
Year-to-date Results
Gross margin percentage increased 14 basis points. Excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales,
gross margin percentage was 10.98%, an increase of six basis points. This increase was positively impacted by 14 basis points in our core merchandise categories, primarily due to our co-branded credit card program. This increase was partially offset by eight basis points due to warehouse ancillary and other businesses, primarily gasoline, partially offset by e-commerce
. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar negatively impacted gross margin by approximately $158, compared to the first half of 2024, attributable to our Other International and Canadian operations.
The