performance depends heavily on controlling costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly health care and utility expenses. With respect to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. Rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover, increasing productivity and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. This may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. Because our business operates on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the consolidated statements of income, particularly merchandise costs and SG&A expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income.
Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canadian, and Other International operating segments (see
Note 9
to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Report). Certain operations in the Other International segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wage and benefit costs as a percentage of sales, less or no direct membership warehouse competition, or lack e-commerce or business delivery.
In discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which are differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars. This impact is calculated based on the difference between the current and prior period's exchange rates. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current and prior period's average price per gallon. Results expressed excluding the impacts of foreign-exchange and gasoline prices are intended as supplemental information and are not a substitute for net sales presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should be reviewed in conjunction with results reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to the second quarter of 2025 and 2024 relate to the 12-week fiscal quarters ended February 16, 2025, and February 18, 2024. References to the first half of 2025 and 2024 relate to the 24 weeks ended February 16, 2025, and February 18, 2024. Certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding.
Highlights for the second quarter of 2025 versus 2024 include:
•
Net sales increased 9% to $62,530, driven by an increase in comparable sales and sales at 23 net new warehouses opened since the end of the second quarter of 2024;
•
Membership fee revenue increased 7% to $1,193, primarily driven by new member sign-ups and membership fee