The Company is evaluating both standards
.
49
Table of Contents
Note 2—Investments
The Company’s investments were as follows:
Gross unrecognized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities were immaterial for the years ended September 1, 2024, and September 3, 2023. At those dates, there were no available-for-sale securities in a material continuous unrealized-loss position. There were no sales of available-for-sale securities during 2024 or 2023.
The maturities of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities at the end of 2024 are as follows:
Note 3—Fair Value Measurement
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
The table below presents information regarding the Company’s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicate the level within the hierarchy reflecting the valuation techniques utilized to determine such fair value.
____________
(1)
The asset and the liability values are included in other current assets and other current liabilities, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets.
50
Table of Contents
At September 1, 2024, and September 3, 2023, the Company did not hold any Level 1 or 3 financial assets or liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis. There were no transfers between levels during 2024 or 2023.
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
Assets and liabilities recognized and disclosed at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include items such as financial assets measured at amortized cost and long-lived nonfinancial assets. These assets are measured at fair value if determined to be impaired. There were no material fair value adjustments to these items during 2024. Please see
Note 1
for additional information.
Note 4—Debt
Short-Term Borrowings
The Company maintains various short-term bank credit facilities, with a borrowing capacity of $
1,198
and $
1,234
,
in 2024 and 2023. Short-term borrowings outstanding were immaterial at the end of 2024 and 2023.
Long-Term Debt
The Company's long-term debt consists primarily of Senior Notes, described below. The Company at its option may redeem the Senior Notes at any time, in whole or in part, at a redemption price plus accrued interest. The redemption price is equal to the greater of
100
% of the principal amount or the sum of the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity. Additionally, upon certain events, a holder has the right to require a repurchase at a price of
101
% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. Interest on all outstanding long-term debt is payable semi-annually. The estimated fair value of Senior Notes is valued using Level 2 inputs.
Other long-term debt consists of Guaranteed Senior Notes issued by the Company's Japanese subsidiary, valued using Level 3 inputs. In November 2023, the Company’s Japan subsidiary issued four Guaranteed Senior Notes, totaling