our independent registered public accounting firm, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is included with the consolidated financial statements in
Item 8
of this Report.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
63
Table of Contents
Item 9B—Other Information
During the fiscal quarter ended September 1, 2024, no director or officer of the Company
adopted
or
terminated
a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K.
Item 9C—Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not Applicable.
PART III
Item 10—Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Information relating to the availability of our code of ethics for senior financial officers and a list of our executive officers appear in Part I,
Item 1
of this Report. The information required by this Item concerning our directors and nominees for director is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled “Proposal 1: Election of Directors,” “Directors” and “Committees of the Board” in Costco’s Proxy Statement for its 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year (“Proxy Statement”). We have
adopted an Insider Trading Policy
governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers and employees that is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and any applicable listing standards. A copy of our policy is filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit 19.1.
Item 11—Executive Compensation
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled “Compensation of Directors,” “Executive Compensation,” and “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” in Costco’s Proxy Statement.
Item 12—Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled “Principal Shareholders” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in Costco’s Proxy Statement.
Item 13—Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled “Proposal 1: Election of Directors,” “Directors,” “Committees of the Board,” “Shareholder Communications to the Board,” “Meeting Attendance,” “Report of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors,” “Certain Relationships and Transactions” and “Report of the Audit Committee”