lease for a defined number of years at the then-fair market rental rate or rate stipulated in the lease agreement; (b) purchase the property at the then-fair market value or purchase price stated in the agreement; (c) a right of first refusal in the event of a third-party offer; or (d) a right of first offer if the landlord intends to sell.
Some leases include free-rent periods and step-rent provisions, which are recognized on a straight-line basis over the original term of the lease and any extension options that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise from the date the Company has control of the property. Certain leases provide for periodic rent increases based on price indices or the greater of minimum guaranteed amounts or sales volume, which are recognized as variable lease payments. The Company's leases do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.
The Company determines at inception whether a contract is or contains a lease. Non-lease components and the lease components to which they relate are accounted for together as a single lease component for all asset classes. The Company initially records right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease obligations for its
44
Table of Contents
finance and operating leases based on the discounted future minimum lease payments over the term. The lease term is defined as the noncancelable period of the lease plus any options to extend when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. As the rate implicit in the Company's leases is not easily determinable, the present value of the sum of the lease payments is calculated using the Company's incremental borrowing rate. The rate is determined using a portfolio approach based on the rate of interest the Company would pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over a similar term. The Company uses quoted interest rates from financial institutions to derive the incremental borrowing rate. Impairment of ROU assets is evaluated in a similar manner as described in Property and Equipment, Net above. During 2023, the Company recognized charges totaling $
391
, primarily related to the impairment of certain leased assets associated with charter shipping activities. This charge is included in merchandise costs.
The Company's asset retirement obligations (ARO) primarily relate to leasehold improvements that must be removed at the end of a lease. These obligations are generally recorded as a discounted liability, with an offsetting asset at the inception of the lease term, based upon the estimated fair value of the costs to remove the improvements. These liabilities are accreted over time to the projected future value of the obligation. The ARO assets are depreciated using the same depreciation method as the leasehold improvement assets and are included in buildings and improvements. Estimated ARO liabilities associated with these leases are included in other liabilities in