(gross margin percentage) in the near term.
22
Table of Contents
We believe our gasoline business enhances traffic in our warehouses; it generally has a lower gross margin percentage and lower SG&A expense relative to our non-gasoline businesses. A higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. Generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales. A decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect.
Government actions in various countries relating to tariffs, particularly China and the United States, have affected the costs of some of our merchandise. The degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. Higher tariffs could adversely impact our results.
We also achieve net sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. Negative aspects of such growth include lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets. Our rate of square footage growth is generally higher in foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue. Our e-commerce business, domestically and internationally, has a lower gross-margin percentage than our warehouse operations.
The membership format is an integral part of our business and profitability. This format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of Executive memberships, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our paid-membership growth rate may be adversely impacted when warehouse openings occur in existing markets as compared to new markets. Our worldwide renewal rate may be adversely impacted by lower renewal rates in newer markets.
Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly health care and utility expenses. With respect to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. Rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover, increasing productivity and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. This may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. Because our business operates on very low