which the Company matches. In addition, the Company provides each eligible participant an annual discretionary contribution. The Company also has a defined contribution plan for employees in Canada and contributes a percentage of each employee's wages. Certain subsidiaries in the Company's Other International operations have defined benefit and defined contribution plans, which are immaterial. Amounts expensed under all plans were $
963
, $
914
, and $
824
for 2024, 2023, and 2022, and are predominantly included in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of income.
Stock-Based Compensation
The Company grants stock-based compensation, primarily to employees and non-employee directors. Grants to executive officers are generally performance-based. Through a series of shareholder approvals, there have been amended and restated plans and new provisions implemented by the Company. Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) granted to employees and to non-employee directors generally vest over
five
years and
three
years and are subject to quarterly vesting in the event of retirement or voluntary termination. Employees who attain at least
25
years of service with the Company and non-employee directors with five or more years receive shares under accelerated vesting provisions. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur.
Compensation expense for awards is predominantly recognized using the straight-line method over the requisite service period for the entire award. The terms of the RSUs, including performance-based awards, provide for accelerated vesting for employees and non-employee directors. Recipients are not entitled to vote or receive dividends on unvested and undelivered shares. Compensation expense for the accelerated shares is recognized upon achievement of the long-service term. The cumulative amount of compensation cost recognized at any point in time equals at least the portion of the grant-date fair value of the award that is vested at that date. The fair value of RSUs is calculated as the market value of the common stock on the measurement date less the present value of the expected dividends forgone during the vesting period.
Stock-based compensation expense is predominantly included in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of income. Certain stock-based compensation costs are capitalized or included in the cost of merchandise. See
Note 7
for additional information.
48
Table of Contents
Income Taxes
The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributed to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their tax bases, credits and loss carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on