shares of common stock, at an average price per share of $695.29 and $504.68, totaling approximately $698 and $677. These amounts may differ from the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows due to changes in unsettled repurchases at the end of each fiscal year. Purchases are made from time to time, as conditions warrant, in the open market or in block purchases, pursuant to plans under SEC Rule 10b5-1. Repurchased shares are retired, in accordance with the Washington Business Corporation Act. The remaining amount available to be purchased under our approved plan was $2,865 at the end of 2024.
Bank Credit Facilities and Commercial Paper Programs
We maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. At September 1, 2024, we had borrowing capacity under these facilities of $1,198. Our international operations maintain $710 of this capacity under bank credit facilities, of which $167 is guaranteed by the Company. Short-term borrowings outstanding under the bank credit facilities, which are included in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, were immaterial at the end of 2024 and 2023.
We have letter of credit facilities, for commercial and standby letters of credit, totaling $214. The outstanding commitments under these facilities at the end of 2024 totaled $193, most of which were standby letters of credit that do not expire or have expiration dates within one year. The bank credit facilities have various expiration dates, most within one year, and we generally intend to renew these facilities. The amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit outstanding.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
In the opinion of management, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition or financial statements.
29
Table of Contents
Critical Accounting Estimates
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, and we continue to review and evaluate these estimates. For further information on significant accounting policies, see discussion in
Note 1
to the consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8
of this Report.
Insurance/Self-insurance Liabilities
Claims for employee health-care benefits, workers’ compensation, general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance.