margin percentage increased 35 basis points. Excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales, gross margin percentage was 10.88%, an increase of 31 basis points. This increase was positively impacted by: 19 basis points due to warehouse ancillary and other businesses, primarily e-commerce and gasoline; 16 basis points due to the absence of charges related to the discontinuation of our charter shipping activities that were recorded in the first and third quarters of 2023; and three basis points due to a LIFO benefit. This increase was partially offset by four basis points in our core merchandise categories and three basis points due to increased 2% rewards.
The gross margin in core merchandise categories, when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales), increased 11 basis points. The increase was primarily due to non-foods, partially offset by fresh foods and foods and sundries. This measure eliminates the impact of changes in sales penetration and gross margins from our warehouse ancillary and other businesses.
Gross margin on a segment basis, when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales and excluding the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales (segment gross margin percentage),
increased in our U.S. and Canadian segments. Our U.S. segment performed similarly to the consolidated results above. Our Canadian segment gross margin percentage increased, primarily due to increases in core merchandise categories and warehouse ancillary and other businesses, partially offset by increased 2% rewards. Gross margin percentage decreased in our Other International segment, primarily due to increased 2% rewards and a decrease in core merchandise categories.
26
Table of Contents
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales increased six basis points compared to 2023. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation was 9.10%, an increase of two basis points. The comparison to last year was negatively impacted by two basis points in warehouse operations and other businesses, driven by our U.S. operations, which included the impact of wage increases in March and September 2023, and July 2024, partially offset by sales leverage and improved productivity. SG&A expenses as percentage of net sales were lower in our Canadian and Other International operations.
Interest Expense
Interest expense is primarily related to Senior Notes and financing leases. For more information on our debt arrangements, refer to the consolidated financial statements included in
Item 8
of this Report.
Interest Income and Other, Net
The increase in interest income in 2024 was due to higher global interest rates. Foreign-currency transaction gains, net, include revaluation or settlement of monetary assets and liabilities by our Canadian and Other International operations and mark-to-market adjustments for forward foreign-exchange