action under PAGA against the Company, alleging claims for penalties for alleged violations of the California Labor Code regarding: off-the-clock work, incorrect and untimely payment of wages. Nader v. Costco (No. CV-24-006198; Stanislaus County Superior Court). An
14
Table of Contents
amended complaint was filed in November 2024. In February 2025 the court granted the Company’s motion to strike portions of the complaint; the plaintiff has permission to file a further amended complaint.
Beginning in December 2017, the United States Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation consolidated numerous cases concerning the impacts of opioid abuses filed against various defendants by counties, cities, hospitals, Native American tribes, third-party payors, and others. In re National Prescription Opiate Litigation (MDL No. 2804) (N.D. Ohio). Included are cases filed against the Company by counties and cities in Michigan, New Jersey, Oregon, Virginia and South Carolina, a third-party payor in Ohio, and a hospital in Texas, class actions filed on behalf of infants born with opioid-related medical conditions in 40 states, and class actions and individual actions filed on behalf of individuals seeking to recover alleged increased insurance costs associated with opioid abuse in 43 states and American Samoa. Claims against the Company filed in federal court outside the MDL by one county in Georgia are pending, and claims filed by certain cities and counties in New York are pending in state court, as are claims by certain county district attorneys in Pennsylvania. Claims against the Company in state courts in New Jersey, Oklahoma, Utah, and Arizona have been dismissed. Claims against the Company in federal court in Georgia and Florida have been dismissed. The Company is defending all of the pending matters except for a small number being resolved for immaterial amounts.
Between September 25 and October 31, 2023, five class action suits were filed against the Company alleging privacy law violations stemming from pixel trackers on Costco.com: Birdwell v. Costco Wholesale Corp., No. T23-1405, Contra Costa County Superior Court; and Scott v. Costco Wholesale Corp., No. 2:23-cv-08808 (C.D. Cal.), now consolidated with R.S. v. Costco Wholesale Corp., No. 2:23-cv-01628 (W.D. Wash.); Groves, et ano., v. Costco Wholesale Corp., No. 2:23-cv-01662 (W.D. Wash.), and Castillo v. Costco Wholesale Corp., under No. 2:34-cv-01548 (W.D. Wash.). The Castillo plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint on January 26, 2024, which seeks damages, equitable relief and attorneys’ fees under various statutes, including the Washington Consumer Protection Act, Washington Privacy Act, Washington Uniform Health Care Information Act, Electronic Communications Privacy Act, California Invasion of Privacy Act, and California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act. The consolidated complaint also alleges breach of implied contract, invasion of privacy, conversion, and unjust enrichment. The