by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to cost increases. Those strategies can include, but are not limited to, working with our suppliers to share in absorbing cost increases, earlier-than-usual purchasing and in greater volumes, as well as passing cost increases on to our members. Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, negatively impacting gross margin and gross margin as a percentage of net sales (gross margin percentage) in the near term. Our e-commerce business, domestically and internationally, has a lower gross-margin percentage than our warehouse operations.
We believe our gasoline business enhances traffic in our warehouses; it generally has a lower gross margin percentage and lower SG&A expense relative to our non-gasoline businesses. A higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. Generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales. A decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect.
Government actions in various countries relating to tariffs, particularly China, Mexico, Canada and the United States, affect the costs of some of our merchandise. The degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. Higher tariffs are more likely to adversely impact rather than improve our results.
We also achieve net sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. Negative aspects of such growth include lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets. Our rate of square footage growth is generally higher in many of our foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue.
19
Table of Contents
The membership format is an integral part of our business and profitability. This format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of Executive memberships, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our paid-membership growth rate may be adversely impacted when warehouse openings occur in existing markets as compared to new markets. Our worldwide renewal rate may be adversely impacted by memberships in newer international markets and a higher penetration of memberships sold online, both of which typically renew at a lower rate.
Our financial