Care of Our Members.” We must also carefully control our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses, so that we can sell high quality goods and services at low prices. Compensation and benefits for employees is our largest expense after the cost of merchandise and is carefully monitored.
Employee Base
At the end of 2024, we employed 333,000 employees worldwide. Approximately 95% are employed in our membership warehouses and distribution channels. Approximately 5% are represented by unions. We also utilize seasonal employees.
The total number of employees by segment was:
Growth and Engagement
We believe that our warehouses are among the most productive in the retail industry, owing largely to the commitment and efficiency of our employees. We seek to provide them not merely with employment but careers. Many attributes of our business contribute to the objective. The more significant include: competitive compensation and benefits; a commitment to employee development and promoting from within; and a target ratio of at least 50% of our employee base being full-time employees. These attributes contribute to what we consider, especially for the industry, a high retention rate. In 2024, in the U.S. and Canada that rate was approximately 93% for employees who have been with us for at least one year.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The commitment to “Take Care of Our Employees” includes promoting diversity, equity and inclusion and creating an inclusive and respectful workplace. We strive for an environment where all employees feel that they belong, are accepted, included, respected and supported because of whom they are individually. We demonstrate leadership commitment to equity through consistent communication, employee development and education, support of diversity and inclusion initiatives within the organization, community involvement, and supplier inclusion. Costco continues its efforts to develop future leaders, including through our supervisor in training (SIT) programs in the U.S. and Canada. In 2024, over 7,500 hourly employees completed the 6-week course.
Well Being
Costco strives to provide our employees with competitive wages and excellent benefits. In July 2024, we increased the starting wage to at least $19.50 for all entry-level positions in the U.S. and Canada. We also increased the top of wage scales by $1 per hour, and increased all other steps of the wage scales by $0.50 per hour, bringing our average hourly rate at the end of 2024 for hourly employees in the U.S. to approximately $31 per hour. We continue to offer expansive benefits in the U.S. that provide physical, emotional and financial well-being support for employees and their dependents at little cost to our employees. Costco remains committed to protecting the health and safety of our members and employees and to serving our communities.
6
Table of Contents
For more detailed information regarding our programs and initiatives, see “Employees” within our