agencies.
60
Table of Contents
On June 20, 2024, a class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and Nice-Pak Products, Inc., alleging that Kirkland Signature Fragrance Free Baby Wipes contain 3.7 parts per billion of per-and polyfluoroalkyl substances. The complaint alleges that the label claim that the wipes are “made with naturally derived ingredients” thus violates various state consumer protection and false advertising laws. The complaint seeks unspecified damages, including punitive damages, as well as equitable relief and attorneys’ fees and costs. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss on August 9, 2024. Bullard, et ano., v. Costco Wholesale Corp., et ano., No. 3:24-cv-03714 (N.D. Cal.).
In January 2023 the Company received a Civil Investigative Demand from the U.S. Attorney's Office, Western District of Washington, requesting documents. The government is conducting a False Claims Act investigation concerning whether the Company presented or caused to be presented to the federal government for payment false claims relating to prescription medications.
In May 2024 the Company received a Notice of Intent to File Administrative Complaint for Violations of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. The EPA is seeking administrative fines for importation, sale and distribution of misbranded devices and unregistered products the government asserts are pesticides under FIFRA.
The Company does not believe that any pending claim, proceeding or litigation, either alone or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows; it is possible that an unfavorable outcome of some or all of the matters, however unlikely, could result in a charge that might be material to the results of an individual fiscal quarter or year.
61
Table of Contents
Note 11—Segment Reporting
The Company is principally engaged in the operation of membership warehouses through wholly owned subsidiaries in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Japan, the U.K., Korea, Australia, Taiwan, China, Spain, France, Iceland, New Zealand, and Sweden. Reportable segments are largely based on management’s organization of the operating segments for operational decisions and assessments of financial performance, which considers geographic locations. The material accounting policies of the segments are as described in
Note 1
. Inter-segment net sales and expenses have been eliminated in computing total revenue and operating income.
The following table provides information for the Company's reportable segments:
Disaggregated Revenue
The following table summarizes net sales by merchandise category; sales from e-commerce sites and business centers have been allocated to the applicable merchandise categories:
62
Table of Contents
Item 9—Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A—Controls and Procedures