which would reduce our revenue. Our business and reputation would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable.
For many of our offerings, our production environment and customers’ data are replicated in a separate facility located elsewhere. Certain offerings, including some offerings of companies added through acquisitions, may be served through alternate facilities or arrangements. We do not control the operation of any of these facilities, and they may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar events. They may also be subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of destruction or vandalism or similar misconduct, as well as local administrative actions (including shelter-in-place or similar orders), changes to legal or permitting requirements and litigation to stop, limit or delay operation. In addition, supply chain disruptions due to geopolitical developments in Europe may lead to power disruptions in regions where our facilities are located. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, such as disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements, the occurrence of any of the foregoing events or risks, or a natural disaster or public health emergency, an act of terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems or operational failures at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in our services, and no assurance can be provided that any such interruptions would be remediated without significant cost or in a timely manner or at all.
The hardware, software, data and cloud computing platforms that we rely on, including, for example, the large language models leveraged in our AI offerings, may not continue to be available at reasonable prices, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of these hardware, software, data or cloud computing platforms could significantly increase our expenses and disrupt or otherwise result in delays in the provisioning of our services until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained through purchase or license and integrated into our services, and no assurance can be provided that such equivalent technology would be developed or obtained in a timely manner or at all.
As we scale our operations, the amount and type of information transferred on our offerings continues to evolve, including as a result of the deployment of AI technologies, and our infrastructure capacity requirements, including network capacity and computing power, may increase as a result. If we do not accurately plan for our infrastructure capacity requirements and we experience significant strains on our data center capacity, our customers could experience performance degradation or service outages that may subject us to financial liabilities, result in customer losses