value of net assets
acquired.
The changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill, which is generally not deductible for tax purposes, were as follows (in millions):
(1) Adjustments include the effect of foreign currency translation
.
23
Table of Contents
8.
Debt
The components of the Company's borrowings were as follows (in millions):
(1) The Company repaid in full the 2024 Senior Notes in the second quarter of fiscal 2025.
The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of October 31, 2024.
The total estimated fair value of the Company's outstanding senior unsecured notes (the “Senior Notes”) above was $
6.7
billion and $
7.8
billion as of October 31, 2024 and
January 31, 2024
, respectively. The fair value was determined based on the closing trading price per $
100
of the Senior Notes as of the last day of trading of the third quarter of fiscal 2025 and the last day of trading of fiscal 2024, respectively, and are deemed Level 2 liabilities within the fair value measurement framework.
The contractual future principal payments for all borrowings as of October 31, 2024 were as follows (in millions):
Revolving Credit Facility
In October 2024, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with the lenders and issuing lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the “Revolving Loan Credit Agreement”). The Revolving Loan Credit Agreement replaced the Credit Agreement, dated December 23, 2020 (as amended, the “Prior Credit Agreement”), among the Company, the lenders and the issuing lenders party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, which provided for a $
3.0
billion unsecured revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature on December 23, 2025. There were
no
outstanding borrowings under the Prior Credit Agreement.
The Revolving Loan Credit Agreement provides for a $
5.0
billion unsecured revolving credit facility (“Credit Facility”) and matures in October 2029. The Company may use the proceeds of future borrowings under the Credit Facility for general corporate purposes.
There were
no
outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility as of October 31, 2024.
9.
Restructuring
In January 2023, the Company announced a restructuring plan (the “Restructuring Plan”) intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins and continue advancing the Company’s ongoing commitment to profitable growth. This plan included a reduction of the Company’s workforce and select real estate exits and office space reductions within certain markets. The actions associated with the employee restructuring under the Restructuring Plan were substantially completed in fiscal 2024 and the actions associated with the real estate portion of the Restructuring Plan are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2026. In the first nine months of fiscal 2025, the Company approved restructuring initiatives focused on driving further operational efficiencies, optimizing our management structure and increasing cost