economic uncertainty, inflation, geopolitical conflict, volatile public equity markets or unsettled global market conditions.
If third-party developers and providers do not continue to embrace our technology delivery model and enterprise cloud computing services, or if our customers seek warranties from us for third-party applications, integrations, data and content, our business could be harmed.
Our success depends on the willingness of a growing community of third-party developers and technology providers to build applications and provide integrations, data and content that are complementary to our services. Without the continued development of these applications and provision of such integrations, data and content, both current and potential customers may not find our services sufficiently attractive, which could impact future sales. In addition, for those customers who authorize a third-party technology partner to access their data, we do not provide any warranty related to the functionality, security or integrity of the data access, transmission or processing. Despite contract provisions to protect us, customers may look to us to support and provide warranties for the third-party applications, integrations, data and content, even though not developed or sold by us, which may expose us to potential claims, liabilities and obligations, all of which could harm our reputation and our business.
Social and ethical issues, including the use or capabilities of AI in our offerings, may result in reputational harm and liability.
Policies we adopt or choose not to adopt on social and ethical issues, especially regarding the use of our products, may be unpopular with some of our employees or with our customers or potential customers, and have in the past impacted and may in the future impact our ability to attract or retain employees and customers. Our decisions about whether to conduct business with
58
Table of Contents
potential customers, or whether to continue or expand business with existing customers, may also impact our ability to attract or retain employees and customers, and could result in negative publicity or reputational harm. Further, actions taken by our customers and employees, including through the use or misuse of our products or new technologies for illegal activities or improper information sharing, may result in reputational harm or possible liability, particularly in light of regulatory requirements like the Digital Services Act (“DSA”) from the EU. For example, we have been subject to allegations in legal proceedings that we should be liable for the use of certain of our products by third parties. Although we believe that we have a strong defense against these allegations, legal proceedings can be lengthy, expensive and disruptive to our operations and the outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Regardless of outcome, these types of claims could cause reputational harm to our brand