contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods.
Revenues
The
increase in s
ubscription and support revenues for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily caused by volume-driven increases from new business, which includes new customers, upgrades, and additional subscriptions from existing customers. Pricing was not a significant driver of the increase in revenues for either period. Revenues from term software licenses, which are recognized at a point in time, represented approximately five percent and six percent of total subscription and support revenues for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, and six percent for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2023. Subscription and support revenues accounted for approximately
94
percent of our total revenues for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 93 percent for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2023.
The decrease in professional services and other revenues for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 was due primarily to less demand for larger, multi-year transformation engagements and, in some cases, delayed projects. These trends may continue in the near term.
35
Table of Contents
Subscription and Support Revenues by Service Offering
Subscription and support revenues consisted of the following (in millions):
(1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration and Analytics, which includes Mulesoft and Tableau.
(1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration and Analytics, which includes Mulesoft and Tableau.
Our industry vertical service offerings revenue is included in one of the above service offerings depending on the primary service purchased.
Integration and Analytics subscription and support revenues include revenues from term software licenses, which are recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Therefore, we expect Integration and Analytics to experience greater volatility in revenues period to period compared to our other service offerings and recent revenue trends may not be indicative of future performance. Additionally, as we transition customers within the Integration and Analytics offering from term software licenses to subscription based services, revenue associated with such customers will generally be recognized ratably over the contract term, which we expect may potentially result in less revenue in the period the customer transitions but incremental revenues over the remaining term.
Revenues
by Geography
36
Table of Contents
Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of our contracting entity, which may be different than the
region of the customer. Revenue growth