adjust our exposure to various counterparties. We generally enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. However, we do not have any master netting arrangements in place with collateral features.
Strategic Investments
As of October 31, 2024, our strategic investment portfolio consisted of investments in ove
r 400 companies wit
h a combined carrying value of $4.8 billion, includ
ing two privately he
ld investments with carrying values that were individually greater th
an five percent of t
he total strategic investments portfolio and repres
ented 13 percent of th
e portfolio in aggregate.
The following table sets forth additional information regarding active equity investments within our strategic investment portfolio as of October 31, 2024 and excludes exited investments (in millions):
Fluctuations in the value of our privately held equity securities are only recorded when there is an observable transaction for a same or similar security of the same issuer, or in the event of impairment. We anticipate future volatility in our condensed consolidated statement of operations due to changes in market prices, observable price changes and impairments of our strategic investments. The resulting gains or losses could be material depending on market conditions and events, particularly in periods with economic uncertainty, inflation, volatile public equity markets or unsettled global market conditions.
Our investments in privately held equity securities are in various classes of equity with varying rights and preferences. The particular securities we hold, and their rights and preferences relative to other securities within the capital structure, may impact the magnitude by which our investment value moves in relation to movement in the total enterprise value of the company. As a result, the value of our investment in a specific company may move by more or less than a change in that company’s overall value. Our ten largest privately held equity securities represent 37 percent of our total strategic investments as of October 31, 2024. If the enterprise value of the companies in which we hold those securities decreased by ten percent, the carrying value of our investment portfolio would decline by approximatel
y
$101 million.
We continually evaluate our investments in privately held and publicly traded companies. In certain cases, our ability to
44
Table of Contents
sell these investments may be impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering.
In addition, the financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. All of our investments, particularly those in privately held companies, are therefore subject to a risk of partial or total