computed by giving effect to all potential weighted average dilutive common stock, including options and restricted stock units. The dilutive effect of outstanding awards is reflected in diluted net income per share by application of the treasury stock method.
27
Table of Contents
A reconciliation of the denominator used in the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share is as follows (in millions):
The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of diluted net income per share does not include the effect of the following potentially outstanding common stock.
The effects of these potentially outstanding shares were not included in the calculation of diluted net income per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive (in millions):
13.
Legal Proceedings and Claims
In the ordinary course of business, the Company is or may be involved in various legal or regulatory proceedings, claims or purported class actions related to alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, commercial, corporate and securities, labor and employment, wage and hour and other claims. The Company has been, and may in the future be, put on notice or sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights, including patent infringement.
In general, the resolution of a legal matter could prevent the Company from offering its service to others, could be material to the Company’s financial condition or cash flows, or both, or could otherwise adversely affect the Company’s reputation and future operating results.
The Company makes a provision for a liability relating to legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, estimated settlements, legal rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. The outcomes of legal proceedings and other contingencies are, however, inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. At this time, the Company is not able to reasonably estimate the amount or range of possible losses in excess of any amounts accrued, including losses that could arise as a result of application of non-monetary remedies, with respect to the contingencies it faces, and the Company’s estimates may not prove to be accurate.
In management’s opinion, resolution of all current matters, including those described below, is not expected to have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial statements. However, depending on the nature and timing of any such dispute, payment or other contingency, the resolution of a matter could materially affect the Company’s current or future results of operations or cash flows, or both, in a particular quarter.
Slack Litigation
Beginning in September 2019,
seven
purported class action