inadvertently permitted access to protected customer data. We can provide no assurance that such product defects or other vulnerabilities will not occur in the future that have a material adverse effect on our business or subject us to substantial liability. Vulnerabilities in open source or any proprietary or third-party product can persist even after security patches have been issued if customers have not installed the most recent updates, or if the attackers exploited the vulnerabilities before patching was complete. In some cases, vulnerabilities may not be immediately detected, which may make it difficult to recover critical services and lead to damaged assets.
50
Table of Contents
Since our customers use our services for important aspects of their business, errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems have in the past adversely impacted our customers’ businesses and could do so in the future. As a result, customers could elect to not renew our services or delay or withhold payment to us. We could also lose future sales or customers may make warranty or other claims against us, which could result in an increase in our allowance for doubtful accounts, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable or the expense and risk of litigation.
Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers and other hardware and software vendors, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements, could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business.
We currently rely on third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing platform providers located in the United States and other countries to deliver our products, services and business operations and to operate critical business systems. We also rely on computer hardware purchased or leased from, software licensed from, and cloud computing platforms provided by, third parties in order to offer our services, including database software, hardware and data from a variety of vendors. Any disruption or damage to, or failure of our systems generally, including the systems of our third-party platform providers, could result in interruptions in our services and harm our business. We have from time to time experienced interruptions in our services and such interruptions may occur in the future. As we increase our reliance on these third-party systems, particularly with respect to third-party cloud computing platforms, our exposure to damage from service interruptions or other performance or quality issues may increase. Interruptions in our services or other performance or quality issues may cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to make warranty or other claims against us or to terminate their subscriptions, and adversely affect our attrition rates and our ability to attract new customers, all of