marketing relationships and access to larger customer bases, and have major distribution agreements with consultants, system integrators and resellers. We also experience competition from smaller, younger competitors that may be more agile in responding to customers’ demands and offer more targeted and simplified solutions. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements, or provide competitive pricing, more flexible contracts or faster implementations. Additionally, we are building AI into many of our offerings, and we are facing increased competition as AI technologies are integrated into the markets in which we compete. Our competitors may be able to develop new AI offerings that disrupt workforce needs and negatively impact demand for our offerings, or incorporate AI into their offerings more successfully than we do and achieve greater and faster adoption. As a result, even if our services are more effective than the products and services that our competitors offer, potential customers might select competitive products and services in lieu of purchasing our services. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, which could negatively impact our future sales and harm our business.
Our efforts to expand our service offerings and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with technological developments may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate and harm our business.
We derive a majority of our revenue from subscriptions to our CRM enterprise cloud computing application services, and we expect this will continue for the foreseeable future. Our efforts to expand our current service offerings may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate. In addition, the markets and monetization strategies for certain offerings, including Agentforce, remain relatively new and uncertain and as a result our expansion into such offerings, and related investments, may present additional risks and challenges. For example, we may increase the number of products that use a consumption-based business model. Due to customer flexibility in the timing of their consumption, we could have less visibility into the timing of revenue recognition for consumption-based offerings than we do for our subscription-based offerings, and there is a risk that customers could consume our products at lower levels than we expect. Further, the introduction of future platform changes and upgrades may not result in long term revenue growth.
If we are unable to develop enhancements to, and new features for, our existing or new services that keep pace with rapid technological developments, our business could be harmed. For example, we may be required to continuously enhance our AI offerings to improve the quality of content provided to our customers. The success of