Company’s cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency derivative contracts are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 because these assets are valued using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing observable market inputs.
20
Table of Contents
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets that were measured at fair value as of October 31, 2024 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions):
(1) Included in “cash and cash equivalents” in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets in addition to $
2.2
billion of cash, as of October 31, 2024.
The following table presents information about the Company’s assets that were measured at fair value as of January 31, 2024 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions):
(1) Included in “cash and cash equivalents” in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets in addition to $
2.2
billion of cash, as of January 31, 2024.
21
Table of Contents
Strategic Investments Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis
Substantially all of the Company's privately held debt and equity securities and other investments are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The estimation of fair value for these investments requires the use of significant unobservable inputs, and as a result, the Company deems these assets as Level 3 within the fair value measurement framework. For privately held equity investments without a readily determinable fair value, the Company applies valuation methods based on information available, including the market approach and option pricing models (“OPM”). Observable transactions, such as the issuance of new equity by an investee, are indicators of investee enterprise value and are used to estimate the fair value of the privately held equity investments. An OPM may be utilized to allocate value to the various classes of securities of the investee, including classes owned by the Company. Such information, available to the Company from investee companies, is supplemented with estimates such as volatility, expected time to liquidity and the rights and obligations of the securities the Company holds. When indicators of impairment are observed for privately held equity securities, the Company generally uses the market approach to estimate the fair value of its investment, giving consideration to the latest observable transactions, as well as the investee's current and projected financial performance and other significant inputs and assumptions, including estimated time to exit, selection and analysis of guideline public companies and the rights and obligations of the securities the Company holds. The Company's privately held debt and equity securities and other investments amounted to $
4.8
billion as of October 31, 2024
and
January 31, 2024.
5.
Leases and Other Commitments
Leases
The Company has leases for corporate offices, data centers and