secured the naming rights to facilities controlled by third parties, such as office towers and a transit center, and any negative events or publicity arising in connection with these facilities could adversely impact our brand.
Further, entry into markets with weaker protection of brands or changes in the legal systems in countries we operate may impact our ability to protect our brands. If we fail to maintain, enhance or protect our brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our business, operating results and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.
We are subject to risks associated with our strategic investments, including partial or complete loss of invested capital. Significant changes in the fair value of this portfolio could negatively impact our financial results.
We manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. While we invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, advancing responsible generative AI, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives, we may still experience unforeseen brand or reputational harm associated with our investments. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including investments made concurrent with a company’s initial public offering. Investments in early stage companies are inherently speculative, as these companies may not yet be revenue-generating and could still be in the process of developing their products and services at the time of our investment. The financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. Our investments may face challenges from regulatory authorities, including from antitrust authorities who are increasingly scrutinizing technology investments and acquisitions, potentially resulting in unexpected costs, delays, or unfavorable conditions imposed on transactions involving our investment portfolio. In certain cases, our ability to sell these investments may be impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering. All of our investments are subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested capital.
We are exposed to volatility in our condensed consolidated statements of operations due to changes in market prices, observable price changes and impairments of our strategic investments. The measurement of our non-marketable equity and debt securities at fair value is inherently subjective and requires management judgment and estimation. The resulting gains or losses could be material depending on market conditions and events, particularly in periods with