losses on strategic investments, net on the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
12
Table of Contents
Fair Value Measurement
The Company measures its cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, publicly held equity securities and foreign currency derivative contracts at fair value. In addition, the Company measures certain of its strategic investments, including its privately held debt and equity securities, at fair value on a nonrecurring basis when there has been an observable price change in a same or similar security or an impairment event.
The additional disclosures regarding the Company’s fair value measurements are included in Note 4 “Fair Value Measurement.”
Derivative Financial Instruments
The Company enters into foreign currency derivative contracts with financial institutions to reduce foreign exchange risk associated with intercompany transactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of a subsidiary. The Company uses forward currency derivative contracts, which are not designated as hedging instruments, to minimize the Company’s exposure to balances primarily denominated in the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real and Japanese Yen. The Company’s derivative financial instruments program is not designated for trading or speculative purposes. The Company generally enters into master netting arrangements with the financial institutions with which it contracts for such derivatives, which permit net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty, thereby reducing risk of credit-related losses from a financial institutions' nonperformance. While the contract or notional amount is often used to express the volume of foreign currency derivative contracts, the amounts potentially subject to credit risk are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties’ obligations under the agreements exceed the obligations of the Company to the counterparties. The notional amount of outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024 was $
9.4
billion and $
8.6
billion, respectively.
Outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts are recorded at fair value on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains or losses due to changes in the fair value of these derivative contracts, as well as realized gains or losses from their net settlement, are recognized as other income in the condensed consolidated statements of operations consistent with the offsetting gains or losses resulting from the remeasurement or settlement of the underlying foreign currency denominated receivables and payables.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of those assets as follows:
The Company estimates the useful lives of property and