over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term. Stock-based compensation expense related to awards with a performance condition are measured based on the grant date closing stock price and the expense related to these awards is recognized based on the requisite service period elapsed, as well as the probability of achievement and estimated attainment of the performance condition as of the end of our reporting period.
Stock-based compensation expense related to the Company’s Amended and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP” or “2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan”) is measured based on grant date at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense related to shares issued pursuant to the 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan on a straight-line basis over the offering period, which is
12
months. The ESPP allows employees to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a
15
percent discount from the lower of the Company’s stock price on (i) the first day of the offering period or on (ii) the last day of the purchase period. The ESPP also allows employees to reduce their percentage election once during a
six-month
purchase period (December 15 and June 15 of each fiscal year), but not to increase that election until the next one-year offering period. The ESPP includes a reset provision for the purchase price if the stock price on the purchase date is less than the stock price on the offering date.
The Company, at times, grants unvested restricted shares to employee stockholders of certain acquired companies in lieu of cash consideration. These awards are generally subject to continued post-acquisition employment. Therefore, the Company accounts for them as post-acquisition stock-based compensation expense. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense equal to the grant date fair value of the restricted stock awards, based on the closing stock price on grant date, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally
four years
.
Income Taxes
The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax laws is recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date.
The Company’s tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company recognizes the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, solely based on its technical