value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. In addition, uncertain tax positions, tax-related valuation allowances and pre-acquisition contingencies are initially recorded in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. The Company continues to collect information and reevaluates these estimates and assumptions quarterly and records any adjustments to the Company’s preliminary estimates to goodwill provided that the Company is within the measurement period. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the Company’s condensed consolidated statements of operations.
In the event the Company acquires an entity with which the Company has a preexisting relationship, the Company will generally recognize a gain or loss to settle that relationship as of the acquisition date within operating income on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. In the event that the Company acquires an entity in which the Company previously held a strategic investment, the difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the carrying value of the strategic investment is recorded as a gain or loss and recorded within losses on strategic investments, net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
14
Table of Contents
Restructuring
The Company generally recognizes employee severance costs when payments are probable and amounts are estimable or when notification occurs, depending on the region an employee works. Costs related to contracts without future benefit or contract termination are recognized at the earlier of the contract termination or the cease-use dates. Other exit-related costs are recognized as incurred.
Stock-Based Compensation Expense
Stock-based compensation expense is measured based on grant date at fair value using the grant date closing stock price for restricted stock units and restricted stock awards and using the Black-Scholes option pricing model for stock options. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock units, restricted stock awards, and stock options on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term of
four years
. The estimated forfeiture rate applied is based on historical forfeiture rates.
The Company grants performance share awards to executive officers and other members of senior management, which may include a market condition, a performance condition, or both. Stock-based compensation expense related to awards with a market condition are measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model and the expense related to these awards is recognized on a graded-vesting basis, net of estimated forfeitures,