Estimates
Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 “Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies” to our condensed consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies and specific estimates involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies and estimates we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations:
•
the standalone selling price (“SSP”) of performance obligations for revenue contracts with multiple performance obligations;
•
the valuation of privately held strategic investments;
•
the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for business combinations;
•
the recognition, measurement and valuation of current and deferred income taxes and uncertain tax positions;
•
the useful lives of intangible assets; and
•
the fair value of certain stock awards issued.
These estimates may change, as new events occur and additional information is obtained, and such changes will be recognized in the condensed consolidated financial statements as soon as they become known. Actual results could differ from these estimates and any such differences may be material to our financial statements.
Additionally, refer to the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024 for further discussion with respect to these policies and estimates.
33
Table of Contents
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 1 “Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies” to the condensed consolidated financial statements for our discussion about new accounting pronouncements.
Results of Operations
The following tables set forth selected data for each of the periods indicated (in millions):
(1) Amounts related to amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows (in millions):
(2) Amounts related to stock-based compensation expense, as follows (in millions):
34
Table of Contents
The following table sets forth selected balance sheet data and other metrics for each of the periods indicated (in millions, except remaining performance obligation, which is presented in billions):
(1) Amounts do not include operating or financing lease obligations.
Remaining performance obligation represents