appellate proceedings in the Federal Action. The Federal Action and the State Court Action seek unspecified monetary damages and other relief on behalf of investors who purchased Slack’s Class A common stock issued pursuant and/or traceable to the Registration Statement.
14.
Subsequent Events
In November 2024, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Zoomin Software Ltd. (“Zoomin”), a data management company. Prior to the acquisition, the Company owned less than ten percent of the outstanding stock of Zoomin. The total consideration for the remaining shares of Zoomin was approximately $
344
million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments.
In November 2024, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Own Data Company Ltd. (“Own”), a leading provider of data protection and data management solutions. Prior to the acquisition, the Company owned approximately
ten
percent of the outstanding stock of Own. The total consideration for the remaining shares of Own was approximately $
1.9
billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments.
29
Table of Contents
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, which may consist of, among other things, trend analyses and statements regarding future events, future financial performance, anticipated growth, and industry prospects, are forward-looking. Words such as “aims,” “anticipates,” “assumes,” “believes,” “commitments,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “forecasts,” “foresees,” “goals,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “predicts,” “projects,” “seeks,” “should,” “targets” and “would,”  and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and based on management’s current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict, including those described in Part I, Item 2, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” Part I, Item 3, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” Part II, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.
In light of these and other risks and uncertainties, the future events and trends discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not occur as we