insignificant excise tax in fiscal 2025. The excise tax applies to our fiscal 2025 stock repurchases. We currently anticipate that it will decrease next year’s financing cash flows, however, the amount could be impacted by factors including the Company’s share price.
Dividends
We announced the following dividends (in millions, except dividend per share):
The declaration and payment of future cash dividends is subject to our Board continuing to determine that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders, after giving consideration to continued capital availability, general economic and market conditions, and applicable laws and agreements.
Contractual
Obligations
Our principal commitments consist of obligations under leases for office space, co-location data center facilities and our development and test data center, as well as leases for computer equipment, software, furniture and fixtures. As of October 31, 2024, the future noncancellable minimum payments under these commitments were approximately $4.2 billion, with payments of $258 million due in the next three months and $3.9 billion due thereafter. We generally expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities.
During
the nine months ended October 31, 2024
and in future years, we have made, and expect to continue to make, additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations to increase productivity and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. While we continue to make investments in our infrastructure and with infrastructure service providers to provide capacity for the growth of our business, our strategy may continue to change related to these investments and we may slow the pace of our investments.
41
Table of Contents
Other Future Obligations
In November 2024, we acquired all outstanding stock of Zoomin Software Ltd. (“Zoomin”), a data management company. Prior to the acquisition, we owned less than ten percent of the outstanding stock of Zoomin. The total consideration for the remaining shares of Zoomin was approximately $344 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments.
In November 2024, we acquired all outstanding stock of Own Data Company Ltd. (“Own”), a leading provider of data protection and data management solutions. Prior to the acquisition, we owned approximately ten percent of the outstanding stock of Own. The total consideration for the remaining shares of Own was approximately $1.9 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments.
As of October 31, 2024, we expect approximately $100 million to $150 million in future cash payments related to our restructuring initiatives, primarily related to workforce costs such as severance payments. We generally expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities. Additionally, as