economic risks, including bankruptcies, regulatory changes and other market factors.
The Company excludes amounts related to performance obligations from professional services contracts that are billed and recognized on a time and materials basis.
The majority of the Company's noncurrent remaining performance obligation is expected to be recognized in the next
13
to
36
months.
Remaining performance obligation consisted of the following (in billions):
3.
Investments
Marketable Securities
At October 31, 2024, marketable securities consisted of the following (in millions):
18
Table of Contents
At January 31, 2024, marketable securities consisted of the following (in millions):
The contractual maturities of the investments classified as marketable securities were as follows (in millions):
Strategic Investments
Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of October 31, 2024 were as follows (in millions):
Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of January 31, 2024 were as follows (in millions):
The Company holds investments in, or management agreements with, variable interest entities (“VIEs”) which the Company does not consolidate because it is not considered the primary beneficiary of these entities. The carrying value of VIEs within strategic investments was $
439
million and $
382
million, as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively.
19
Table of Contents
Losses on Strategic Investments, Net
The components of losses on strategic investments, net were as follows (in millions):
Unrealized gains and losses recognized on privately held equity securities, net includes upward and downward adjustments from equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative, as well as gains and losses from private equity securities in other measurement categories. For privately held securities accounted for under the measurement alternative, the Company recorded upward adjustments of $
22
million and $
14
million
and impairments and downward adjustments of $
245
million and $
98
million
for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023
, respectively, and upward adjustments of $
182
million and $
65
million and impairments and downward adjustments of $
435
million and $
354
million for the
nine months ended October 31, 2024
, and
2023
, respectively.
Realized gains (losses) on sales of securities, net reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value of the security at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later.
4.
Fair Value Measurement
The Company uses a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value:
Level 1.
Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2.
Significant other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.
Level 3.
Significant unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.
All of the