accounts receivable for estimated credit losses. This allowance is based upon historical loss patterns, the number of days that billings are past due, an evaluation of the potential risk of loss associated with delinquent accounts and current market conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical loss patterns. The Company records the allowance against bad debt expense through the condensed consolidated statements of operations, included in general and administrative expense, up to the amount of revenues recognized to date. Any incremental allowance is recorded as an offset to unearned revenue on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Receivables are written off and charged against the recorded allowance when the Company has exhausted collection efforts without success.
No single customer accounted for ten percent or more of accounts receivable as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024. No single customer accounted for ten percent or more of total revenue during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. As of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, assets located outside the Americas were
13
percent and
16
percent of total assets, respectively. As of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, assets located in the United States were
85
percent and
82
percent of total assets, respectively.
The Company is also exposed to concentrations of risk in its strategic investment portfolio, including within specific industries, as the Company primarily invests in enterprise cloud companies, technology st
artups and system integrators. As of October 31, 2024, the Company held two investments, both privately held, with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of its total strategic investments portfolio and represented approximately
13
percent of the portfolio in the aggregate. As of
January 31, 2024
, the Company held two investments, both privately held, with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of its strategic investments portfolio and represented approximately
16
percent of the portfolio in the aggregate.
Revenue Recognition
The Company derives its revenues from two sources: (1) subscription and support revenues and (2) professional services and other revenues. Subscription and support revenues include subscription fees from customers accessing the Company’s enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, “Cloud Services”), software license revenues from the sales of term software licenses and support revenues from the sales of support and updates beyond the basic subscription or software license sales. Professional services and other revenues include professional and advisory services for process mapping, project management and implementation services and training services.
Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration