optimization efforts to realize long-term
24
Table of Contents
sustainable growth through a targeted workforce reduction. The actions associated with these initiatives are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2025.
The following tables summarize the activities related to the Company’s restructuring initiatives for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (in millions):
The liability for restructuring charges, which is related to workforce and office space reductions, is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The charges reflected in the tables above related to workforce reduction included charges for employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits and share-based compensation. The charges reflected in the tables above related to office space reductions included exit charges associated with those reductions.
10.
Stockholders’ Equity
Stock option activity for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was as follows:
25
Table of Contents
Restricted stock activity for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was as follows:
The aggregate expected stock-based compensation expense remaining to be recognized as of October 31, 2024 was as follows (in millions):
The aggregate expected stock-based compensation expense remaining to be recognized reflects only outstanding stock awards as of October 31, 2024 and assumes no forfeiture activity and no changes in the expected level of attainment of performance share grants based on the Company’s financial performance relative to certain targets.
Share Repurchase Program
In August 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $
10.0
billion of the Company’s common stock (the “Share Repurchase Program”). In February 2023, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $
10.0
billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. In February 2024, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $
10.0
billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program for an aggregate total authorization of $
30.0
billion. The Share Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the Share Repurchase Program, shares of common stock may be repurchased using a variety of methods, including privately negotiated and or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as part of accelerated share repurchases and other methods. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases are determined by the Company in its discretion and depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The Company accounts for treasury stock under the cost method.
The Company repurchased the following under its Share Repurchase Program (in millions, except average price