expect or at all, and our actual results or outcomes may differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason.
Overview
Salesforce is a global leader in customer relationship management (“CRM”) technology that brings humans together with artificial intelligence (“AI”) agents to drive customer success on one integrated platform. Founded in 1999, we enable companies of every size and industry to take advantage of powerful technologies to connect to their customers in a whole new way and help them transform their businesses around the customer in this digital-first world.
Our platform unites sales, service, marketing, commerce and IT teams by connecting customer data across systems, apps and devices to create a complete view of customers. With this single source of customer truth and integrated artificial intelligence (“AI”), teams can be more responsive, productive and efficient, deliver intelligent, personalized experiences across every channel and increase productivity. During the third quarter of fiscal 2025, we introduced Agentforce, a new layer of our trusted platform that enables companies to build and deploy AI agents that can respond to inputs, make decisions and take action autonomously across business functions. Agentforce includes a suite of customizable agents for use across sales, service, marketing and commerce. We continue to invest for growth, including investing in generative and agentic AI across all products, which we believe will change how our customers help their customers, and continuously look to expand our leadership role in the cloud computing industry.
We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers and expanding our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. These growth levers often require a more sophisticated go-to-market approach and, as a result, we may incur additional costs upfront to obtain new customers and expand our relationships with existing customers, including additional sales and marketing expenses specific to subscription and support revenue. As a result, we have seen that customers with many of these characteristics drive higher annual revenues and have lower attrition rates than our company average.
In addition to our focus on top line growth levers, we are also focused on reducing our operating expenses to improve our operating margin. For example, in January 2023, we announced a restructuring plan (the “Restructuring Plan”) intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth which included a reduction of our workforce by