we have utilized the majority of our net operating loss and tax credits carryforward, we expect an increase in cash taxes.
Environmental, Social and Governance
We believe that business is the greatest platform for change. By focusing on environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) excellence, Salesforce strives to be a leading example of an ethical, resilient company delivering value to stakeholders now and in the future. We aim to maintain our public commitments with the highest standards of integrity and transparency and enable compliance with global ESG regulations.
Guided by our values, we work to earn the trust of our stakeholders. Transparency is key to trust, which is why we have published an annual ESG report for over ten years to keep our stakeholders informed and to hold ourselves accountable to our ESG strategy, as well as our key programs, goals, commitments and metrics. Our ESG disclosures are also informed by relevant topics identified through ESG relevancy assessments and third-party ESG reporting organizations, frameworks and standards, such as the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) Standards. Read more about these initiatives and view our Stakeholder Impact Report at https://salesforce.com/stakeholder-impact-report. Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this report.
While we believe that our ESG goals align with our long-term growth strategy and financial and operational priorities, they are aspirational and may change, and there is no guarantee or promise that they will be met.
42
Table of Contents
ITEM 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
We are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity investment risks. This exposure has increased due to recent financial market movements and changes to our expectations of near-term possible movements caused by the impact of the macroeconomic environment as discussed in more detail below.
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
We primarily conduct our business in the following locations: the United States, Europe, Canada, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Japan. The expanding global scope of our business exposes us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets, including emerging markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency and growth in our international investments, including data center expansion, costs associated with third-party infrastructure providers and additional headcount in foreign countries. Specifically, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in the following currencies: the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar and Brazilian Real against the United States Dollar (“USD”).