in the Americas was driven by investment of additional sales resources from previous periods. Revenue growth in Europe and Asia Pacific was primarily driven by our focus on marketing our services internationally and increased productivity, as well as investment in additional resources. Total revenue during the
three and nine months ended October 31, 2024
was minimally impacted by foreign currency fluctuations
compa
red to the three and nine months ended October 31, 2023.
Cost of Revenues
For the three months ended October 31, 2024, the decrease in cost of revenues in absolute dollars was primarily due to a decrease in service delivery expenses and a decrease in amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, partially offset by an increase in employee-related costs, primarily in lower cost regions. For the nine months ended October 31, 2024, the
increase in cost of revenues in absolute dollars was primarily
due to an increase in employee-related costs, primarily in lower cost regions, partially offset by a decrease in service delivery expenses and reduced amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations
. Cost of revenue as a percentage of total revenue during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 decreased by three
and two percent, respectively,
from the same periods a year ago primarily as a result of reduced service delivery expenses and a decrease in amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations.
We intend to continue to invest additional resources in enterprise cloud computing services to allow us to scale with our customers and continue to evolve our security measures. The timing of these expenses may cause our cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues to fluctuate over time due to changes in demand for our service offerings.
37
Table of Contents
Operating Expenses
For the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, the increase in research and development expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs, primarily in lower cost regions.
Research and development expenses as a percentage of total revenues during the three months ended October 31, 2024 was consistent with the same period a year ago. For the nine months ended October 31, 2024, the one percent increase as a percentage of total revenues compared to the same period a year ago was primarily due to increased employee-related costs, primarily in lower cost regions.
We expect that research and development expenses will likely remain consistent as a percentage of revenues over time as we continue to invest in the development of new, and improve existing, technologies, including our AI and Data Cloud service offerings, and support the integration of acquired technologies, at a pace consistent with our anticipated revenue growth.
For the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, the increase in sales and marketing expenses in absolute dollars was