million for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The year-to-date tax provision increased from the same period a year ago due to higher pretax income partially offset by a tax benefit from the foreign-derived intangible income deduction. Our quarter-to-date tax provision was lower compared to the same period a year ago due to the tax benefit from the foreign-derived intangible income deduction. Our effective tax rate may fluctuate due to changes in our domestic and foreign earnings, or material discrete tax items, or a combination of these factors resulting from transactions or events, including, for example, acquisitions, changes to our operating structure, and other macroeconomic factors.
Several countries have enacted legislation to implement the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s
15% global minimum tax regime effective January 1, 2024. We expect other countries to follow. We do not anticipate material
changes to our income tax provision for fiscal 2025. We continue to evaluate the impacts of legislation in the jurisdictions in
which we operate. Our effective tax rate and cash tax payments could increase in future years.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
At October 31, 2024, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $12.8 billion and accounts receivable of $4.7 billion. Our cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised primarily of corporate notes and obligations, U.S. treasury securities, U.S. agency obligations, asset-backed securities, foreign government obligations, mortgage-backed obligations, covered bonds, time deposits, money market mutual funds and municipal securities. Our Revolving Loan Credit Agreement (as defined below), which provides the ability to borrow up to $5.0 billion in unsecured financing (the “Credit Facility”) as of October 31, 2024, also serves as a source of liquidity.
Net cash provided by operating activities could continue to be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks detailed in Part II, Item 1A, “Risk Factors.” We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided by operating activities, unbilled amounts related to contracted noncancellable subscription agreements, which are not reflected on the balance sheet, and, if necessary, our borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure and debt maintenance needs over the next 12 months and thereafter.
In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property rights. To facilitate these acquisitions or investments, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, impacting our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions or investments.
39
Table of Contents
Cash
Flows
For