expenses incurred supporting the free user base of Slack, including third-party hosting costs and employee-related costs specific to customer experience and technical operations.
Cost of professional services and other revenues consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with these services, the cost of subcontractors, certain third-party fees and allocated overhead. We believe that our professional services
32
Table of Contents
organization facilitates the adoption of our service offerings, helps us to secure larger subscription revenue contracts and supports our customers’ success. The cost of professional services may exceed revenues from professional services in future fiscal periods.
Research and Development
Research and development expenses consist primarily of employee-related costs for our engineering staff associated with product development, as well as allocated overhead.
Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing expenses make up the majority of our operating expenses and consist primarily of employee-related costs and commissions for our sales and marketing staff, as well as payments to partners, marketing programs and allocated overhead. Marketing programs consist of advertising, events, corporate communications, brand building and product marketing activities. We capitalize certain costs to obtain customer contracts, such as commissions, and amortize these costs on a straight-line basis. As such, the timing of expense recognition for these commissions is not consistent with the timing of the associated cash payment.
Our sales and marketing expenses include amortization of certain acquisition-related intangible assets, such as the amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company’s trade names, customer lists and customer relationships.
General and Administrative
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee-related costs for finance and accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources and management information systems personnel, as well as professional services fees and allocated overhead.
We allocate overhead such as information technology infrastructure, rent, occupancy charges and certain employee benefits based on headcount. As such, these types of expenses are reflected in each cost of revenue and operating expense category.
Restructuring
Restructuring consists of charges related to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits and stock-based compensation as well as exit charges associated with office space reductions. The employee actions associated with the Restructuring Plan were substantially completed in fiscal 2024 and the targeted workforce and office space reductions initiated in the first nine months of fiscal 2025 are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2025. The real estate actions associated with the Restructuring Plan are expected to be fully complete in fiscal 2026. Restructuring excludes allocated overhead.
Critical Accounting Policies and