and yield curves. Securities with an amortized cost basis in excess of estimated fair value are assessed to determine what amount of the excess, if any, is caused by expected credit losses. Expected credit losses on securities are recognized in other income on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and any remaining unrealized losses, net of taxes, are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholders' equity. For the purposes of computing realized and unrealized gains and losses, the cost of securities sold is based on the specific-identification method. Interest on securities classified as available for sale is included as a component of investment income within other income on the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
Strategic Investments
The Company holds strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities and publicly held equity securities in which the Company does not have a controlling interest.
Privately held equity securities where the Company lacks a controlling financial interest but does exercise significant influence are accounted for under the equity method. Privately held equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are recorded at cost and adjusted only for observable transactions for same or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment events (referred to as the measurement alternative). All gains and losses on privately held equity securities, realized and unrealized, are recorded through losses on strategic investments, net on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Privately held debt securities are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded through accumulated other comprehensive loss on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Other privately held investments not classified as debt or equity securities are recorded at cost and adjusted for impairment events, with any associated gains and losses recorded through losses on strategic investments, net on the consolidated statements of operations.
Valuations of privately held securities are inherently complex and require judgment due to the lack of readily available market data. In determining the estimated fair value of its strategic investments in privately held companies, the Company utilizes the most recent data available to the Company. The Company assesses its privately held strategic investments quarterly for impairment. The Company’s impairment analysis encompasses an assessment of both qualitative and quantitative factors, including the investee's financial metrics, market acceptance of the investee's product or technology and the rate at which the investee is using its cash. If the investment is considered impaired, the Company estimates the fair value of the investment and recognizes any resulting impairment through the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
Publicly held equity securities are measured at fair value with changes recorded through