purchase consideration for acquisitions completed in fiscal 2023 is summarized as follows (in millions):
The total purchase consideration related to our acquisitions completed during fiscal 2023 consisted of cash consideration and vested share-based awards assumed. The total cash and cash equivalents acquired from these acquisitions was approximately  $
7
million.
73
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Fiscal 2022 Acquisitions
In fiscal 2022, we paid total purchase consideration of $
364
million for our acquisitions.
Compensation Expense Related to Acquisitions including Splunk
In connection with our acquisitions, we have agreed to pay certain additional amounts contingent upon the continued employment with Cisco of certain employees of the acquired entities.
The following table summarizes the compensation expense related to acquisitions (in millions):
Total compensation expense related to acquisitions for fiscal 2024 include $
413
million related to the Splunk acquisition.
As of July 27, 2024, we estimated that future cash compensation expense of up to $
1.6
billion may be required to be recognized pursuant to these applicable acquisition agreements, which includes up to $
1.1
billion related to the Splunk acquisition.
5.
Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets
(a)
Goodwill
The following tables present the goodwill allocated to our reportable segments as of July 27, 2024 and July 29, 2023, as well as the changes to goodwill during fiscal 2024 and 2023 (in millions):
(b)
Purchased Intangible Assets
The following tables present details of our intangible assets acquired through acquisitions completed during fiscal 2024 and 2023 (in millions, except years):
74
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
The following tables present details of our purchased intangible assets (in millions):
Purchased intangible assets include intangible assets acquired through acquisitions as well as through direct purchases or licenses.
Impairment charges related to purchased intangible assets were $
145
million
for fiscal 2024. Impairment charges were as a result of declines in estimated fair value resulting from the reductions in or the elimination of expected future cash flows associated with certain of our IPR&D intangible assets.
The following table presents the amortization of purchased intangible assets, including impairment charges (in millions):
The estimated future amortization expense of purchased intangible assets with finite lives as of July 27, 2024 is as follows (in millions):
75
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
6.
Restructuring and Other Charges
In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, we announced a restructuring plan (the “Fiscal 2025 Plan”), in order to allow us to invest in key growth opportunities and drive more efficiencies in our business. The Fiscal 2025 Plan is expected to impact