procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to revenue recognition for certain product and services revenue.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including obtaining an understanding of management’s process for identifying and evaluating terms and conditions in certain customer arrangements and evaluating management’s determination of the impact of those terms and conditions on revenue recognition. These procedures also included, among others, testing, on a sample basis, (a) the completeness and accuracy of management’s identification and evaluation of terms and conditions by examining customer arrangements; (b) management’s process for determining the appropriate amount and timing of revenue recognition based on the contractual terms identified in customer arrangements; (c) revenue transactions by obtaining and inspecting source documents, such as contracts, purchase orders, invoices, and proof of delivery; and (d) the timing of recognition of revenue transactions.
Acquisition of Splunk — Valuation of Customer Contracts and Related Relationships Asset and the Technology Asset Acquired
As described in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, on March 18, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Splunk for total consideration of approximately $27 billion. The Company acquired $10.6 billion of intangible assets in connection with the acquisition. Of these acquired intangible assets, $6.1 billion of customer-related assets were recorded, of which the majority relates to customer contracts and related relationships, and $3.9 billion for a technology asset was recorded.  The customer contracts and related relationships asset was valued using the with-and-without method under the income approach. The technology asset was valued using the multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach. The present value of projected future cash flows included significant judgment and assumptions regarding projected future revenues, projected expenses, attrition rates, the revenue build up period, and the discount rate for the customer contracts and related relationships asset and projected future revenues, projected expenses, the technology obsolescence rate, and the discount rate for the technology asset.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the customer contracts and related relationships asset and the technology asset acquired in connection with the acquisition of Splunk is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the customer-related and technology assets acquired; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing