the availability of, as well as our requirements for, capital resources.
59
Table of Contents
Our financial position is exposed to a variety of risks, including interest rate risk, equity price risk, and foreign currency exchange risk.
Interest Rate Risk
Available-for-Sale Debt Investments
We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. Our primary objective for holding available-for-sale debt investments is to achieve an appropriate investment return consistent with preserving principal and managing risk. At any time, a sharp rise in market interest rates could have a material adverse impact on the fair value of our available-for-sale debt investment portfolio. Conversely, declines in interest rates, including the impact from lower credit spreads, could have a material adverse impact on interest income for our investment portfolio. Our available-for-sale debt investments are held for purposes other than trading. Our available-for-sale debt investments are not leveraged as of January 25, 2025. We monitor our interest rate and credit risks, including our credit exposures to specific rating categories and to individual issuers. We believe the overall credit quality of our portfolio is strong.
Financing Receivables
Our financing receivables had a carrying value of $6.3 billion and $6.7 billion as of January 25, 2025 and July 27, 2024. As of January 25, 2025, a hypothetical 50 basis points (“BPS”) increase or decrease in market interest rates would change the fair value of our financing receivables by a decrease or increase of approximately $0.1 billion, respectively.
Debt
As of January 25, 2025, we had $20.3 billion in principal amount of senior fixed-rate notes outstanding. The carrying amount of the senior notes was $20.1 billion, and the related fair value based on market prices was $20.2 billion. As of January 25, 2025, a hypothetical 50 BPS increase or decrease in market interest rates would change the fair value of the fixed-rate debt, excluding the $0.5 billion of hedged debt, by a decrease or increase of approximately $0.7 billion, respectively. However, this hypothetical change in interest rates would not impact the interest expense on the fixed-rate debt that is not hedged.
At any time, a sharp rise in market interest rates could cause us to incur additional interest expense to the extent we issue additional commercial paper or other debt.
Equity Price Risk
Marketable Equity Investments
The fair value of our marketable equity investments is subject to market price volatility. We hold equity securities for strategic purposes or to diversify our overall investment portfolio. These equity securities are held for purposes other than trading. The total fair value of our marketable equity securities was $339 million
and $481 million as of January 25, 2025 and July 27, 2024, respectively.
Privately Held Investments
These investments are recorded in other assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The total carrying