networks and applications, enabling us to deliver better experiences for our customers.
Internet Infrastructure primarily consists of our routed optical networking solutions. We are focusing on transforming connectivity to the Internet and the cloud environment by efficiently meeting the growing demand for low-latency and higher speeds. Our routed optical networking systems and our pluggable optic solutions, allow us to transform the economics of building and operating networks for our service provider customers, including our webscale customers. Cisco Silicon One is our single, unified, and scalable networking silicon architecture which we have expanded from a routing-focused solution to one which addresses the webscale switching market through the combination of its high-performance, feature-rich, and low-power characteristics. Our Cisco 8000 series routers, which are based on our Silicon One, provide broad capacity in high-density designs, allowing our customers to reduce operational footprints, lower carbon emissions, and transition to more efficient network architectures.
Our Enterprise Routing portfolio interconnects public and private wireline and mobile networks, delivering highly secure and reliable connectivity to campus, data center and branch networks. Our routing solutions are designed to meet the scale, reliability, and security needs of our large to small customers.
Our Wireless portfolio provides indoor and outdoor wireless coverage designed for seamless roaming use of voice, video, and data applications. These products include wireless access points and controllers that are on-premise and cloud managed, and which, combined with our Switching portfolio, delivers a converged access solution that is powerful, yet simple.
Security
Security consists of our Network Security, Identity and Access Management, Secure Access Service Edge (SASE) and Threat Intelligence, Detection, and Response offerings. Security is a leading priority for our customers, regardless of size or industry. We continue to invest in resources across our security portfolio focused on cloud-based offerings, AI-enhanced threat detection and end-to-end security architectures. Our Threat Intelligence, Detection, and Response offerings incorporate the technologies of Splunk to prevent, detect and respond to sophisticated cyber attacks. This product category includes the Splunk Platform and Splunk Security offerings after the acquisition of Splunk, although the Splunk Platform has use cases that can also be applicable for Observability offerings. With our acquisition of Splunk in the third quarter of fiscal 2024, we have begun to integrate our solutions, starting with Cisco Extended Detection and Response (XDR) and Splunk Enterprise Security. Additionally, we continue to invest in expanding our SASE architecture by delivering combined network and security functionality in a single cloud-native service.
Collaboration
Collaboration consists of our Webex Suite, Collaboration