acquired company over the fair value of net assets acquired, including contingent consideration. We perform goodwill impairment tests on an annual basis in the fourth fiscal quarter and between annual tests in certain circumstances for each reporting unit. The assessment of fair value for goodwill and purchased intangible assets is based on factors that market participants would use in an orderly transaction in accordance with the guidance for the fair value measurement of nonfinancial assets.
In response to changes in industry and market conditions, we could be required to strategically realign our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses, which could result in an impairment of goodwill. There was no impairment of goodwill in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022. For the annual impairment testing in fiscal 2024, the excess of the fair value over the carrying value for each of our reporting units was $47.0 billion for the Americas, $65.9 billion for EMEA, and $25.3 billion for APJC.
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we performed a sensitivity analysis for goodwill impairment with respect to each of our respective reporting units and determined that a hypothetical 10% decline in the fair value of each reporting unit would not result in an impairment of goodwill for any reporting unit.
Purchased Intangible Assets
The accounting for acquisitions requires significant estimates and judgments in the valuation of purchased intangible assets. Critical estimates used in the valuation of purchased intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, useful lives and discount rates. While our estimates of fair value are based on assumptions that are
35
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
believed to be reasonable, these assumptions are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and would not reflect unanticipated events and circumstances that may occur.
We make judgments about the recoverability of purchased intangible assets with finite lives whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may exist. Recoverability of purchased intangible assets with finite lives is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the asset group to the future undiscounted cash flows the asset group is expected to generate. We review indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. If the asset is considered impaired, the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the impaired asset. Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives of our purchased intangible assets are complex and subjective. They can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and