directors, employees, contractors, consultants and other personnel providing services to Cisco, as well as by Cisco itself, that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and The Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards. The foregoing summary of the Insider Trading Policy does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Insider Trading Policy attached hereto as Exhibit 19.1.
The additional information required by this item is included in our Proxy Statement related to the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after July 27, 2024 (the “Proxy Statement”) and is incorporated herein by reference.
The information required by this item is included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
The information required by this item is included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
The information required by this item is included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
The information required by this item is included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
PART IV
(a)
1.    Financial Statements
See the “Index to Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 53 of this report.
2.
Financial Statement Schedule
All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes herein.
3.
Exhibits
See the “Index to Exhibits” beginning on page 106 of this report.
105
Table of Contents
INDEX TO EXHIBITS
106
Table of Contents
None.
107
Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Charles H. Robbins and R. Scott Herren, jointly and severally, his attorney-in-fact, each with the full power of substitution, for such person, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might do or could do in person hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his substitute, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the