forecasts consistent with the valuation of our excess and obsolete inventory.
Our provision for inventory was $381 million and $258 million for the first six months of fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. The provision (benefit) from the liability related to purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers was a benefit of $24 million and a provision of $128 million for the first six months of fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. If there were to be a sudden and significant decrease in demand for our products, if there were a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology or customer requirements, or if supply constraints were to continue, we could be required to increase our inventory write-downs, and our liability for purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, and accordingly our profitability, could be adversely affected. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. For further discussion around the supply chain impacts and risks, see “—Results of Operations—Gross Margin—Supply Chain Impacts and Risks” and “—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Inventory Supply Chain.”
Loss Contingencies
We are subject to the possibility of various losses arising in the ordinary course of business. We consider the likelihood of the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss, in determining loss contingencies. An estimated loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We regularly evaluate information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be made or adjusted and whether new accruals are required.
Third parties, including customers, have in the past and may in the future assert claims or initiate litigation related to exclusive patent, copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights to technologies and related standards that are relevant to us. These assertions have increased over time as a result of our growth and the general increase in the pace of patent claims assertions, particularly in the United States. If any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us by any third party is successful, or if we fail to develop non-infringing technology or license the proprietary rights on commercially reasonable terms and conditions, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
Valuation of Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Our methodology for allocating the purchase price relating to purchase acquisitions is determined through established valuation techniques. Goodwill represents a residual value as of the acquisition date, which in most cases results in measuring goodwill as an excess of the purchase consideration transferred plus the fair value of any noncontrolling