material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. For additional information regarding intellectual property litigation, see “Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors—We may be found to infringe on intellectual property rights of others” herein.
15.
Stockholders’ Equity
(a)
Stock Repurchase Program
In September 2001, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program. On February 12, 2025, our Board of Directors authorized a $
15
billion increase to the stock repurchase program. The remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this program, including the additional authorization, is approximately $
17
billion, with no termination date.
The stock repurchase activity for fiscal 2025 and 2024 under the stock repurchase program, reported based on the trade date, is summarized as follows (in millions, except per-share amounts):
There were stock repurchases of $
21
million and $
25
million that were pending settlement January 25, 2025 and July 27, 2024, respectively.
The purchase price for the shares of our stock repurchased is reflected as a reduction to stockholders’ equity. We are required to allocate the purchase price of the repurchased shares as (i) a reduction to retained earnings or an increase to accumulated deficit and (ii) a reduction of common stock and additional paid-in capital.
(b)    Dividends Declared
On February 12, 2025, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $
0.41
per common share to be paid on April 23, 2025, to all stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 3, 2025. Future dividends will be subject to the approval of our Board of Directors.
(c)   Preferred Stock
Under the terms of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors is authorized to issue preferred stock in one or more series and, in connection with the creation of such series, to fix by resolution the designation, powers (including voting powers (if any)), preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, of such series, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the shares of such series. As of January 25, 2025, we have not issued any shares of preferred stock.
33
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Unaudited)
16.
Employee Benefit Plans
(a)
Employee Stock Incentive Plans
We have
one
stock incentive plan: the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2005 Plan”). In addition, we have, in connection with our acquisitions of various companies, assumed the share-based awards granted under stock incentive plans of the acquired companies or issued share-based awards in replacement thereof. Share-based awards are designed to reward employees for their long-term contributions to us and provide incentives for them to remain with us. The number and frequency of share-based awards are based on competitive practices, our operating results, government regulations, and other factors.
The 2005 Plan