charges related to asset impairments and restructurings, and certain other charges. We do not allocate these items to the gross margin for each segment because management does not include such information in measuring the performance of the operating segments.
Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding.
Three Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Three Months Ended January 27, 2024
We experienced a gross margin percentage increase in our Americas segment due to favorable product mix, positive impacts from productivity improvements and higher services gross margin, partially offset by pricing erosion.
Gross margin percentage in our EMEA segment increased primarily due to favorable product mix, productivity improvements and higher services gross margin, partially offset by pricing erosion.
The slight increase in the APJC segment gross margin percentage was primarily due to favorable product mix and positive impacts from productivity improvements, partially offset by pricing erosion.
Six Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Six Months Ended January 27, 2024
The Americas segment had a gross margin percentage increase driven by favorable product mix, and to a lesser extent, positive impacts from productivity improvements, partially offset by pricing erosion.
The gross margin percentage increase in our EMEA segment was primarily due to favorable product mix and positive impacts from productivity improvements, partially offset by pricing erosion.
The APJC segment gross margin percentage decrease was primarily driven by pricing erosion, partially offset by favorable product mix.
Research and Development (“R&D”), Sales and Marketing, and General and Administrative (“G&A”) Expenses
R&D, sales and marketing, and G&A expenses are summarized in the following table (in millions, except percentages):
50
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
R&D Expenses
Three Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Three Months Ended January 27, 2024
R&D expenses increased due to incremental expenses from Splunk, higher headcount-related expenses, higher cash compensation from acquisitions, higher share-based compensation expense, and higher discretionary spending.
We continue to invest in R&D in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D.
Six Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Six Months Ended January 27, 2024
R&D expenses increased due to incremental expenses from Splunk, higher headcount-related expenses, higher cash compensation from acquisitions, higher share-based compensation expense and higher discretionary spending.
Sales and Marketing