favorable product mix largely due to benefits from Splunk and productivity benefits, partially offset by negative impacts from pricing and the amortization of purchased intangible assets primarily related to Splunk.
Six Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Six Months Ended January 27, 2024
Product gross margin increased by 0.7 percentage points primarily driven by benefits from Splunk, favorable product mix, and productivity benefits, driven by an import duty benefit, partially offset by negative impacts from pricing and the amortization of purchased intangible assets primarily related to Splunk.
Supply Chain Impacts and Risks
In past periods, we took multiple actions in order to mitigate component shortages and address significant supply constraints. These supply constraints resulted in the need to secure long-term supply and increased inventory supply chain balances compared to historical levels. This in turn has significantly increased our supply chain exposure, which has resulted in negative impacts to our product gross margin in recent periods and may result in further negative impacts in future periods. This exposure includes potential material excess and obsolete or other charges if product demand significantly decreases for a sustained duration, we are unable to generate demand for certain products planned for development, or we are unable to mitigate the remaining supply chain exposures.
Services Gross Margin
Three Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Three Months Ended January 27, 2024
Our services gross margin percentage increased by 0.7 percentage points primarily due to higher sales volume and lower delivery costs, partially offset by higher headcount-related costs and an unfavorable mix of service offerings.
Our services gross margin normally experiences some fluctuations due to various factors such as the timing of contract initiations in our renewals, our strategic investments in headcount, and the resources we deploy to support the overall service business. Other factors include the mix of service offerings, as the gross margin from our advanced services is typically lower than the gross margin from technical support services.
Six Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Six Months Ended January 27, 2024
Services gross margin percentage increased by 0.7 percentage points primarily due to higher sales volume and lower delivery costs, partially offset by higher headcount-related costs and an unfavorable mix of service offerings.
49
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Gross Margin by Segment
The following table presents the total gross margin for each segment (in millions, except percentages):
(1)
The unallocated corporate items include the effects of amortization and impairments of acquisition-related intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, significant litigation settlements and other contingencies,