Revenue Code. All matching contributions vest immediately. Our matching contributions to the Plan totaled $
358
million, $
342
million, and $
306
million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
The Plan allows employees who meet the age requirements and reach the Plan contribution limits to make catch-up contributions (pretax or Roth) not to exceed the lesser of
75
% of their annual eligible earnings or the limit set forth in the Internal Revenue Code. Catch-up contributions are not eligible for matching contributions. In addition, the Plan provides for discretionary profit-sharing contributions as determined by the Board of Directors. Such contributions to the Plan are allocated among eligible participants in the proportion of their salaries to the total salaries of all participants. There were
no
discretionary profit-sharing contributions made in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022.
We also sponsor other 401(k) plans as a result of acquisitions of other companies. Our contributions to these plans were not material to Cisco on either an individual or aggregate basis for any of the fiscal years presented.
(g)
Deferred Compensation Plans
The Cisco Systems, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the “Deferred Compensation Plan”), a nonqualified deferred compensation plan, became effective in 2007. As required by applicable law, participation in the Deferred Compensation Plan is limited to a select group of our management employees. Under the Deferred Compensation Plan, which is an unfunded and unsecured deferred compensation arrangement, a participant may elect to defer base salary, bonus, and/or commissions, pursuant to such rules as may be established by Cisco, up to the maximum percentages for each deferral election as described in the plan. We may also, at our discretion, make a matching contribution to the employee under the Deferred Compensation Plan. A matching contribution equal to
4.5
% of eligible compensation in excess of the Internal Revenue Code limit for qualified plans for calendar year 2024 that is deferred by participants under the Deferred Compensation Plan (with a $
1.5
million cap on eligible compensation) will be made to eligible participants’ accounts at the end of calendar year 2024. The total deferred compensation liability under the Deferred Compensation Plan, together with deferred compensation plans assumed from acquired companies, was approximately $
1.1
billion
and $
910
million as of July 27, 2024 and July 29, 2023, respectively, and was recorded primarily in other long-term liabilities.
97
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
17.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
The components of AOCI, net of tax, and the other comprehensive income (loss) are summarized as follows (in millions):
98
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
18.
Income Taxes
(a)
Provision for Income Taxes
The provision for income taxes