CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
(c)
Capitalized Contract Acquisition Costs
We capitalize direct and incremental costs incurred to acquire contracts, primarily sales commissions, for which the associated revenue is expected to be recognized in future periods. We incur these costs in connection with both initial contracts and renewals. These costs are initially deferred and typically amortized over the term of the customer contract which corresponds to the period of benefit. Capitalized contract acquisition costs were
$
1.3
billion and $
1.1
billion as of July 27, 2024 and July 29, 2023, respectively, and were included in other current assets and other assets. The amortization expense associated with these costs was $
742
million, $
723
million, and $
679
million for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, and was included in sales and marketing expenses.
4.
Acquisitions
Acquisition of Splunk Inc.
On March 18, 2024, we completed the acquisition of Splunk Inc. (“Splunk”), a public cybersecurity and observability company. Under the terms of the agreement, we agreed to pay $
157
per share in cash, representing approximately $
27
billion in merger consideration.
Purchase Consideration
The following table summarizes the purchase consideration for the Splunk acquisition (in millions):
A summary of the preliminary allocation of the total purchase consideration for Splunk is presented as follows (in millions):
The purchase price allocation for Splunk is preliminary and subject to revision as additional information about fair value of assets and liabilities becomes available. Additional information that existed as of the acquisition date but is currently unknown to us may become known during the remainder of the measurement period, a period not to exceed 12 months from the acquisition date.
Our Consolidated Statements of Operations for fiscal 2024 includes revenue of approximately $
1.4
billion and a net loss of $
557
million attributable to Splunk since the date of acquisition.
71
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
We incurred $
82
million of transaction costs related to the Splunk acquisition and these costs were expensed as incurred in general and administrative expenses (“G&A”) expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We incurred $
79
million of these transaction costs in fiscal 2024.
In connection with the Splunk acquisition, we assumed $
3.1
billion aggregate principal amount of notes consisting of Splunk's
1.125
% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025,
0.75
% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 and
1.125
% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (collectively, the “Splunk Convertible Notes”). The Splunk Convertible Notes had an aggregate fair value of $
3.3
billion as of the acquisition date. The Splunk Convertible Notes are convertible and may be settled into cash based on a defined conversion ratio for each note. On the date of the