broker/dealer quotes, and other similar data, which are obtained from quoted market prices, independent pricing vendors, or other sources, to determine the ultimate fair value of these assets and liabilities. We use such pricing data as the primary input to make our assessments and determinations as to the ultimate valuation of our investment portfolio and have not made, during the periods presented, any material adjustments to such inputs. We are ultimately responsible for the financial statements and underlying estimates. Our derivative instruments are primarily classified as Level 2, as they are not actively traded and are valued using pricing models that use observable market inputs. We did not have any transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements during the periods presented.
25
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Unaudited)
(b)
Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
Our non-marketable equity securities using the measurement alternative are adjusted to fair value on a non-recurring basis. Adjustments are made when observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer occur, or due to impairment. These securities are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy because we estimate the value based on valuation methods using the observable transaction price at the transaction date and other unobservable inputs such as volatility, rights, and obligations of the securities we hold.
The fair value for purchased intangible assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis was categorized as Level 3 due to the use of significant unobservable inputs in the valuation. Significant unobservable inputs that were used included expected revenues and net income related to the assets and the expected life of the assets. The difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of the assets was recorded as an impairment charge, which was included in product cost of sales. See Note 5.
(c)  Other Fair Value Disclosures
The fair value of our short-term loan receivables approximates their carrying value due to their short duration. The aggregate carrying value of our long-term loan receivables was $
2.7
billion as of each of January 25, 2025 and July 27, 2024. The estimated fair value of our long-term loan receivables approximates their carrying value. We use unobservable inputs in determining discounted cash flows to estimate the fair value of our long-term loan receivables, and therefore they are categorized as Level 3.
As of January 25, 2025, the estimated fair value of our short-term debt
approximates its carrying value due to the short maturities. As of January 25, 2025, the fair value of our senior notes was $
20.2
billion with a carrying amount of $
20.1
billion. This compares to a fair value of $
20.4
billion and a carrying amount of $
20.1
billion as of July 27, 2024. The fair value of the senior notes was determined