2023
The Observability product category consists of our network assurance, monitoring and analytics and observability suite offerings. Revenue in our Observability product category increased by 27%, or $176 million, driven by growth in our ThousandEyes offering and the contribution from Observability Suite, our Splunk offering. Product revenue in the Observability product category increased 15%, not including the contribution from Splunk.
Fiscal 2023 Compared with Fiscal 2022
Revenue in our Observability product category increased 14%, or $80 million, driven by growth in our ThousandEyes and monitoring and analytics offerings.
Services Revenue by Segment
The following table presents the breakdown of services revenue by segment (in millions, except percentages):
Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding.
Services revenue increased 5%, driven by growth in our solution support, advisory services and software support offerings. The acquisition of Splunk also contributed to the growth in services revenue for fiscal 2024. Services revenue increased across all of our geographic segments. Services revenue grew 3%, not including the contribution from Splunk.
Gross Margin
The following table presents the gross margin for products and services (in millions, except percentages):
40
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Product Gross Margin
The following table summarizes the key factors that contributed to the change in product gross margin percentage from fiscal 2023 to fiscal 2024:
(1)
Productivity includes overall manufacturing-related costs, such as component costs, warranty expense, provision for inventory, freight, logistics, shipment volume, and other items not categorized elsewhere.
Product gross margin increased by 2.0 percentage points primarily driven by favorable product mix, productivity benefits, largely driven by lower freight and other costs, and benefits from Splunk. This was partially offset by the amortization of purchased intangible assets primarily related to Splunk, and negative impacts from pricing.
Supply Chain Impacts and Risks
In past periods, we took multiple actions in order to mitigate component shortages and address significant supply constraints. These supply constraints resulted in the need to secure long-term supply and increased inventory supply chain balances compared to historical levels. This in turn has significantly increased our supply chain exposure, which has resulted in negative impacts to our product gross margin in recent periods and may result in further negative impacts in future periods. This exposure includes potential material excess and obsolete or other charges if product demand significantly decreases for a sustained duration, we are unable to generate demand for certain products planned for development, or we are unable to mitigate the remaining supply chain exposures.
Services