transition tax on accumulated earnings for foreign subsidiaries as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is as follows (in millions):
Our remaining transition tax payable as of January 25, 2025 has been reduced to reflect the transition tax benefit of the U.S. Tax Court opinion in
Varian Medical Systems, Inc. v. Commissioner
. See Note 18.
17
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Unaudited)
8.
Leases
(a)
Lessee Arrangements
The following table presents our operating lease balances (in millions):
The components of our lease expenses were as follows (in millions):
Supplemental information related to our operating leases is as follows (in millions):
The weighted-average lease term was
5.4
years
and
4.9
years as of January 25, 2025 and July 27, 2024, respectively. The weighted-average discount rate was
4.1
% and
4.0
% as of January 25, 2025 and July 27, 2024, respectively.
The maturities of our operating leases (undiscounted) as of January 25, 2025 are as follows (in millions):
(b)
Lessor Arrangements
Our leases primarily represent sales-type leases with terms of
four years
on average. We provide leasing of our equipment and complementary third-party products primarily through our channel partners and distributors, for which the income arising from these leases is recognized through interest income. Interest income was $
16
million and $
33
million for the second quarter and the first six months of fiscal 2025, respectively, and $
16
million and $
30
million
for the corresponding periods of
fiscal 2024, respectively, and was included in interest income in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The net investment of our lease receivables is measured at the commencement date as the gross lease receivable, residual value less unearned income and allowance for credit loss. For additional information, see Note 9.
18
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Unaudited)
Future minimum lease payments on our lease receivables as of January 25, 2025 are summarized as follows (in millions):
Actual cash collections may differ from the contractual maturities due to early customer buyouts, refinancings, or defaults.
We provide financing of certain equipment through operating leases, and the amounts are included in property and equipment in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Amounts relating to equipment on operating lease assets held by us and the associated accumulated depreciation are summarized as follows (in millions):
Our operating lease income was $
9
million and $
20
million for the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2025, respectively, and $
15
million and $
31
million for the corresponding periods of fiscal 2024, respectively, and was included in product revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Minimum future rentals on noncancelable operating leases as of January 25, 2025 are summarized as follows (in millions):
9.