segments. In addition, we do not allocate amortization and impairment of acquisition-related intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, significant litigation settlements and other contingencies, charges related to asset impairments and restructurings, and certain other charges to the gross margin for each segment because management does not include this information in our measurement of the performance of the operating segments.
Summarized financial information by segment for the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2025 and 2024, based on our internal management system and as utilized by our Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”), is as follows (in millions):
Amounts may not sum due to rounding.
37
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Unaudited)
Revenue in the United States was $
7.4
billion and
$
6.7
billion for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, and $
14.8
billion and $
14.9
billion for the first six months of fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively.
(b)
Revenue for Groups of Similar Products and Services
We design and sell Internet Protocol (IP)-based networking and other products related to the communications and IT industry and provide services associated with these products and their use.
The following table presents revenue for groups of similar products and services (in millions):
Amounts may not sum due to rounding.
20.
Net Income per Share
The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share (in millions, except per-share amounts):
38
Table of Contents
Forward-Looking Statements
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including this Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “targets,” “goals,” “projects,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “momentum,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “continues,” “endeavors,” “strives,” “may,” variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks,