infrastructure to power AI training and inference workloads for both webscalers and enterprises. We help to scale our customers’ network infrastructure with high-density routers and switches, improved network management, and high-performance optics. We are reinventing data center operations for our customers by simplifying the configuration, monitoring, and maintenance of fabrics, compute, networking and storage.
We can help give customers visibility across the network, security solutions, applications and their own business data. With this breadth and scale of data, we can help deliver differentiated insights and context to customers, leading them to more informed proactive decisions and better business results.
For a discussion of the risks associated with our Strategy and Priorities, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” including the risk factor entitled “We depend upon the development of new products and services, and enhancements to existing products and services, and if we fail to predict and respond to emerging technological trends and customers’ changing needs, our operating results and market share may suffer.” For information regarding sales of our major products and services, see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
2
Table of Contents
Products and Services
Our products and services are grouped into the following categories:
Networking
Networking consists of our core networking technologies of switching, routing, wireless, and servers. These technologies consist of both hardware and software offerings, including software licenses and software-as-a-service (SaaS), that help our customers build networks, automate, modernize and transform their infrastructure. We believe it is critical for us to deliver continuous value to our customers. Our objective is to converge our on-premise solutions with our cloud managed solutions across our networking portfolio.
Our Switching portfolio encompasses campus switching as well as data center switching offerings. Our campus switching offerings provide the foundation for converged data, voice, video, and Internet of Things (IoT) services. These switches offer enhanced security and reliability and are designed to scale efficiently as our customers grow. Within campus switching are our Catalyst 9000 series of switches that include hardware with embedded software, along with a software subscription referred to as Cisco DNA. Cisco DNA provides automation, analytics and security features and can be centrally monitored, managed, and configured. Also, within campus switching we have a range of Meraki cloud-managed switches for customers who prefer ease of management in lean-IT environments. Our data center switching offerings, led by the Nexus 9000 series, provide the foundation for mission critical data centers with high availability, scalability, and security across traditional data centers and private and public cloud data centers. We continue to add greater visibility and analytics across our