July 29, 2023, respectively.
The maturities of our operating leases (undiscounted) as of July 27, 2024 are as follows (in millions):
(b)
Lessor Arrangements
Our leases primarily represent sales-type leases with terms of
four years
on average. We provide leasing of our equipment and complementary third-party products primarily through our channel partners and distributors, for which the income arising from these leases is recognized through interest income. Interest income for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 was $
65
million, $
51
million and $
54
million, respectively, and was included in interest income in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The net investment of our lease receivables is measured at the commencement date as the gross lease receivable, residual value less unearned income and allowance for credit loss. For additional information, see Note 9.
Future minimum lease payments on our lease receivables as of July 27, 2024 are summarized as follows (in millions):
Actual cash collections may differ from the contractual maturities due to early customer buyouts, refinancings, or defaults.
We provide financing of certain equipment through operating leases, and the amounts are included in property and equipment in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Amounts relating to equipment on operating lease assets held by us and the associated accumulated depreciation are summarized as follows (in millions):
79
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Our operating lease income for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 was $
58
million
, $
73
million and $
107
million, respectively, and was included in product revenue in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.
Minimum future rentals on noncancelable operating leases as of July 27, 2024 are summarized as follows (in millions):
9.
Financing Receivables
(a)
Financing Receivables
Financing receivables primarily consist of loan receivables and lease receivables. Loan receivables represent financing arrangements related to the sale of our hardware, software, and services (including technical support and advanced services), and also may include additional funding for other costs associated with network installation and integration of our products and services. Loan receivables have terms of
one year
to
three years
on average. Lease receivables represent sales-type leases resulting from the sale of Cisco’s and complementary third-party products and are typically collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. Lease receivables consist of arrangements with terms of
four years
on average.
A summary of our financing receivables is presented as follows (in millions):
80
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
(b)
Credit Quality of Financing Receivables
The tables below present our gross financing receivables, excluding residual value, less unearned income, categorized by our internal credit risk rating