reason, and is currently set to terminate at the 2030 Annual Meeting unless re-adopted or extended by our stockholders prior to or on such date.
Under the 2005 Plan’s share reserve feature, a distinction is made between the number of shares in the reserve attributable to (i) stock options and SARs and (ii) “full value” awards (i.e., stock grants and stock units). Shares issued as stock grants, pursuant to stock units or pursuant to the settlement of dividend equivalents are counted against shares available for issuance under the 2005 Plan on a
1.5
-to-1 ratio. For each share awarded as restricted stock or a restricted stock unit award under the 2005 Plan,
1.5
shares was deducted from the available share-based award balance. If awards issued under the 2005 Plan are forfeited or terminated for any reason before being exercised or settled, then the shares underlying such awards, plus the number of additional shares, if any, that counted against shares available for issuance under the 2005 Plan at the time of grant as a result of the application of the share ratio described above, will become available again for issuance under the 2005 Plan. As of July 27, 2024,
156
million shares were authorized for future grant under the 2005 Plan.
(b)
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
We have an Employee Stock Purchase Plan under which eligible employees are offered shares through a
24
-month offering period, which consists of
four
consecutive
6
-month purchase periods. Employees may purchase a limited amount of shares of our stock at a discount of up to
15
% of the lesser of the fair market value at the beginning of the offering period or the end of each
6
-month purchase period. The Employee Stock Purchase Plan is scheduled to terminate on the earlier of (i) January 3, 2030 and (ii) the date on which all shares available for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan are sold pursuant to exercised purchase rights. We issued
20
million,
19
million, and
18
million shares under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. As of July 27, 2024,
68
million shares were available for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
94
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
(c)
Summary of Share-Based Compensation Expense
Share-based compensation expense consists of expenses for RSUs, stock purchase rights, and stock options, granted to employees or assumed from acquisitions. The following table summarizes share-based compensation expense (in millions):
As of July 27, 2024, the total compensation cost related to unvested share-based awards not yet recognized was $
4.6
billion, which is expected to be recognized over approximately
1.8
years on a weighted-average basis.
(d)
Restricted Stock Unit Awards
A summary of the restricted stock and stock unit activity, which includes time-based and performance-based or market-based RSUs, is as follows (in millions, except per-share amounts):
95