to intercompany realignments; by changes in accounting principles; or by changes in tax laws and regulations, treaties, or interpretations thereof, including changes to the taxation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, the deductibility of expenses attributable to foreign income, and the foreign tax credit rules. Significant judgment is required to determine the recognition and measurement attributes prescribed in the accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes. The OECD, an international association comprised of 38 countries, including the United States, has made changes, including a Pillar Two framework that imposes a minimum tax rate of 15% in each taxing jurisdiction, and is contemplating additional changes to numerous long-standing tax principles. There can be no assurance that these changes and any contemplated changes if finalized, once adopted by countries, will not have an adverse impact on our provision for income taxes. As a result of certain of our ongoing employment and capital investment actions and commitments, our income in certain countries was subject to reduced tax rates. Our failure to meet these commitments could adversely impact our provision for income taxes. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.
36
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 is presented below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022, with the exception of Product Revenue by Category, which is discussed herein, can be found under Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 29, 2023, filed with the SEC on September 7, 2023.
Revenue
The following table presents the breakdown of revenue between product and services (in millions, except percentages):
Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding.
Total revenue for fiscal 2024 includes approximately $1.4 billion relating to the acquisition of Splunk, which consisted of approximately $1.1 billion in product revenue and approximately $240 million in services revenue.
We manage our business primarily on a geographic basis, organized into three geographic segments. Our revenue, which includes product and services for each segment, is summarized in the following table (in millions, except percentages):
Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to