team leader check-ins, which we refer to as a “Team Space Check-In.” In fiscal 2024, we have seen a high level of employee engagement. As an example, there were approximately 2.3 million Team Space Check-Ins by our employees in fiscal 2024, reflecting approximately 70,300 employees (excludes employees who recently joined Cisco during fiscal 2024 through the Splunk acquisition) submitting Team Space Check-Ins. Employees also participate in our global Engagement Pulse Survey and the Real Deal Survey. These surveys allow our employees to provide confidential feedback on our culture, company strategy and trust in their direct leaders.
Purpose Report and ESG Reporting Hub
Additional information regarding Cisco’s ESG initiatives and progress can be found in our annual Purpose Report and on our ESG Reporting Hub at https://www.cisco.com/go/esg-hub.
The contents of our Purpose Report, our ESG Reporting Hub and related supplemental information are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC.
10
Table of Contents
Information about our Executive Officers
The following table shows the name, age, and position as of August 31, 2024 of each of our executive officers:
Mr. Robbins
serves as our Chief Executive Officer since July 2015, as a member of the Board of Directors since May 2015, and as Chair of the Board since December 2017. Mr. Robbins joined Cisco in December 1997, from which time until March 2002 he held a number of managerial positions within Cisco’s sales organization. Mr. Robbins was promoted to Vice President in March 2002, assuming leadership of Cisco’s U.S. channel sales organization. Additionally, in July 2005, Mr. Robbins assumed leadership of Cisco’s Canada channel sales organization. In December 2007, Mr. Robbins was promoted to Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial, and, in August 2009 he was appointed Senior Vice President, U.S. Enterprise, Commercial and Canada. In July 2011, Mr. Robbins was named Senior Vice President, Americas. In October 2012, Mr. Robbins was promoted to Senior Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations, in which position he served until assuming the role of Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Robbins is also a member of the board of directors of BlackRock, Inc. (since 2017).
Mr. Herren
joined Cisco in December 2020 and serves as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Cisco, Mr. Herren served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Autodesk, Inc. (“Autodesk”) since November 2014. Prior to joining Autodesk, Mr. Herren served as Senior Vice President of Finance at Citrix Systems, Inc. (“Citrix”) from September 2011 to October 2014, and in a variety of other leadership roles after joining Citrix in March 2000, including as Vice President and Managing Director for EMEA and Vice President and General Manager of Citrix’s virtualization systems group. Before joining Citrix, Mr. Herren spent over 15