arrangements have been immaterial. Where we provide a guarantee, we defer the revenue associated with the channel partner financing arrangement in accordance with revenue recognition policies, or we record a liability for the fair value of the guarantees. In either case, the deferred revenue is recognized as revenue when the guarantee is removed. As of January 25, 2025, the total maximum potential future payments related to these guarantees was approximately $125 million, of which approximately $13 million was recorded as deferred revenue.
Borrowings
Senior Notes
The following table summarizes the principal amount of our senior notes (in millions):
Interest is payable semiannually on each class of the senior fixed-rate notes, each of which is redeemable by us at any time, subject to a make-whole premium. We were in compliance with all debt covenants as of January 25, 2025.
Commercial Paper
We have a short-term debt financing program in which up to $15.0 billion is available through the issuance of commercial paper notes. We use the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper notes for general corporate purposes. We had $10.9 billion in commercial paper notes outstanding as of each of January 25, 2025 and July 27, 2024.
Credit Facility
On February 2, 2024, we entered into an amended and restated 5-year $5.0 billion unsecured revolving credit agreement. The interest rate for the credit agreement is determined based on a formula using certain market rates. The credit agreement requires that we comply with certain covenants, including that we maintain an interest coverage ratio (defined in the agreement as the ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense) of not less than 3.0 to 1.0. As of January 25, 2025, we were in compliance with all associated covenants and we had not borrowed any funds under our credit agreement.
57
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Remaining Performance Obligations
The following table presents the breakdown of remaining performance obligations (in millions):
Total remaining performance obligations as of January 25, 2025 increased 1% compared to the end of fiscal 2024. Remaining performance obligations for product increased by 1% compared to the end of fiscal 2024. Remaining performance obligations for services were flat. We expect approximately 51% of total remaining performance obligations to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months.
Deferred Revenue
The following table presents the breakdown of deferred revenue (in millions):
Total deferred revenue decreased 2% compared to the end of fiscal 2024. The decrease in deferred product revenue of 1% was primarily due to lower business volume. The decrease in deferred services revenue of 3% was driven by lower business volume and ongoing amortization of deferred services revenue.
Contractual Obligations
Transition Tax Payable
The income tax payable