approximately
7
% of our global workforce, with estimated pre-tax charges of up to $
1
billion consisting of severance and other one-time termination benefits, and other costs. We expect this plan to be substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2025.
In the third quarter of fiscal 2024, we initiated a restructuring plan (the “Fiscal 2024 Plan”), in order to realign the organization and enable further investment in key priority areas, of which approximately
5
% of our global workforce would be impacted. In connection with the Fiscal 2024 Plan, we incurred charges of $
654
million for fiscal 2024 and the plan is substantially complete. The aggregate pretax charges related to this plan were primarily cash-based and consist of severance and other one-time termination benefits and other costs.
We initiated a restructuring plan in fiscal 2023 (the “Fiscal 2023 Plan”), which was completed in fiscal 2024. In connection with the Fiscal 2023 Plan, we incurred cumulative charges of $
670
million. The aggregate pretax charges related to this plan were primarily cash-based and consist of severance and other one-time termination benefits, real estate-related charges, and other costs.
The following table summarizes the activities related to the restructuring and other charges, as discussed above (in millions):
76
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
7.
Balance Sheet and Other Details
The following tables provide details of selected balance sheet and other items (in millions, except percentages):
Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
Our restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents are funds primarily related to contractual obligations with suppliers.
Inventories
Property and Equipment, Net
Remaining Performance Obligations (RPO)
Unbilled contract revenue represents noncancelable contracts for which we have not invoiced, have an obligation to perform, and revenue has not yet been recognized in the financial statements.
77
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Deferred Revenue
Transition Tax Payable
Our income tax payable associated with the one-time U.S. transition tax on accumulated earnings for foreign subsidiaries as a result of the Tax Act is as follows (in millions):
Our noncurrent transition tax payable of $
2.3
billion as of July 27, 2024 will be due in fiscal 2026.
8.
Leases
(a)
Lessee Arrangements
The following table presents our operating lease balances (in millions):
The components of our lease expenses were as follows (in millions):
78
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Supplemental information related to our operating leases is as follows (in millions):
The weighted-average lease term was
4.9
years and
4.6
years as of July 27, 2024 and July 29, 2023, respectively. The weighted-average discount rate was
4.0
% and
3.1
% as of July 27, 2024 and