by growth in our Contact Center, CPaaS and Collaboration Devices offerings, partially offset by declines in our On-Prem Webex Suite offerings.
Six Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Six Months Ended January 27, 2024
Revenue from our Collaboration product category decreased by 1%, or $25 million, primarily driven by declines in our On-Prem Webex Suite offerings, partially offset by growth in our Contact Center and CPaaS offerings.
47
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Observability
Three Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Three Months Ended January 27, 2024
The Observability product category consists of our network assurance, monitoring and analytics and observability suite offerings. Revenue in our Observability product category increased 47%, or $89 million, primarily driven by our Observability Suite offerings. Excluding Splunk, revenue in the Observability product category increased 3%.
Six Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Six Months Ended January 27, 2024
Revenue from the Observability product category increased by 42%, or $157 million, driven by primarily by our Observability Suite offerings. Excluding Splunk, revenue in the Observability product category increased 2%.
Services Revenue by Segment
The following table presents the breakdown of services revenue by segment (in millions, except percentages):
Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding.
Services revenue increased 6% in the second quarter of fiscal 2025 compared with the second quarter of fiscal 2024, primarily driven by Splunk and advisory services. Services revenue increased across all of our geographic segments for the second quarter of fiscal 2025.
Services revenue increased 6% in the first six months of fiscal 2025 compared to the first six months of fiscal 2024, primarily driven by Splunk and revenue growth in our solution support offerings, network support offerings and advisory services. Services revenue increased across each of our geographic segments.
Gross Margin
The following table presents the gross margin for products and services (in millions, except percentages):
48
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Product Gross Margin
The following table summarizes the key factors that contributed to the change in product gross margin percentage for the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2025, as compared with the corresponding prior year periods:
(1)
Productivity includes overall manufacturing-related costs, such as component costs, warranty expense, provision for inventory, freight, logistics, shipment volume, and other items not categorized elsewhere.
Three Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Three Months Ended January 27, 2024
Product gross margin increased by 1.0 percentage points primarily driven by