uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those identified below under “Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and elsewhere herein. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason.
OVERVIEW
Cisco designs and sells a broad range of technologies that help to power, secure, and draw insights from the Internet. We are integrating artificial intelligence (AI) into our product portfolios across networking, security, collaboration and observability to simplify how our technology is delivered, managed and optimized and to help customers maximize the business value of their technology investments and accelerate their digital transformation.
A summary of our results is as follows (in millions, except percentages and per-share amounts):
NM – Not Meaningful
Percentages may not recalculate due to rounding.
39
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Three Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Three Months Ended January 27, 2024
In the second quarter of fiscal 2025, we delivered strong revenue growth across all geographies and solid margins as we saw a positive demand environment. Total revenue increased by 9% compared with the second quarter of fiscal 2024. Excluding Splunk, total revenue decreased 1% compared with the second quarter of fiscal 2024. Within total revenue, product revenue increased by 11% and services revenue increased by 6%. In the second quarter of fiscal 2025, total software revenue was $5.5 billion across all product areas and services, an increase of 33%, primarily driven by the contribution of Splunk. Total subscription revenue increased 23%, primarily driven by the contribution of Splunk.
Total gross margin increased by 0.9 percentage points. Product gross margin increased by 1.0 percentage points, largely driven by benefits from Splunk and productivity improvements, partially offset by pricing erosion. As a percentage of revenue, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses, collectively, increased by 1.5 percentage points. Operating income as a percentage of revenue decreased by 1.9 percentage points primarily driven by incremental operating expenses from Splunk and higher amortization of purchased intangible assets in the second quarter of fiscal 2025. Diluted earnings per share decreased 6%, driven by a decrease of 8% in net income, partially offset by a decrease in diluted share count of 68 million shares.
In terms of our geographic segments, revenue from the Americas increased by $692 million, EMEA revenue increased by $371 million and APJC revenue increased by $136 million. From a customer market standpoint, we experienced product revenue growth across all of our customer markets. From a product category