rounding.
Total revenue in fiscal 2024 decreased by 6% compared with fiscal 2023. Product revenue decreased by 9% and services revenue increased by 5%. Our total revenue reflected declines across each of our geographic segments.
In addition to the impact of macroeconomic factors, including the IT spending environment and the level of spending by government entities, revenue by segment in a particular period may be significantly impacted by the timing of revenue recognition for complex transactions with multiple performance obligations. In addition, certain customers tend to make large and sporadic purchases, and the revenue related to these transactions may also be affected by the timing of revenue recognition, which in turn would impact the revenue of the relevant segment.
37
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Product Revenue by Segment
The following table presents the breakdown of product revenue by segment (in millions, except percentages):
Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding.
Americas
Product revenue in the Americas segment decreased by 8%. The product revenue decrease was driven by declines in the enterprise and service provider and cloud markets, partially offset by growth in the public sector market. The acquisition of Splunk contributed $784 million of product revenue to the Americas segment in fiscal 2024. From a country perspective, product revenue decreased by 7% in the United States, 11% in Canada, 10% in Mexico and 11% in Brazil.
EMEA
The decrease in product revenue in the EMEA segment of 10% was driven by declines across each of our customer markets. The acquisition of Splunk contributed $228 million of product revenue to the EMEA segment for fiscal 2024. From a country perspective, product revenue decreased by 10% in the United Kingdom, 14% in Germany and 11% in France.
APJC
Product revenue in the APJC segment decreased by 13%, driven by declines across each of our customer markets. The acquisition of Splunk contributed $122 million of product revenue to the APJC segment in fiscal 2024. From a country perspective, product revenue decreased by 8% in Japan, 5% in Australia, 17% in India and 35% in China.
38
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Product Revenue by Category
In addition to the primary view on a geographic basis, we also prepare financial information related to product categories and customer markets for various purposes. Effective fiscal 2024, we began reporting our product revenue in the following categories: Networking, Security, Collaboration, and Observability and conformed our product revenue for prior periods to the current year presentation.
The following table presents product revenue by category (in millions, except percentages):
Amounts may not sum and percentages may not