to rounding.
Networking consists of our core networking technologies of switching, routing, wireless, and servers. These technologies consist of both hardware and software offerings, including software licenses and SaaS. Our hardware and perpetual software in this category are distinct performance obligations where revenue is recognized upfront upon transfer of control. Term software licenses are multiple performance obligations where the term license is recognized upfront upon transfer of control with the associated software maintenance revenue recognized ratably over the contract term. SaaS arrangements in this category have one distinct performance obligation which is satisfied over time with revenue recognized ratably over the contract term.
Security consists of our Network Security, Identity and Access Management, SASE and Threat Intelligence, Detection, and Response offerings. These products consist of both hardware and software offerings, including software licenses and SaaS. Updates and upgrades for the term software licenses are critical for our software to perform its intended commercial purpose because of the continuous need for our software to secure our customers’ network environments against frequent threats. Therefore, security software licenses are generally represented by a single distinct performance obligation with revenue recognized ratably over the contract term. Our hardware and perpetual software in this category are distinct performance obligations where revenue is recognized upfront upon transfer of control. SaaS arrangements in this category have one distinct performance obligation which is satisfied over time with revenue recognized ratably over the contract term.
Collaboration consists of our Webex Suite, Collaboration Devices, Contact Center and CPaaS offerings. These products consist primarily of software offerings, including software licenses and SaaS, as well as hardware. Our perpetual software and hardware in this category are distinct performance obligations where revenue is recognized upfront upon transfer of control. Term software licenses are multiple performance obligations where the term license is recognized upfront upon transfer of control with the associated software maintenance revenue recognized ratably over the contract term. SaaS arrangements in this category have one distinct performance obligation which is satisfied over time with revenue recognized ratably over the contract term.
Observability consists of our network assurance, monitoring and analytics and observability suite offerings. These products consist primarily of software offerings, including software licenses and SaaS. Our perpetual software in this category are distinct performance obligations where revenue is recognized upfront upon transfer of control. Term software licenses are multiple performance obligations where the term license is recognized upfront upon transfer of control with the associated software maintenance revenue