areas and key growth opportunities. As a result, the overall cost savings from these restructuring plans are not expected to be material for future periods.
43
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Operating Income
The following table presents our operating income and our operating income as a percentage of revenue (in millions, except percentages):
Operating income decreased by 19%, and as a percentage of revenue operating income decreased by 3.8 percentage points. These changes were primarily from a revenue decrease, incremental operating expenses from Splunk, higher restructuring and other charges and higher amortization of purchased intangible assets, partially offset by a gross margin percentage increase (driven by favorable product mix, productivity benefits, partially offset by negative impacts from pricing).
Interest and Other Income (Loss), Net
Interest Income (Expense), Net
The following table summarizes interest income and interest expense (in millions):
Interest income increased driven by a higher average balance of cash and available-for-sale debt investments and higher interest rates. The increase in interest expense was primarily driven by higher interest rates and the issuances of senior notes and commercial paper during fiscal 2024. We incurred incremental net interest expense of approximately $500 million during fiscal 2024 to finance the acquisition of Splunk. We expect lower interest income in future periods due to a lower average balance of cash and available-for-sale debt investments and higher interest expense due to the higher outstanding balance of debt.
Other Income (Loss), Net
The components of other income (loss), net, are summarized as follows (in millions):
The change in our other income (loss), net was primarily driven by higher losses in our available-for-sale debt investments and unfavorable impacts from foreign exchange, partially offset by higher gains on our marketable equity investments and lower net losses on our privately held investments.
Provision for Income Taxes
The provision for income taxes resulted in an effective tax rate of 15.6% for fiscal 2024, compared with 17.7% for fiscal 2023. The net 2.1 percentage points decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to an increase in discrete tax benefits relating to prior year return-to-provision true up and an increase in stock-based compensation windfall benefit.
For a full reconciliation of our effective tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% and for further explanation of our provision for income taxes, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
44
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The following sections discuss the effects of changes in our balance sheet, our capital allocation strategy