respectively. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax audit for returns covering tax years through fiscal 2016. We are no longer subject to foreign or state income tax audits for returns covering tax years through fiscal 2003 and fiscal 2008, respectively.
We regularly engage in discussions and negotiations with tax authorities regarding tax matters in various jurisdictions. We believe it is reasonably possible that certain federal, foreign, and state tax matters may be concluded in the next 12 months. Specific positions that may be resolved include issues involving transfer pricing and various other matters. We estimate that the unrecognized tax benefits at July 27, 2024 could be reduced by $
100
million in the next 12 months.
(b)
Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
The following table presents the breakdown for net deferred tax assets (in millions):
100
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
The following table presents the components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities (in millions):
The changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets are summarized as follows (in millions):
As of July 27, 2024, our federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards before valuation allowance for income tax purposes were $
1.4
billion, $
1.9
billion, and $
531
million, respectively. A significant amount of the net operating loss carryforwards relates to acquisitions and, as a result, is limited in the amount that can be recognized in any one year. If not utilized, the federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal 2025. We have provided a valuation allowance of $
86
million and $
10
million for deferred tax assets related to foreign and state net operating losses respectively that are not expected to be realized.
As of July 27, 2024, our federal, state, and foreign tax credit carryforwards for income tax purposes before valuation allowance were approximately $
309
million, $
1.9
billion, and $
11
million, respectively. The federal tax credit carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal 2026. The majority of state and foreign tax credits can be carried forward indefinitely. We have provided a valuation allowance of $
878
million for deferred tax assets related to state and foreign tax credits carryforwards that are not expected to be realized.
101
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
19.
Segment Information and Major Customers
(a)
Revenue and Gross Margin by Segment
We conduct business globally and are primarily managed on a geographic basis consisting of
three
segments: the Americas, EMEA, and APJC. Our management makes financial decisions and allocates resources based on the information it receives from our internal management system. Sales are attributed to a segment based on the ordering location of the customer. We do not allocate research and development, sales