losses are each measured by multiplying the exposure probability of default, the probability the asset will default within a given time frame, by the loss given default rate, the percentage of the asset not expected to be collected due to default, based on the pool of assets.
Probability of default rates are published quarterly by third-party credit agencies. Adjustments to our internal credit risk ratings may take into account including, but not limited to, various customer-specific factors, the potential sovereign risk of the geographic locations in which the customer is operating and macroeconomic conditions. These factors are updated regularly or when facts and circumstances indicate that an update is deemed necessary.
(g) Financing Receivables and Guarantees
We provide financing arrangements, including loan receivables and lease receivables, for certain qualified end-user customers to build, maintain, and upgrade their networks. Loan receivables represent financing arrangements related to the sale of our hardware, software, and services (including technical support and advanced services), and also may include additional funding for other costs associated with network installation and integration of our products and services. Loan receivables have terms of
one year
to
three years
on average. Lease receivables represent sales-type leases resulting from the sale of Cisco’s and complementary third-party products and are typically collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. Lease receivables consist of arrangements with terms of
four years
on average.
Outstanding financing receivables that are aged
31
days or more from the contractual payment date are considered past due. We do not accrue interest on financing receivables that are considered impaired and more than
120
days past due unless either the receivable has not been collected due to administrative reasons or the receivable is well secured and in the process of collection. Financing receivables may be placed on nonaccrual status earlier if, in management’s opinion, a timely collection of the full principal and interest becomes uncertain. After a financing receivable has been categorized as nonaccrual, interest will be recognized when cash is received. A financing receivable may be returned to accrual status after all of the customer’s delinquent balances of principal and interest have been settled, and the customer remains current for an appropriate period.
We facilitate arrangements for third-party financing extended to channel partners, consisting of revolving short-term financing, generally with payment terms ranging from
60
to
90
days. In certain instances, these financing arrangements result in a transfer of our receivables to the third party. The receivables are derecognized upon transfer, as these transfers qualify as true sales, and we receive a payment for the receivables from the third party based on our standard payment terms. These financing arrangements