interest, and $
276
million for various penalties, all determined using an exchange rate as of January 25, 2025.
We have completed a thorough review of the matters and believe the asserted claims against our Brazilian subsidiary are without merit, and we are defending the claims vigorously. While we believe there is no legal basis for the alleged liability, due to the complexities and uncertainty surrounding the judicial process in Brazil and the nature of the claims asserting joint liability with the importer, we are unable to determine the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome against our Brazilian subsidiary and are unable to reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any. We do not expect a final judicial determination for several years.
Centripetal
On February 13, 2018, Centripetal Networks, Inc. (“Centripetal”) asserted patent infringement claims against us in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, alleging that several of our products and services infringe
eleven
Centripetal U.S. patents. After
two
bench trials and various administrative actions and appeals, we have been found either to not have infringed any of the patents or the patents have been invalidated. Centripetal appealed
one
of the invalidity decisions and we are awaiting the decision following the Federal Circuit hearing on that appeal on February 6, 2025. Centripetal’s appeal of the non-infringement judgment of the District Court is ongoing.
Between April 2020 and February 2022, Centripetal also filed complaints in the District Court of Dusseldorf in Germany (“German Court”), asserting a total of
five
patents and
one
utility model. Centripetal sought damages and injunctive relief in all cases. In various proceedings in 2021, 2022, and 2023, we have been found to have not infringed
three
patents,
one
patent was invalidated, and the utility model was invalidated. The infringement action on the final patent is stayed due to an invalidity action heard on June 6, 2024 in the Federal Patent Court, in which all claims, aside from one auxiliary claim, were found invalid, and for which we are awaiting the entry of judgment from the Federal Patent Court. Centripetal’s appeals of two of the non-infringement findings remain pending and, on March 27, 2024, the Court of Appeals rejected Centripetal’s appeal of the third non-infringement finding.
On July 10, 2023, Centripetal filed a complaint in the Paris Judiciary Court asserting the French counterpart of a European Patent. Centripetal seeks damages and injunctive relief in the case. Centripetal previously asserted the German counterpart of the same European Patent in Germany and the German Court rejected Centripetal’s complaint finding no infringement. We have filed our response and defenses to the complaint and the case briefing is ongoing. While the Court has not set a final hearing date, we anticipate that it will occur in the third calendar quarter of 2025.
Due to uncertainty surrounding patent litigation processes