increase our efforts in procuring components in order to meet customer expectations, which in turn contributes to an increase in inventory and purchase commitments. These increases in our inventory and purchase commitments to shorten lead times could also lead to potential material excess and obsolete inventory charges or other negative impacts to our product gross margin in future periods if product demand significantly decreases for a sustained duration, we are unable to generate demand for certain products planned for development, or we are unable to continue to mitigate the remaining supply chain exposures. Product demand conditions for future periods can be difficult to predict or may persist longer than anticipated. We plan our operating expense levels based primarily on forecasted revenue levels. These expenses and the impact of long-term commitments are relatively fixed in the short term. A shortfall in revenue could lead to operating results being below expectations because we may not be able to quickly reduce these fixed expenses in response to short-term business changes. Any of the above factors could materially harm our operations and financial results. For additional information and a further discussion of impacts and risks related to our inventory commitments and our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, see “Results of Operations—Product Gross Margin—Supply Chain Impacts and Risks”, “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Inventory Supply Chain” under Item 7 and Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this report.
13
Table of Contents
Supply chain issues, including financial problems of contract manufacturers or component suppliers, or a shortage of adequate component supply or manufacturing capacity that increase our costs or cause a delay in our ability to fulfill orders, could have an adverse impact on our business and operating results, and our failure to estimate customer demand properly may result in excess or obsolete component supply, which could negatively impact our gross margins.
The fact that we do not own or operate the bulk of our manufacturing facilities and that we are reliant on our extended supply chain could have an adverse impact on the supply of our products and on our business and operating results. Financial problems of either contract manufacturers or component suppliers, reservation of manufacturing capacity at our contract manufacturers by other companies, and industry consolidation occurring within one or more component supplier markets, such as the semiconductor market, in each case, could either limit supply or increase costs.
A reduction or interruption in supply, including disruptions on our global supply chain, caused in part by public health emergencies, geopolitical tensions (including as a result of China-Taiwan relations) or a significant natural disaster (including as a result of climate change); a significant increase in the price of one or more components