acquisition, we notified holders of their right to convert their notes. In addition, we assumed Splunk’s capped call contracts which were intended to reduce potential dilution or offset any cash payments. The capped calls were settled in full in the third quarter of fiscal 2024, which resulted in receipt of aggregate cash proceeds of $
202
million, and were included in other current assets in total purchase consideration noted above. As of July 27, 2024, we have settled $
3.1
billion of the Splunk Convertible Notes, net of capped calls.
The goodwill generated from Splunk is primarily related to expected synergies. Goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes.
Purchased Intangible Assets
The following table presents as of the acquisition date details of the purchased intangible assets acquired (in millions, except years):
The majority of customer-related intangible assets relates to customer contracts and related relationships. The customer contracts and related relationships intangible asset represents the fair value of future projected revenue that will be derived from sales of products to existing customers of Splunk. The asset was valued using the with-and-without method under the income approach. In the with-and-without method, the fair value was measured by the difference between the present values of the cash flows with and without the existing customers in place over the period of time necessary to reacquire the customers. The present value of projected future cash flows included significant judgment and
assumptions regarding projected future revenues, projected expenses, attrition rates, the revenue build up period, and the discount rate.
Technology represents the preliminary estimated fair value of Splunk’s security and observability technologies. The technology intangible asset was valued using the multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach. This method reflects the present value of the projected cash flows that are expected to be generated by the technology asset less charges representing the contribution of other assets to those cash flows. The present value of projected future cash flows included significant judgment and assumptions regarding projected future revenues, projected expenses, the technology obsolescence rate, and the discount rate.
Trade name represents the preliminary estimated fair value of the Splunk trade name. The fair value was determined by applying the relief-from-royalty method under the income approach. This method is based on the application of a royalty rate to forecasted revenue under the trade name.
Compensation Expense Related to Splunk
In connection with the Splunk acquisition, we have agreed to pay certain additional amounts contingent upon the continued employment with Cisco of certain Splunk employees. For fiscal 2024, the compensation expense was
$
413
million. As of July 27, 2024, we estimated that future cash compensation expense of up to $
1.1
billion may be required to be