Even when we prioritize a vulnerability or security defect, in certain instances it has taken, and in the future could take, time for us to develop a remedy and the remedy may ultimately be insufficient to fully fix the issue. In addition, workarounds or other mitigation efforts in certain instances have not been, and in the future may not be, available or sufficient to protect customers prior to a security update being made available. Vulnerabilities can persist even after we have issued security updates if we have not identified and addressed the root cause of a particular vulnerability, if customers have not installed the most recent updates, if the attackers exploited the vulnerabilities before a security update is applied to install additional malware to further compromise customers’ systems, or if a previously patched vulnerability is inadvertently reintroduced due to a security regression during future development. Additionally, customers may also need to test security updates before they can be deployed which can delay implementation. When customers do not deploy security updates in a timely manner, use solutions that are end of life and no longer receive security updates, or decide not to upgrade to the latest versions of our solutions containing the security update, they are left vulnerable. In addition, we rely on third-party providers of software and cloud-based services on which our and third-party data is stored or processed, and we cannot control the timing at which third-party providers remedy vulnerabilities, which could leave us vulnerable. Failure to comply with internal security policies and standards, including secure development lifecycle practices, failure to prevent or promptly mitigate vulnerabilities and security defects, prioritization errors in remedying vulnerabilities or security defects, failure of third-party providers to remedy vulnerabilities or security defects, or customers not deploying
25
Table of Contents
security updates in a timely manner or deciding not to upgrade solutions could, in each case, result in claims of legal and/or regulatory action against us, damage our reputation, or otherwise materially harm our business.
Our actual or perceived failure to adequately protect personal data could result in claims of legal and/or regulatory action against us, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business.
Global privacy and data protection-related laws and regulations are evolving, extensive, and complex. Compliance with these laws and regulations is difficult and costly. In addition, evolving legal requirements restricting or controlling the collection, processing, or cross-border transmission of data, including for regulation of cloud-based services, could materially affect our customers’ ability to use, and our ability to sell, our products and services. The interpretation and application of these laws in some instances is uncertain, and our legal and regulatory obligations are subject to