Additionally, volatility, lack of positive performance in our stock price or changes to our overall compensation program, including our stock incentive program, may negatively impact our ability to retain key employees, virtually all of whom are compensated, in part, based on the performance of our stock price.
76
Table of Contents
(a)
None.
(b)
None.
(c)
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (in millions, except per-share amounts):
On September 13, 2001, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase program. On February 12, 2025, our Board of Directors authorized a $15 billion increase to the stock repurchase program. The remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this program, including the additional authorization, is approximately $17 billion with no termination date.
For the majority of restricted stock units granted, the number of shares issued on the date the restricted stock units vest is net of shares withheld to meet applicable tax withholding requirements. Although these withheld shares are not issued or considered common stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program, and therefore are not included in the preceding table, they are treated as common stock repurchases in our financial statements as they reduce the number of shares that would have been issued upon vesting.
None.
Not applicable.
Rule 10b5-1
Trading Arrangements
On
November 15, 2024
,
Deborah L. Stahlkopf
, Cisco’s
Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer
,
adopted
a trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. Ms. Stahlkopf’s trading plan provides for the sale of
313,907
gross shares (with any shares underlying performance-based equity awards being calculated at target), plus any related dividend-equivalent shares earned with respect to such shares and excluding, as applicable, any shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the net settlement of the equity awards. Ms. Stahlkopf’s trading plan is scheduled to terminate on
December 19, 2025
, subject to early termination for certain specified events set forth therein.
77
Table of Contents
The following documents are filed as exhibits to this report:
78
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
79