and marketing, or general and administrative expenses to our segments in this internal management system because management does not include the information in our measurement of the performance of the operating segments. In addition, we do not allocate amortization and impairment of acquisition-related intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, significant litigation settlements and other contingencies, charges related to asset impairments and restructurings, and certain other charges to the gross margin for each segment because management does not include this information in our measurement of the performance of the operating segments.
Summarized financial information by segment for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, based on our internal management system and as utilized by our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), is as follows (in millions):
Amounts may not sum due to rounding.
Revenue in the United States was
$
28.7
billion, $
29.9
billion, and $
26.7
billion for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
(b)
Revenue for Groups of Similar Products and Services
We design and sell IP-based networking and other products related to the communications and IT industry and provide services associated with these products and their use. Effective fiscal 2024, we began reporting our product and services revenue in the following categories: Networking, Security, Collaboration, Observability, and Services and conformed our product revenue for prior years to the current year presentation.
The following table presents revenue for groups of similar products and services (in millions):
Amounts may not sum due to rounding.
102
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
(c)
Additional Segment Information
No single customer accounted for 10% or more of revenue in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022.
The majority of our assets as of July 27, 2024 and July 29, 2023 were attributable to our U.S. operations. Our long-lived assets are based on the physical location of the assets.
The following table presents our long-lived assets, which consists of property and equipment, net and operating lease right-of-use assets information for geographic areas (in millions):
20.
Net Income per Share
The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share (in millions, except per-share amounts):
103
Table of Contents
None.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Based on our management’s evaluation (with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under