charges related to purchased intangible assets were $
19
million for the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2025. Impairment charges were as a result of declines in estimated fair value resulting from the reductions in or the elimination of expected future cash flows associated with certain technology intangible assets.
14
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Unaudited)
The following table presents the amortization of purchased intangible assets, including impairment charges (in millions):
The estimated future amortization expense of purchased intangible assets with finite lives as of January 25, 2025 is as follows (in millions):
6.
Restructuring and Other Charges
In the first quarter of fiscal 2025, we announced a restructuring plan (the “Fiscal 2025 Plan”), in order to allow us to invest in key growth opportunities and drive more efficiencies in our business, of which approximately
7
% of our global workforce would be impacted with estimated pre-tax charges of up to $
1
billion. In connection with the Fiscal 2025 Plan, we incurred charges of $
10
million and $
675
million for the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2025, respectively. These aggregate pre-tax charges are primarily cash-based and consist of severance and other one-time termination benefits, and other costs. We expect the Fiscal 2025 Plan to be substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2025.
In fiscal 2024, we initiated a restructuring plan (the “Fiscal 2024 Plan”), in order to realign the organization and enable further investment in key priority areas. We completed the Fiscal 2024 Plan and incurred cumulative charges of $
654
million. These aggregate pretax charges were primarily cash-based and consisted of severance and other one-time termination benefits, real estate-related charges, and other costs.
The following table summarizes the activities related to our restructuring liability, which were included in other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets (in millions):
15
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Unaudited)
7.
Balance Sheet and Other Details
The following tables provide details of selected balance sheet and other items (in millions, except percentages):
Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
Our restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents are funds primarily related to contractual obligations with suppliers.
Inventories
Property and Equipment, Net
16
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Unaudited)
Remaining Performance Obligations (RPO)
Unbilled contract revenue represents noncancelable contracts for which we have not invoiced, have an obligation to perform, and revenue has not yet been recognized in the financial statements.
Deferred Revenue
Transition Tax Payable
Our income tax payable associated with the one-time U.S.