currently #1 in the following 18 countries: Australia, Canada, Costa Rica, France, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Norway, Peru, Portugal, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
As of July 27, 2024, we had approximately 90,400 employees and they are categorized as follows:
We support our employees through times of change and enable them to be their best. We do this by fostering a Conscious Culture. Conscious Culture speaks to the importance of everyone being aware — “conscious” — of the environment they are part of, and feeling accountable, empowered, and expected to contribute to creating a culture where all Cisco employees feel safe and can thrive. Conscious Culture encourages employees to be aware of how we treat one another and to speak up when we see behavior that’s out of step with our beliefs. We believe there is a direct connection between the culture we create internally and how our people are helping to bring about a better world.
In the same way that every employee at Cisco is responsible for our Conscious Culture, we also want every employee to feel responsible for and contribute to our purpose to Power an Inclusive Future for All. We believe this is as much a commitment from Cisco as it is from our employees. Our people often ask the toughest questions around how we are impacting society for the better, from addressing homelessness to combating climate change. And often the best ideas for how we can do even more come directly from them. Future employees expect it too. We recognize that talent increasingly wants to work for a company where their work has meaning and where they see their values reflected in the organization.
Inclusion & Diversity
Inclusion and diversity are core components in our Conscious Culture. Inclusivity is our strength and our priority. We want every employee to feel valued, respected, and heard. We are prioritizing inclusion and diversity across the company, recognizing that connecting people of all experiences and backgrounds allows us to improve innovation and collaboration.
In order to continue accelerating diversity and finding extraordinary talent, we have designed a framework that includes introducing new tools and technologies to help accurately map the talent market, creating job roles that attract highly qualified diverse candidates, and expanding the diversity within our interview panels.
We currently have a total of 31
Inclusive Communities supporting full-spectrum diversity globally, including gender, ethnicity, race, sexual orientation, age, ability, veteran status, religion, culture, background, as well as varied experiences, strengths, and perspectives. These thriving communities continue to be a source of strength and support for employees, and they help to foster a more Conscious Culture by providing opportunities for proximity and learning.
8
Table of Contents
Cisco has signed the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion Pledge. The CEO Action for