third-party providers of software (including open source) and cloud-based services on which our and third-party data is stored or processed, and we cannot control the timing at which third-party providers remedy vulnerabilities, which could leave us vulnerable. Failure to comply with internal security policies and standards, including secure development lifecycle practices, failure to prevent or promptly mitigate vulnerabilities and security defects, prioritization errors in remedying vulnerabilities or security defects, failure of third-party providers to remedy
75
Table of Contents
vulnerabilities or security defects, or customers not deploying security updates in a timely manner, deciding not to upgrade solutions, or configuring our solutions in insecure ways could, in each case, result in claims of legal and/or regulatory action against us, damage our reputation, or otherwise materially harm our business.
Our actual or perceived failure to adequately protect and appropriately use data could result in claims of legal and/or regulatory action against us, damage our reputation, or otherwise materially harm our business.
Global privacy and data protection-related laws and regulations are evolving, extensive, and complex. Compliance with these laws and regulations is difficult and costly. In addition, evolving legal requirements restricting or controlling the collection, processing, use or cross-border transmission of data, including regulation of cloud-based services, could materially affect our customers’ ability to use, and our ability to sell, our products and services. The interpretation and application of these laws in some instances is uncertain, and our legal and regulatory obligations are subject to frequent changes. For example, the European Union’s (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) applies to our activities conducted from an establishment in the EU or related to products and services offered in the EU and imposes a range of compliance obligations regarding the handling of personal data for both ourselves and our customers. Additionally, we are subject to California’s Consumer Privacy Act, Singapore’s Personal Data Protection Act, and other laws, regulations, and obligations around the world that govern the handling of personal data. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or other obligations relating to the use of data and protecting data from unauthorized access, use, or other processing, could subject us to claims of liability, or give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, damage our reputation, and/or otherwise negatively impact our business, any of which could materially harm our operating results and financial condition.
Our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially harmed by evolving regulatory uncertainty or obligations applicable to our products and services.
Changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the industries and sectors in