Gross Margin
Our services gross margin percentage increased by 1.7 percentage points primarily due to higher sales volume, lower headcount-related and delivery costs, lower variable compensation expense and favorable mix of service offerings.
Our services gross margin normally experiences some fluctuations due to various factors such as the timing of contract initiations in our renewals, our strategic investments in headcount, and the resources we deploy to support the overall service business. Other factors include the mix of service offerings, as the gross margin from our advanced services is typically lower than the gross margin from technical support services.
41
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Gross Margin by Segment
The following table presents the total gross margin for each segment (in millions, except percentages):
(1)
The unallocated corporate items
include the effects of amortization and impairments of acquisition-related intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, significant litigation settlements and other contingencies, charges related to asset impairments and restructurings, and certain other charges. We do not allocate these items to the gross margin for each segment because management does not include such information in measuring the performance of the operating segments.
Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding.
We experienced a gross margin percentage increase in our Americas segment due to productivity benefits, favorable product mix and higher services gross margin, partially offset by negative impacts from pricing.
Gross margin in our EMEA segment increased due to favorable product mix, productivity benefits and higher services gross margin, partially offset by negative impacts from pricing.
The APJC segment gross margin percentage increase was due to favorable product mix and productivity benefits, partially offset by negative impacts from pricing.
Research and Development (“R&D”), Sales and Marketing, and General and Administrative (“G&A”) Expenses
R&D, sales and marketing, and G&A expenses are summarized in the following table (in millions, except percentages):
R&D Expenses
R&D expenses increased due to higher share-based compensation expense, incremental expenses from Splunk, higher cash compensation from acquisitions and higher discretionary spending, partially offset by lower headcount-related expenses and lower variable compensation expense.
We continue to invest in R&D in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D.
42
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS