we believe there is no legal basis for the alleged liability, due to the complexities and uncertainty surrounding the judicial process in Brazil and the nature of the claims asserting joint liability with the importer, we are unable to determine the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome against our Brazilian subsidiary and are unable to reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any. We do not expect a final judicial determination for several years.
Centripetal
On February 13, 2018, Centripetal Networks, Inc. (“Centripetal”) asserted patent infringement claims against us in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, alleging that several of our products and services infringe
eleven
Centripetal U.S. patents. After
two
bench trials and various administrative actions and appeals, we have been found either to not have infringed any of the patents or the patents have been invalidated. Centripetal has appealed
one
of the invalidity decisions and it has also appealed the non-infringement judgment of the District Court and both of those proceedings are ongoing.
Between April 2020 and February 2022, Centripetal also filed complaints in the District Court of Dusseldorf in Germany (“German Court”), asserting a total of
five
patents and
one
utility model. Centripetal sought damages and injunctive relief in all cases. In various proceedings in 2021, 2022, and 2023, we have been found to have not infringed
three
patents,
one
patent was invalidated, the utility model was invalidated, and the infringement action on the final patent is stayed due to an invalidity action heard on June 6, 2024 in the Federal Patent Court, in which all claims, aside from one auxiliary claim, were found invalid, for which we are awaiting the entry of judgment from the Federal Patent Court. Centripetal’s appeals of two of the non-infringement findings remain pending and, on March 27, 2024, the Court of Appeals rejected Centripetal’s appeal of the third non-infringement finding.
92
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
On July 10, 2023, Centripetal filed a complaint in the Paris Judiciary Court asserting the French counterpart of a European Patent. Centripetal seeks damages and injunctive relief in the case. Centripetal previously asserted the German counterpart of the same European Patent in Germany and the German Court rejected Centripetal’s complaint finding no infringement. We have filed our response and defenses to the complaint and we anticipate that in October 2024, the Court will set a schedule for the remainder of the proceedings.
Due to uncertainty surrounding patent litigation processes in the U.S. and Europe, we are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate outcome of the litigations at this time. If we do not prevail in these litigations, we believe that any damages ultimately assessed would not have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Ramot
On June 12, 2019 and on February 26,