system. For example, by using these powerful analytics, we are able to test for pay parity on a regular basis, and when gaps are found, we strive to correct them.
As part of our Social Justice Beliefs and Actions, we have expanded our pay parity program beyond base salary to include additional forms of compensation fairness such as promotion, bonuses, and stock decisions made in our rewards programs. We aim to ensure the program addresses all employees across the full spectrum of diversity incorporating our global self-reported data collection.
Health & Well-being
We have an ongoing commitment to focus on the health, safety, and well-being of our employees. We seek to provide our employees and their families with high-quality, flexible, and convenient benefits and resources for their physical, mental, and financial well-being. We strive to support our employees as they balance careers and personal lives, as well as their own physical, emotional, and financial health. We continue to emphasize a focus on both physical and mental health, recognizing the need to create an environment where employees can speak openly about mental health and other matters.
We host ongoing discussions with our employees during the Cisco Beat and Cisco Check-Ins, our regular company-wide virtual meetings, and continue to emphasize our Safe to Talk program. We offer mindfulness courses, employee assistance program offerings, and out-of-network provider benefits for substance abuse and mental health treatment, and more. In fiscal 2024, we continued to offer employees “A Day for Me,” which were paid days off that allowed for each individual to recharge and rest. We employ a hybrid work model in certain countries, giving our employees the flexibility to work offsite or at onsite Cisco locations.
Employee Development
We know careers are not static pathways that look the same for everyone. We also know that the world of work will continue to rapidly evolve, requiring new skillsets. At Cisco, we believe that your career is owned by you, supported by your leader, and enabled by Cisco. Cisco believes in open-ended self-directed learning, understanding that each individual knows best what skills and resources they need to succeed. This means that while each employee has the power to shape their career on their own terms, they also have a supportive ecosystem to develop the skills they need to succeed both today and tomorrow. We strive to
9
Table of Contents
create a culture of “one company, many careers.” We provide our people with career strategies focused on areas we know determine a successful career at Cisco—personal brand, network, expertise, and experience—and have created customized offerings that map to each of them.
Employee Engagement
We believe that strong communication is key in our Conscious Culture. These communications include the Cisco Beat, which are regular all-hands meetings, and Cisco Check-Ins, which are ad-hoc meetings for important conversations, and weekly