recognized pursuant to acquisition-related agreements.
72
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Pro forma Financial Information
The unaudited pro forma financial information in the table below summarizes the combined results of our operations and Splunk’s operations, as though the acquisition of Splunk had been completed as of the beginning of fiscal 2023. The pro forma financial information for fiscal 2024 combines our results for this period with the results of Splunk for the period beginning August 1, 2023 through July 27, 2024. The pro forma financial information for fiscal 2023 combines our historical results for that period with the historical results of Splunk for the year ended July 31, 2023.
The following table summarizes the pro forma financial information (in millions):
The pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisition and the cost of financing the acquisition had taken place at the beginning of fiscal 2023. The financial information for the periods presented above includes pro forma adjustments for amortization of purchased intangible assets, costs related to financing the acquisition and transaction costs.
The above pro forma financial information includes only the impacts of the Splunk acquisition because the effects of the other acquisitions detailed below, individually and in the aggregate, were not material to our financial results.
Other Acquisitions
We completed several additional acquisitions during fiscal 2024 for an aggregate cash consideration of $
1.4
billion.
A summary of the allocation of the total purchase consideration of these additional acquisitions is presented as follows (in millions):
The total purchase consideration related to these other acquisitions completed during fiscal 2024 consisted primarily of cash consideration. The total cash and cash equivalents acquired from these acquisitions was approximately $
24
million. Total transaction costs related to these acquisition activities were $
25
million, $
24
million, and $
49
million for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. These transaction costs were expensed as incurred in G&A in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
The purchase price allocation for these acquisitions completed during recent periods is preliminary and subject to revision as additional information about fair value of assets and liabilities becomes available. Additional information that existed as of the acquisition date but is currently unknown to us may become known during the remainder of the measurement period, a period not to exceed 12 months from the acquisition date.
The goodwill generated from these acquisitions completed during fiscal 2024 is primarily related to expected synergies. The goodwill is generally not deductible for income tax purposes.
Fiscal 2023 Acquisitions
Allocation of the