unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
54
Table of Contents
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the
consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
Revenue Recognition for Certain Product and Services Revenue
As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company derives revenue from contracts with customers that can include various combinations of products and services which are generally distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised goods or services in a contract with a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. Transfer of control occurs once the customer has the contractual right to use the product, generally upon shipment, electronic delivery (or when the software is available for download by the customer), or once title and risk of loss has transferred to the customer. Transfer of control can also occur over time for software maintenance and services as the customer receives the benefit over the contract term. In certain customer arrangements, management applies judgment in identifying contractual terms and determining the transaction price and management may be required to estimate variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. For the year ended July 27, 2024, the Company’s total revenue was $53.8 billion, of which the majority relates to certain product and services revenue.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition for certain product and services revenue is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in identifying contractual terms in certain customer arrangements and a high degree of auditor judgment and effort in performing