approximately 7% of our global workforce with estimated pre-tax charges of approximately $1 billion. In connection with this restructuring plan, we incurred charges of $10 million and $675 million
in the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2025. We expect this plan to be substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2025.
We expect to reinvest substantially all of the cost savings from this restructuring plan in our key growth opportunities. As a result, the overall cost savings from this restructuring plan is not expected to be material for future periods.
Operating Income
The following table presents our operating income and our operating income as a percentage of revenue (in millions, except percentages):
Three Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Three Months Ended January 27, 2024
Operating income increased by 1%, and operating income as a percentage of revenue decreased by 1.9 percentage points. The increase in operating income was primarily due to a revenue increase partially offset by higher operating expenses, including incremental expenses from Splunk, and higher amortization of purchased intangible assets. The decrease in operating income as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to an operating expenses percentage increase.
Six Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Six Months Ended January 27, 2024
Operating income decreased by 26%, and operating income as a percentage of revenue decreased by 7.1 percentage points. These changes resulted primarily from incremental expenses from Splunk, higher restructuring and other charges and higher amortization of purchased intangible assets, partially offset by a revenue increase and gross margin percentage increase (driven by favorable product mix and productivity improvements, partially offset by pricing erosion).
Interest and Other Income (Loss), Net
Interest Income (Expense), Net
The following table summarizes interest income and interest expense (in millions):
For each of the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2025, the decrease in interest income was driven by a lower average balance of cash and available-for-sale debt investments and lower interest rates. The increase in interest expense was primarily driven by the issuances of senior notes and commercial paper.
52
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Other Income (Loss), Net
The components of other income (loss), net, are summarized as follows (in millions):
Three Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Three Months Ended January 27, 2024
The change in our other income (loss), net was primarily driven by lower impairment charges on our privately held investments partially offset by lower gains on our marketable equity investments.
Six Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Six Months Ended January 27, 2024
The change in our other income (loss), net was primarily driven by lower impairment charges