ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
the total maximum potential future payments related to these guarantees was approximately $127 million, of which approximately $13 million was recorded as deferred revenue.
Borrowings
Senior Notes
The following table summarizes the principal amount of our senior notes (in millions):
In February 2024, we issued senior notes for an aggregate principal amount of $13.5 billion.
Interest is payable semiannually on each class of the senior fixed-rate notes, each of which is redeemable by us at any time, subject to a make-whole premium. We were in compliance with all debt covenants as of July 27, 2024.
Commercial Paper
We have a short-term debt financing program in which up to $15.0 billion is available through the issuance of commercial paper notes. We use the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper notes for general corporate purposes. We had $10.9 billion in commercial paper notes outstanding as of July 27, 2024, and no commercial paper notes outstanding as of July 29, 2023.
Credit Facility
On February 2, 2024, we entered into an amended and restated 5-year $5.0 billion unsecured revolving credit agreement. The interest rate for the credit agreement is determined based on a formula using certain market rates. The credit agreement requires that we comply with certain covenants, including that we maintain an interest coverage ratio (defined in the agreement as the ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense) of not less than 3.0 to 1.0. As of July 27, 2024, we were in compliance with all associated covenants and we had not borrowed any funds under our credit agreement.
Remaining Performance Obligations
The following table presents the breakdown of remaining performance obligations (in millions):
48
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Total remaining performance obligations increased 18% in fiscal 2024. Total remaining performance obligations as of July 27, 2024 includes $3.5 billion related to the acquisition of Splunk. Remaining performance obligations for product increased 27% and remaining performance obligations for services increased 10%, compared to fiscal 2023. We expect approximately 51% of total remaining performance obligations to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months.
Deferred Revenue
The following table presents the breakdown of deferred revenue (in millions):
Total deferred revenue increased 11% in fiscal 2024. The increase in deferred product revenue of 15% was primarily due to the contribution from the Splunk acquisition of $1.7 billion and increased deferrals related to our recurring software offerings. The increase in deferred services revenue of 9% was driven by higher business volume and the impact of contract renewals and the contribution of the Splunk acquisition, partially offset by ongoing amortization of deferred services