currency transactions and balances. We do not enter into foreign exchange forward or option contracts for speculative purposes.
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.
Based on our management’s evaluation (with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Changes in internal control over financial reporting.
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our second quarter of fiscal 2025, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
For a description of our pending legal proceedings, see Note 14, “Commitments and Contingencies—(f) Legal Proceedings” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
61
Table of Contents
Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the SEC are descriptions of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. The descriptions below include any material changes to and supersede the description of the risk factors affecting our business previously disclosed in “Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 27, 2024.
Risks Related to our Business and Industry
Our operations can be difficult to predict because our operating results may fluctuate in future periods.
Our operating results have been in the past, and will continue to be, subject to quarterly and annual fluctuations as a result of numerous factors, some of which may contribute to more pronounced fluctuations in an uncertain global economic environment. These factors include:
•
Fluctuations in demand for our products and services, especially with respect to service providers and internet businesses, in part due to changes in the global economic environment
•
Changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products and reduced visibility into our customers’ spending plans and associated revenue
•
Our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels and purchase commitments
•
Price and product