the fiscal periods presented. The share of earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interests are not presented separately in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as these amounts are not material for any of the fiscal periods presented.
We have evaluated subsequent events through the date that the financial statements were issued.
2.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
(a)
Recent Accounting Standards or Updates Not Yet Effective
Segment Reporting
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued an accounting standard update that expands the disclosure requirements for reportable segments, primarily through enhanced disclosures around significant segment expenses. The accounting standard update will be effective for our fiscal 2025 Form 10-K on a retrospective basis, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on our segment disclosures.
Improvements on Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued an accounting standard update expanding the requirements for disclosure of disaggregated information about the effective tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. The accounting standard update will be effective for our fiscal 2026 Form 10-K. We are currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on our income tax disclosures.
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses
In November 2024, the FASB issued an accounting standard update expanding the disclosure requirements about specific expense categories, primarily through disaggregated information on income statement line items. The accounting standard update will be effective for our fiscal 2028 Form 10-K, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard update on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
9
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Unaudited)
3.
Revenue
We enter into contracts with customers that can include various combinations of products and services which are generally distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. As a result, our contracts may contain multiple performance obligations. We determine whether arrangements are distinct based on whether the customer can benefit from the product or service on its own or together with other resources that are readily available and whether our commitment to transfer the product or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other obligations in the contract. We classify our hardware, perpetual software licenses, and software-as-a-service (SaaS) as distinct performance obligations. Term software licenses represent multiple obligations, which include software licenses and software maintenance. In transactions where we deliver hardware or software, we are typically the principal and we record revenue and costs of goods sold on a gross basis. We refer to our term software licenses, security