provides for the granting of stock options, stock grants, stock units and stock appreciation rights (SARs), the vesting of which may be time-based or upon satisfaction of performance goals, or both, and/or other conditions. Time-based and performance-based RSUs generally vest over
three years
with certain awards containing retirement eligible provisions. Employees (including employee directors and executive officers) and consultants of Cisco and its subsidiaries and affiliates and non-employee directors of Cisco are eligible to participate in the 2005 Plan. The 2005 Plan may be terminated by our Board of Directors at any time and for any reason, and is currently set to terminate at the 2030 Annual Meeting unless re-adopted or extended by our stockholders prior to or on such date.
Under the 2005 Plan’s share reserve feature, a distinction is made between the number of shares in the reserve attributable to (i) stock options and SARs and (ii) “full value” awards (i.e., stock grants and stock units). Shares issued as stock grants, pursuant to stock units or pursuant to the settlement of dividend equivalents are counted against shares available for issuance under the 2005 Plan on a
1.5
-to-1 ratio. For each share awarded as restricted stock or a restricted stock unit award under the 2005 Plan,
1.5
shares was deducted from the available share-based award balance. If awards issued under the 2005 Plan are forfeited or terminated for any reason before being exercised or settled, then the shares underlying such awards, plus the number of additional shares, if any, that counted against shares available for issuance under the 2005 Plan at the time of grant as a result of the application of the share ratio described above, will become available again for issuance under the 2005 Plan. As of January 25, 2025,
111
million shares were authorized for future grant under the 2005 Plan.
(b)
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
We have an Employee Stock Purchase Plan under which
eligible employees are offered shares through a
24
-month offering period, which consists of
four
consecutive
6
-month purchase periods. Employees may purchase a limited amount of shares of our stock at a discount of up to
15
% of the lesser of the fair market value at the beginning of the offering period or the end of each
6
-month purchase period. The Employee Stock Purchase Plan is scheduled to terminate on the earlier of (i) January 3, 2030 and (ii) the date on which all shares available for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan are sold pursuant to exercised purchase rights. Under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, we issued
8
million shares during the second quarter and first six months of fiscal 2025 and
10
million shares during each of the corresponding periods of fiscal 2024. As of January 25, 2025,
60
million shares were available for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
34
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)