Diversity & Inclusion Pledge is a CEO-driven pledge to drive measurable action and meaningful change in advancing diversity, equity and inclusion in the workplace. We are delivering on these actions by accelerating diversity across the full-spectrum of diversity — including gender, age, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, ability, nationality, religion, veteran status, background, culture, experience, strengths and perspectives. At Cisco, it starts at the top: As of July 27, 2024, 36% of our Executive Leadership Team (ELT) are women and 43% are diverse in terms of gender or ethnicity.
We publish certain gender diversity and ethnic diversity workforce data annually. Across our global company, we have driven broad improvements in overall workforce diversity. Based on our fiscal 2023 data, our global employee base was comprised of 29% women, 71% men and 0.1% nonbinary, and our U.S. employee base was comprised of the following ethnicities: 48.2% White/Caucasian, 33.5% Asian, 6.5% Hispanic/Latino, 5.6% African American/Black, 2.0% two or more races (not Hispanic or Latino), 0.3% American Indian or Alaska Native, 0.2% Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander, and 3.7% prefer to not to disclose/unknown.
With respect to social justice, Cisco has been partnering across the globe to scale and amplify our positive impact. We have published our Social Justice Beliefs & Actions, which is our blueprint for how we respond to injustice and address inequity for any community. We are creating actions that can be replicated and scaled and are designed to cover the full spectrum of diversity, inclusive of gender, generation, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, ability, nationality, and background — which is the foundation of our Conscious Culture. This work is part of a plan for Cisco to drive transformational, generational impact for vulnerable communities. Our Social Justice Action Office helps drive accountability, progress, and excellence in our strategic actions in this area, which are designed to address the broader ecosystem including our employees, partners, customers, and suppliers.
Compensation and Benefits
Our total compensation philosophy is designed to attract, reward, and retain talent. It provides market competitive, performance-based compensation aligned with each employee’s contribution and impact to the value we drive to our customers, partners and stockholders. We reward and recognize our employees for effecting innovation, collaboration, profitability, and growth within our geographies, product lines, and functions.
Cisco has always been committed to compensating our employees fairly and equitably. We are a founding signatory of the White House Equal Pay Pledge and the Parity.org pledge, and are a leader in the charge to make fair pay a reality for all employees through the Employers for Pay Equity Consortium. We have also introduced an innovative and inclusive framework that provides us powerful analytics to evaluate our complex compensation