decline in the enterprise and service provider and cloud markets. Product revenue in the public sector market was flat. From a product category perspective, total product revenue decreased 9% year over year, driven by a decline in revenue in Networking of 15%, partially offset by growth in Security of 32% and Observability of 27%, each driven in large part by the contribution of Splunk. Product revenue grew in Collaboration by 2%.
We remain focused on delivering innovation across our technologies to assist our customers in executing on their digital transformations and on accelerating innovation across our portfolio. We believe that we are making progress on our strategic priorities.
32
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Fourth Quarter Snapshot
For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, as compared with the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, total revenue decreased by 10%. Within total revenue, product revenue decreased by 15% and services revenue increased by 6%. With regard to our geographic segment performance, on a year-over-year basis, revenue in Americas decreased by 11%, EMEA decreased by 11% and APJC decreased by 6%. From a product category perspective, we experienced a product revenue decline in Networking, partially offset by growth in Security and Observability, driven in large part by the contribution of Splunk. Product revenue in Collaboration was flat. Total gross margin increased by 0.3 percentage points, driven by favorable product mix and the contribution from Splunk, partially offset by negative impacts from pricing. As a percentage of revenue, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses, collectively, increased by 8.1 percentage points. Operating income as a percentage of revenue decreased by 8.8 percentage points primarily driven by incremental operating expenses from Splunk and higher amortization of purchased intangible assets. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 44%, driven by a decrease in net income of 45%, partially offset by a decrease in diluted share count of 58 million shares.
Strategy and Priorities
Across the globe, businesses and organizations of every size are leveraging Cisco technology to transform and drive better outcomes and experiences. We also help customers navigate emerging technological shifts. Our strategy is to securely connect everything to make those desired outcomes and experiences possible for our customers.
For a full discussion of our strategy and priorities, see “Item 1. Business.”
Other Key Financial Measures
The following is a summary of our other key financial measures for fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023 (in millions):
33
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures