geography. Our business is organized into the following three geographic segments: Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); and Asia Pacific, Japan, and China (APJC).
Our products and technologies are grouped into the following categories: Networking, Security, Collaboration and Observability. In addition to our product offerings, we provide a broad range of services offerings, including technical support services and advanced services, also known as lifecycle services. Our customers include businesses of all sizes, public institutions, governments, and service providers, including large webscale providers. These customers often look to us as a strategic partner to help them use information technology (IT) to differentiate themselves and drive positive business outcomes.
We were incorporated in California in 1984 and reincorporated in Delaware in 2021. Our headquarters are in San Jose, California. The mailing address of our headquarters is 170 West Tasman Drive, San Jose, California 95134-1706, and our telephone number at that location is (408) 526-4000. Our website is www.cisco.com. Through a link on the Investor Relations section of our website, we make available the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) at sec.gov: our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. All such filings are available free of charge. The information published on our website, or any other website referenced herein, is not incorporated into this report.
Strategy and Priorities
Across the globe, businesses and organizations of every size are leveraging Cisco technology to transform and drive better outcomes and experiences. We also help customers navigate emerging technological shifts. Our strategy is to securely connect everything to make those desired outcomes and experiences possible for our customers.
In today’s dynamic environment, our customers have three key priorities: build modern and resilient infrastructure; protect against the cyber threats of today and tomorrow; and harness the power of AI and data.
These customer priorities are central to how we innovate and develop our technology. First, we provide the underlying network connectivity for our customers, whether they are connecting traditional branch offices, data centers, smart grids, video devices, electric vehicles, or other devices. Second, we help protect those network connections and the underlying technology architecture against cyber threats. Third, through the visibility we have into data across the network, connected devices and applications, we provide context and insights to our customers about what is happening in their technology architecture, not only in their on-premise infrastructure and private data centers, but