on our privately held investments, and higher unrealized gains on our privately held investments and marketable equity investments.
Provision for Income Taxes
Three Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Three Months Ended January 27, 2024
The provision for income taxes resulted in an effective tax rate of 15.9% for the second quarter of fiscal 2025 compared with an effective tax rate of 16.7% for the second quarter of fiscal 2024. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to an increase in the U.S. federal research tax credit benefit.
Six Months Ended January 25, 2025 Compared with Six Months Ended January 27, 2024
The provision for income taxes resulted in an effective tax rate of 0.3% for the first six months of fiscal 2025 compared with 17.5% for the first six months of fiscal 2024. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to a $720 million benefit related to a U.S. Tax Court opinion issued during the first quarter of fiscal 2025 regarding the U.S. taxation of deemed foreign dividends in the transition year of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (our fiscal 2018) and an increase in the U.S. federal research tax credit benefit.
53
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The following sections discuss the effects of changes in our balance sheet, our capital allocation strategy including stock repurchase program and dividends, our contractual obligations, and certain other commitments and activities on our liquidity and capital resources.
Balance Sheet and Cash Flows
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Investments
The following table summarizes our cash and cash equivalents and investments (in millions):
The net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and investments in the first six months of fiscal 2025 was primarily driven by cash returned to stockholders in the form of repurchases of common stock of $3.2 billion and cash dividends of $3.2 billion, capital expenditures of $0.4 billion and net cash paid for acquisitions and divestitures of $0.3 billion. These uses of cash were partially offset by net cash provided by operating activities of $5.9 billion.
We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. We classify our investments as short-term investments based on their nature and their availability for use in current operations. We believe the overall credit quality of our portfolio is strong, with our cash equivalents and our available-for-sale debt investment portfolio consisting primarily of high quality investment-grade securities. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends as