service provider and cloud market are especially volatile, and weakness in orders from this industry may harm our operating results and financial condition.
Sales to the service provider and cloud market have been characterized by large and sporadic purchases, especially relating to our router sales and sales of certain other Networking and Collaboration products, in addition to longer sales cycles. Service provider and cloud product orders significantly decreased during fiscal 2024 and we have experienced similar declines in certain prior periods. Product orders from the service provider and cloud market could continue to decline and, as has been the case in the past, such weakness could persist over extended periods of time given fluctuating market conditions. Products in the service provider and cloud market could also face a high degree of customer concentration, with bespoke product designs and features that would be difficult to sell to alternate customers should the primary customer reduce its product orders with Cisco. Sales activity in this industry depends upon the stage of completion of expanding network infrastructures; the availability of
15
Table of Contents
funding; and the extent to which service provider and cloud customers are affected by regulatory, economic, and business conditions in the country of operations. Weakness in orders from this industry, including as a result of any slowdown in capital expenditures by service providers (which may be more prevalent during a global economic downturn, or periods of economic, political or regulatory uncertainty), could materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Such slowdowns may continue or recur in future periods. Orders from this industry could decline for many reasons other than the competitiveness of our products and services within their respective markets. For example, in the past, many of our service provider and cloud customers have been negatively impacted by slowdowns in the general economy, by overcapacity, by changes in the service provider and cloud market, by regulatory developments, and by constraints on capital availability, resulting in business failures and substantial reductions in spending and expansion plans. These conditions have negatively impacted our business and operating results in the past, and could materially harm our business and operating results in any future period. Finally, service provider and cloud customers typically have longer implementation cycles; require a broader range of services, including design services; demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks; often require acceptance provisions, which can lead to a delay in revenue recognition; and expect financing from vendors. All these factors can add further risk to business conducted with service providers.
Disruption of or changes in our distribution model could harm our sales and margins.
If we fail to manage distribution of our products and services