an alternative for net cash provided by operating activities or any other measure calculated in accordance with such principles, and other companies may calculate free cash flow in a different manner than we do.
The following table summarizes the dividends paid and stock repurchases (in millions, except per-share amounts):
On February 12, 2025, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.41 per common share to be paid on April 23, 2025, to all stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 3, 2025. Future dividends will be subject to the approval of our Board of Directors.
On February 12, 2025, our Board of Directors authorized a $15 billion increase to the stock repurchase program. The remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this program, including the additional authorization, is approximately $17 billion, with no termination date.
Accounts Receivable, Net
The following table summarizes our accounts receivable, net (in millions):
Our accounts receivable net, as of January 25, 2025 decreased by approximately 15%, as compared with the end of fiscal 2024, primarily due to timing and amount of product and service billings in the second quarter of fiscal 2025 compared with the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024.
55
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Inventory Supply Chain
The following table summarizes our inventories and inventory purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers (in millions):
The following table summarizes our inventory purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers by period (in millions):
Inventory as of January 25, 2025 decreased by 13% and inventory purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers increased by 13% from our balances at the end of fiscal 2024. The combined increase in our inventory and inventory purchase commitments was 3% as compared with the end of fiscal 2024.
We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. During the normal course of business, in order to manage manufacturing lead times and help ensure adequate component supply, we enter into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that allow them to procure inventory based upon criteria as defined by us or that establish the parameters defining our requirements and our commitment to securing manufacturing capacity.
Our inventory purchase commitments are for short-term product manufacturing requirements as well as for commitments to suppliers to secure manufacturing capacity. Certain of our inventory purchase commitments are entered into directly with suppliers and relate to fixed-dollar commitments to secure supply and pricing for certain product components for multi-year periods. A significant portion of our reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements are