programs to help identify and manage risks from cybersecurity threats arising from third-party suppliers and service providers on which we rely. These programs leverage on-going security-focused risk assessments based on industry practices, audits, and contractual requirements.
We strive to embed security into our products and services through the Cisco Secure Development Lifecycle (CSDL). The CSDL introduces security and privacy considerations throughout the lifecycle of our products and services. In addition, S&TO advises business units and functional areas on addressing cybersecurity risks and monitors initiatives to mitigate and manage such risks over time. Our business units or functional areas are responsible for managing risks and ensuring that security policies and standards are implemented within the respective business unit or function. S&TO also conducts mandatory cybersecurity training for our employees and provides employees with tools to report suspected incidents.
S&TO engages third parties in connection with our cybersecurity risk management processes, including cybersecurity consultants and auditors, to conduct evaluations of our IT security controls and provide certifications for industry-standard security frameworks. In addition, we maintain a global privacy program to assess and manage privacy risks related to how we are collecting, using, sharing, and storing personal data, which is subject to assessment by an independent, third-party privacy assessor.
Our Chief Security and Trust Officer, who reports to our Executive Vice President, Operations, works collaboratively across our business to implement policies and procedures designed to protect our IT environment and our products and services from cybersecurity threats, and to promptly respond to cybersecurity incidents in accordance with our incident response policies and procedures. Our Chief Security and Trust Officer has extensive cybersecurity experience and has served in various roles in information technology and information security for over 25 years.
The Chief Security and Trust Officer provides regular reports on the status of cybersecurity risks, priorities, and focus areas to our executive leadership team. In addition, information on cybersecurity risks is further integrated into our broader enterprise risk management program through our internal audit function, which incorporates such information in regular audits of our cybersecurity and data protection controls and processes.
Our Board of Directors oversees risks related to cybersecurity threats to our business directly and through its Audit Committee. The Audit Committee receives regular reports on cybersecurity risks, priorities, and focus areas from our Chief Security and Trust Officer at least four times a year and receives a live presentation at least twice a year. Our Board of Directors also regularly receives updates from the Audit Committee on its oversight activities and, on occasion, receives updates