amount of product and service billings at the end of fiscal 2024 compared with the end of fiscal 2023.
Inventory Supply Chain
The following table summarizes our inventories and inventory purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers (in millions):
The following table summarizes our inventory purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers by period (in millions):
46
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Inventory as of July 27, 2024 decreased by 7% and inventory purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers decreased by 29% from our balances at the end of fiscal 2023. The combined decrease of 22% in our inventory and inventory purchase commitments as compared with the end of fiscal 2023 was primarily due to our continued efforts to work with contract manufacturers and suppliers to optimize our inventory and purchase commitment levels.
We have increased our levels of inventory in order to help mitigate risks in our supply chain. We also began increasing our inventory supply chain balances starting in fiscal 2021 in order to address significant supply constraints seen industry-wide. The increases were primarily due to arrangements to secure supply and pricing for certain product components and commitments with contract manufacturers to meet customer demand and to address extended lead times, as well as advance payments with suppliers to secure future supply, as a result of the supply constraints. Our risks of future material excess and obsolete inventory and related losses are further outlined in the Result of Operations—Product Gross Margin section.
We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. During the normal course of business, in order to manage manufacturing lead times and help ensure adequate component supply, we enter into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that allow them to procure inventory based upon criteria as defined by us or that establish the parameters defining our requirements and our commitment to securing manufacturing capacity.
Our inventory purchase commitments are for short-term product manufacturing requirements as well as for commitments to suppliers to secure manufacturing capacity. Certain of our inventory purchase commitments are entered into directly with suppliers and relate to fixed-dollar commitments to secure supply and pricing for certain product components for multi-year periods. A significant portion of our reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements are firm, noncancelable, and unconditional commitments. In certain instances, these agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed.
Inventory and supply chain management remain areas of focus as we