facilitate the working capital requirements of the channel partners, and, in some cases, we guarantee a portion of these arrangements. We could be called upon to make payments under these guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel partners. Deferred revenue relating to these financing arrangements is recorded in accordance with revenue recognition policies or for the fair value of the financing guarantees.
(h) Leases
We lease real estate, information technology (IT) and other equipment and vehicles. We also have arrangements with certain suppliers and contract manufacturers which includes the leasing of dedicated space and equipment costs. Our leases have the option to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option.
As a lessee, we determine if an arrangement is a lease at commencement. Our ROU lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments related to the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. We use incremental borrowing rates based on information available at the commencement date to determine the present value of our lease payments. Certain of our lease agreements contain variable lease payments. Our
64
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
variable lease payments can fluctuate depending on the level of activity or the cost of certain services where we have elected to combine lease and non-lease components. While these payments are not included as part of our lease liabilities, they are recognized as variable lease expense in the period they are incurred.
We provide leasing of our equipment and complementary third-party products primarily through our channel partners and distributors, for which the income arising from these leases is recognized through interest income. As a lessor, we determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. We provide leasing arrangements for our equipment to certain qualified customers. Our lease portfolio primarily consists of sales-type leases. We allocate the consideration in a bundled contract with our customers based on relative standalone selling prices of our lease and non-lease components. The residual value on our leased equipment is determined at the inception of the lease based on an analysis of estimates of the value of equipment, market factors and historical customer behavior. Residual value estimates are reviewed on a periodic basis and other-than-temporary declines are expensed in the period they occur. Our leases generally provide an end-of-term option for the customer to extend the lease under mutually-agreed terms, return the leased equipment, or purchase the equipment for either the then-market value of the equipment or a pre-determined purchase price. If a customer