securities in an unrealized loss position, we determine whether a credit loss exists. In this assessment, among other factors, we consider the extent to which the fair value is less than the amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and adverse conditions specifically related to the security. If factors indicate a credit loss exists, an allowance for credit loss is recorded to other income (loss), net, limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. The amount of fair value change relating to all other factors is recognized in other comprehensive income (OCI).
We hold non-marketable equity and other investments (“privately held investments”) which are included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We monitor these investments for impairments and make reductions in carrying values if we determine that an impairment charge is required based primarily on the financial condition and near-term prospects of these companies.
63
Table of Conten
ts
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
(e) Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is computed using standard cost, which approximates actual cost, on a first-in, first-out basis. We provide inventory write-downs based on excess and obsolete inventories determined primarily by future demand forecasts. The write-down is measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory and net realizable value based upon assumptions about future demand and charged to the provision for inventory, which is a component of cost of sales. At the point of loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. In addition, we record a liability for firm, noncancelable, and unconditional purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with our valuation of excess and obsolete inventory.
(f) Allowance for Accounts Receivable, Contract Assets and Financing Receivables
We estimate our allowances for credit losses using relevant available information from internal and external sources, related to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. When assessing for credit losses, we determine collectibility by pooling our assets with similar characteristics.
The allowances for credit losses are each measured on a collective basis when similar risk characteristics exist. Our internal credit risk ratings are categorized as 1 through 10, with the lowest credit risk rating representing the highest quality. Assets that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. The allowances for credit