frequent changes. For example, the European Union’s (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) applies to our activities conducted from an establishment in the EU or related to products and services offered in the EU and imposes a range of compliance obligations regarding the handling of personal data. Additionally, we are subject to California’s Consumer Privacy Act, Singapore’s Personal Data Protection Act, and other laws, regulations and obligations that relate to the handling of personal data. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or other obligations relating to personal data, or to protect personal data from unauthorized access, use, or other processing, could subject us to liability to our customers, data subjects, suppliers, business partners, employees, and others, give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, could damage our reputation or could otherwise negatively impact our business, any of which could materially harm our operating results and financial condition.
Our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially harmed by evolving regulatory uncertainty or obligations applicable to our products and services.
Changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the industries and sectors in which we operate, in the United States and in other countries, could materially affect the sales and use of our products and services. In particular, economic sanctions and changes to export and import control requirements have impacted and may continue to impact our ability to sell and support our products and services in certain jurisdictions. In addition, changes in telecommunications regulations could impact our service provider customers’ purchase of our products and services, and they could also impact sales of our own regulated offerings. Government procurement policies, priorities, regulations, technology initiatives and/or other obligations often give rise to evolving privacy, cybersecurity, operational resilience, or other requirements, and the failure or delay to meet and maintain such requirements could negatively impact our business, including by limiting our ability to sell products and services, directly or indirectly, to public sector, critical infrastructure and other customers. Additional areas of uncertainty that could impact sales of our products and services include laws, regulations, or customer procurement requirements related to encryption technology, data, artificial intelligence, privacy, cybersecurity, operational resilience, environmental sustainability (including climate change), human rights, product certification, product accessibility, country of origin, and national security controls applicable to our supply chain. Changes in regulatory requirements or our actual or perceived failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or other obligations could materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.
Risks Related to