Internet. We are integrating artificial intelligence (AI) into our product portfolios across networking, security, collaboration and observability to simplify how our technology is delivered, managed and optimized and to help customers maximize the business value of their technology investments and accelerate their digital transformation.
A summary of our results is as follows (in millions, except percentages and per-share amounts):
Percentages may not recalculate due to rounding.
NM — Not meaningful
31
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Fiscal 2024 Compared with Fiscal 2023
In fiscal 2024, total revenue decreased by 6% compared with fiscal 2023. In March 2024, we completed the acquisition of Splunk Inc. (“Splunk”), which contributed approximately $1.4 billion in total revenue for fiscal 2024. Within total revenue, product revenue decreased by 9% and services revenue increased by 5%. In fiscal 2024, total software revenue was $18.4 billion across all product areas and services, an increase of 9%, driven by the contribution of Splunk. Total subscription revenue increased 11%, partially driven by the contribution of Splunk.
During the first nine months of fiscal 2024, we experienced a decline in product demand as customers continued to scrutinize spend as they needed additional time to implement elevated levels of product shipments received in prior quarters. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 we saw improvement in product demand across all geographic segments and customer markets as customers largely completed the installation of their product shipments. While we continue to operate in a highly competitive environment and the overall macroeconomic environment remains challenging and uncertain, we plan to continue to invest in key priority areas with the objective of driving profitable growth over the long term.
Total gross margin increased by 2.0 percentage points. Product gross margin increased by 2.0 percentage points, largely driven by favorable product mix, productivity benefits and benefits from Splunk, partially offset by negative impacts from pricing. As a percentage of revenue, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses, collectively, increased by 4.4 percentage points. Operating income as a percentage of revenue decreased by 3.8 percentage points driven primarily by incremental operating expenses from Splunk, higher restructuring and other charges and higher amortization of purchased intangible assets in fiscal 2024. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 17%, driven by a decrease of 18% in net income partially offset by a decrease in diluted share count of 43 million shares.
In terms of our geographic segments, revenue from the Americas decreased by $1.5 billion, EMEA revenue decreased by $1.0 billion and revenue in our APJC segment decreased by $0.7 billion. We experienced a product revenue