Devices, Contact Center and Communication Platform as a Service (CPaaS) offerings. Our offerings within the Collaboration portfolio consist of software offerings, including perpetual licenses and subscription arrangements, as well as hardware. Our Collaboration strategy is to reimagine employee and customer experiences to be more inclusive and engaging by providing technology that enables distributed teams to collaborate effortlessly. We offer end-to-end collaboration solutions that can be delivered from the cloud, on-premise or within hybrid cloud environments allowing customers to transition their collaboration solutions from on-premise to the cloud. AI and machine learning capabilities are embedded across the Webex portfolio to help improve productivity. Our CPaaS is a cloud
3
Table of Contents
communications platform that integrates communication channels and existing back-end business systems together to help enable the orchestration and automation of all customer and employee interactions.
Observability
Observability consists of our network assurance, monitoring and analytics and observability suite offerings. Our Observability offerings are designed to bring together and provide end-to-end visibility of our customer’s environments across applications, networks, multi-cloud infrastructures and the Internet, to help deliver full stack observability for modern environments and drive relevant real-time insights. These offerings enable organizations to see, understand, and improve every digital experience and assure seamless connectivity for their modern digital environments. Our network assurance offering, ThousandEyes, is a network intelligence platform that provides in-depth visibility into network and internet performance. Our Observability Suite offering, including Splunk Observability and AppDynamics, provides complete visibility across the full stack from infrastructure to applications as well as the digital customer experience.
Services
In addition to our product offerings, we provide a broad range of service and support options for our customers. Our support and maintenance services help our customers ensure their products operate efficiently, remain available, and benefit from the most up-to-date system and application software. These services help customers protect their network investments, manage risk, and minimize downtime for systems running mission-critical applications.
We also provide comprehensive advisory services that are focused on responsive, preventive, and consultative support of our technologies for specific networking needs. We are investing in and expanding advisory services in the areas of software, cloud, security, and analytics, which reflects our strategy of selling customer outcomes. We are focused on three priorities: utilizing technology advisory services to drive higher product and services; assessment and migration services providing the tools, expertise and methodologies to enable our customers to migrate