Ownership of Our Stock
Our stock price may be volatile.
Historically, our common stock has experienced substantial price volatility, particularly as a result of variations between our actual financial results and the published expectations of analysts and as a result of announcements by our competitors and us. Furthermore, speculation in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations, business, security of our products, or significant transactions can cause changes in our stock price. In addition, the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies, in particular, and that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. These factors, as well as general economic and political conditions and the announcement of proposed and completed acquisitions or other significant transactions, or any difficulties associated with such transactions, by us or our current or potential competitors, may materially harm the market price of our common stock in the future. Additionally, volatility, lack of positive performance in our stock price or changes to our overall compensation program, including our stock incentive program, may negatively impact our ability to retain key employees, virtually all of whom are compensated, in part, based on the performance of our stock price.
None.
26
Table of Contents
We recognize the critical importance of maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers, employees, and other stakeholders. To help mitigate the cybersecurity risks that we face, we maintain processes for identifying, assessing, and managing such risks.
Our incident response functions, which include our Security and Trust Organization (“S&TO”) under the leadership of our Chief Security and Trust Officer, have established internal policies, processes, and procedures to monitor, detect, investigate, respond to, and escalate management of internal and external cybersecurity threats and incidents. We maintain policies and procedures for the escalation of cybersecurity incidents, assessed as potentially being or becoming material, to designated members of our senior management for further assessment. We also, as necessary, inform our independent registered public accounting firm of significant cybersecurity matters and any relevant developments.
To help identify, assess, and mitigate cybersecurity threats that we face to our business, S&TO, in addition to its own capabilities, partners with Cisco’s Talos Threat Intelligence Group and third parties, including governments and peer companies, to share and receive threat intelligence and other information. S&TO actively monitors for and evaluates cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats, and incidents observable on the internet and the dark web. In addition to monitoring risks from threats to our own business, we operate third-party risk management