also their cloud infrastructure. Our ongoing innovation is delivered, managed and optimized through a combination of hardware, software and subscriptions, in line with the flexible consumption models our customers request.
1
Table of Contents
Cisco can help customers connect, protect and draw actionable insights from their technology. We do this in service of delivering the digital resilience our customers need for today’s complex and unpredictable world.
Customer Priorities
Modernize Infrastructure
In an increasingly digital and connected world, where each new connection to the Internet puts more demand on the network, our customers are looking to modernize and transform their infrastructure, including through automation to manage and monitor each connection in real time.
We continue to transform our enterprise networking portfolio by bringing together several technologies to form an integrated architecture. Our vision is to build a unified management platform experience for on-premise and cloud operating models, that simplifies and helps secure networking for customers at scale.
Our Observability offerings collect and process daily measurements from customers’ owned and unowned networks, providing automated insights, proactive recommendations, and closed-loop operations tailored to customers to enable them to reduce mean time to resolution of issues and improve IT productivity and user experience.
For the data center, our strategy is to deliver multicloud architectures that bring policy and operational consistency, regardless of where applications or data reside. We continue to make significant investments in the development of software, silicon and optics, which we believe are the building blocks for the internet for the future.
As part of modernizing their infrastructure, customers of every size are also looking for solutions to help them communicate more effectively with their customers and to connect their employees more efficiently for productivity. Our collaboration portfolio, which includes interoperable devices and our cloud contact center, provides those solutions, and serves as a key component of smart buildings, powered over ethernet, that we believe will define the workplaces of the future.
Improve Cybersecurity
With the rapid growth in modern applications, hyper-distributed architecture and increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks, customers see cybersecurity as a top priority. Our differentiated security strategy is based on three pillars: moving from point solutions to a platform comprehensively integrated with the infrastructure; infusing security into the fabric of the network; and harnessing the depth and breadth of telemetry data from Cisco and with our acquisition of Splunk Inc. (“Splunk”) to prevent, detect, and respond to sophisticated attacks.
Harness the Power of AI and Data
AI represents a generational shift in technology and is driving an order of magnitude higher requirement for network connectivity. We provide network