revenue.
Contractual Obligations
The impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with the factors that impact our cash flows from operations discussed previously. In addition, we plan for and measure our liquidity and capital resources through an annual budgeting process. The following table summarizes our contractual obligations at July 27, 2024 (in millions):
Operating Leases
For more information on our operating leases, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Purchase Commitments with Contract Manufacturers and Suppliers
We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. Our inventory purchase commitments are for short-term product manufacturing requirements as well as for commitments to suppliers to secure manufacturing capacity. Certain of our inventory purchase commitments are directly with suppliers and relate to fixed-dollar commitments to secure supply and pricing for certain product components for multi-year periods. A significant portion of our reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements are firm, noncancelable, and unconditional commitments. We record a liability for firm, noncancelable, and unconditional purchase commitments for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with the valuation of our excess and obsolete inventory. See further discussion in “Inventory Supply Chain.”
49
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Other Purchase Obligations
Other purchase obligations represent an estimate of all contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business, other than operating leases and commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, for which we have not received the goods or services. Purchase orders are not included in the preceding table as they typically represent our authorization to purchase rather than binding contractual purchase obligations.
Long-Term Debt
The amount of long-term debt in the preceding table represents the principal amount of the respective debt instruments. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Transition Tax Payable
Transition tax payable represents future cash tax payments associated with the one-time U.S. transition tax on accumulated earnings for foreign subsidiaries as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“the Tax Act”).
Other Long-Term Liabilities
Other long-term liabilities primarily include noncurrent income taxes payable, accrued liabilities for deferred compensation, deferred tax liabilities, and certain other long-term liabilities. Due to the uncertainty in the timing of future payments, our noncurrent income taxes payable of approximately $1.7 billion and deferred tax liabilities of $76 million were presented as one aggregated amount in the total column