to reduce the volatility of earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and equity prices. Our derivatives expose us to credit risk to the extent that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the agreement. We seek to mitigate such risks by limiting our counterparties to major financial institutions and requiring collateral in certain cases. In addition, the potential risk of loss with any one counterparty resulting from credit risk is monitored. Management does not expect material losses as a result of defaults by counterparties.
The fair values of our derivative instruments and the line items on the Consolidated Balance Sheets to which they were recorded are summarized as follows (in millions):
The following amounts were recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to cumulative basis adjustments for our fair value hedges (in millions):
28
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
(Unaudited)
The effect of derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges, recognized in interest and other income (loss), net is summarized as follows (in millions):
The effect on the Consolidated Statements of Operations of derivative instruments not designated as hedges is summarized as follows (in millions):
The notional amounts of our outstanding derivatives are summarized as follows (in millions):
(b)
Offsetting of Derivative Instruments
We present our derivative instruments at gross fair values in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. However, our master netting and other similar arrangements with the respective counterparties allow for net settlement under certain conditions, which are designed to reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement with the same counterparty.
To further limit credit risk, we also enter into collateral security arrangements related to certain derivative instruments whereby cash is posted as collateral between the counterparties based on the fair market value of the derivative instrument.
Under these collateral security arrangements, the net cash collateral provided for was $
4
million and $
11
million as of January 25, 2025 and July 27, 2024, respectively.
(c)
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
We conduct business globally in numerous currencies. Therefore, we are exposed to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. To limit the exposure related to foreign currency changes, we enter into foreign currency contracts. We do not enter into such contracts for speculative purposes.
We may hedge forecasted foreign currency transactions related to certain revenues, operating expenses and service cost of sales with currency options and forward contracts. These currency options and forward contracts, designated as cash flow hedges, generally have maturities of less than
24
months. The derivative instrument’s gain or loss is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI)