directly from our Chief Security and Trust Officer. Additionally, the Chief Security and Trust Officer provides more frequent updates to the Board of Directors and Audit Committee if necessary due to a cybersecurity threat, incident, or other development.
As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we do not believe our business, operating results, or financial condition have been materially affected by cybersecurity risks, including as a result of previously identified cybersecurity incidents. For more information on our cybersecurity related risks, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
27
Table of Contents
Our corporate headquarters are located at an owned site in San Jose, California, in the United States of America. The locations of our headquarters by geographic segment are as follows:
In addition to our headquarters site, we own additional sites in the United States, which include facilities in the surrounding areas of San Jose, California; Research Triangle Park, North Carolina; and Richardson, Texas. In addition, we lease office space in many U.S. locations.
Outside the United States our operations are conducted primarily in leased sites. Other significant sites (in addition to the two non-U.S. headquarters locations) are located in Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, Germany, India, Israel, Norway, Poland, and the United Kingdom.
We believe that our existing facilities, including both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business.
For a description of pending legal proceedings in which we are involved, see Note 14 “Commitments and Contingencies - (f) Legal Proceedings” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Not applicable.
28
Table of Contents
PART II
(a)
Cisco common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CSCO. There were 32,405
registered stockholders as of August 30, 2024.
(b)
None.
(c)
Issuer purchases of equity securities (in millions, except per-share amounts):
On September 13, 2001, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase program. As of July 27, 2024, the remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this program is approximately $5.2 billion with no termination date.
For the majority of restricted stock units granted, the number of shares issued on the date the restricted stock units vest is net of shares withheld to meet applicable tax withholding requirements. Although these withheld shares are not issued or considered common stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program and therefore are not included in the preceding table, they are treated as common stock repurchases in our financial statements as they reduce the number of shares that would have been issued upon vesting (see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
29
Table of Contents
Stock Performance Graph