including stock repurchase program and dividends, our contractual obligations, and certain other commitments and activities on our liquidity and capital resources.
Balance Sheet and Cash Flows
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Investments
The following table summarizes our cash and cash equivalents and investments (in millions):
The net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and investments from fiscal 2023 to fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by a net outflow for the acquisition of Splunk of $27.5 billion, cash returned to stockholders in the form of cash dividends of $6.4 billion and repurchases of common stock of $5.8 billion, repayment of debt of $1.8 billion, net cash paid for our other acquisitions, excluding Splunk, of $1.3 billion and capital expenditures of $0.7 billion. These uses of cash were partially offset by the issuance of senior notes for net proceeds of $13.4 billion, net cash provided by operating activities of $10.9 billion and net issuances of commercial paper notes of $10.8 billion. The net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2024 includes the fiscal 2023 federal tax payment of $2.8 billion that was deferred by the IRS as a result of the California floods and the U.S. transition tax payment of $1.4 billion.
We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. We classify our investments as short-term investments based on their nature and their availability for use in current operations. We believe the overall credit quality of our portfolio is strong, with our cash equivalents and our available-for-sale debt investment portfolio consisting primarily of high quality investment-grade securities. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends as discussed below.
Securities Lending
We periodically engage in securities lending activities with certain of our available-for-sale debt investments. These transactions are accounted for as a secured lending of the securities, and the securities are typically loaned only on an overnight basis. We require collateral equal to at least 102% of the fair market value of the loaned security and that the collateral be in the form of cash or liquid, high-quality assets. We engage in these secured lending transactions only with highly creditworthy counterparties, and the associated portfolio custodian has agreed to indemnify us against collateral losses. We did not experience any losses in connection with the secured lending of securities during the periods presented. As of July 27, 2024 and July 29, 2023, we had no outstanding securities lending transactions.
Free Cash Flow and Capital Allocation
As part of our capital allocation strategy, we target to return a minimum of 50% of