outstanding as of January 25, 2025 for the U.S. transition tax on accumulated earnings for foreign subsidiaries was $1.6 billion, which is payable in the second quarter of fiscal 2026.
For our Contractual Obligations see our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 27, 2024.
58
Table of Contents
CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Other Commitments
In connection with our acquisitions, we have agreed to pay certain additional amounts contingent upon the continued employment with us of certain employees of the acquired entities. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
We also have certain funding commitments primarily related to our privately held investments. The funding commitments were $0.2 billion as of each of January 25, 2025 and July 27, 2024.
In the ordinary course of business, we have privately held investments and provide financing to certain customers. Certain of these investments are considered to be variable interest entities. We evaluate on an ongoing basis our privately held investments and customer financings, and we have determined that as of January 25, 2025 there were no material unconsolidated variable interest entities.
On an ongoing basis, we reassess our privately held investments and customer financings to determine if they are variable interest entities and if we would be regarded as the primary beneficiary pursuant to the applicable accounting guidance. As a result of this ongoing assessment, we may be required to make additional disclosures or consolidate these entities. Because we may not control these entities, we may not have the ability to influence these events.
We provide financing guarantees, which are generally for various third-party financing arrangements extended to our channel partners. We could be called upon to make payments under these guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel partners. See the previous discussion of these financing guarantees under “Financing Receivables and Guarantees.”
Liquidity and Capital Resource Requirements
Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe our cash and cash equivalents, investments, cash generated from operations, and ability to access capital markets and committed credit lines will satisfy, through at least the next 12 months, our liquidity requirements, both in total and domestically, including the following: working capital needs (including inventory and other supply related payments), capital expenditures, investment requirements, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on debt, pending acquisitions, future customer financings, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations. There are no other transactions, arrangements, or relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect the liquidity and