million at December 31, 2023. Distributions to noncontrolling interests net of contributions totaled $195 million and $40 million in 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Pension Obligations
Information related to pension plan contributions is included in
Note 23 Employee Benefit Plans
, under the heading “Cash Contributions and Benefit Payments.”
Contractual Obligations
Information related to the company’s significant contractual obligations is included in
Note 19 Short-Term Debt
, in
Note 20 Long-Term Debt
and in
Note 5 Lease Commitments
. The aggregate amount of interest due on these obligations, excluding leases, is: 2025 – $747; 2026 – $666; 2027 – $605; 2028 – $566; 2029 – $562; after 2029 – $4,355.
Long-Term Unconditional Purchase Obligations and Commitments, Including Throughput and Take-or-Pay Agreements
Information related to these off-balance sheet matters is included in
Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments
, under the heading “Long-Term Unconditional Purchase Obligations and Commitments, Including Throughput and Take-or-Pay Agreements.”
Direct Guarantees
Information related to guarantees is included in
Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments
under the heading “Guarantees.”
Indemnifications
Information related to indemnifications is included in
Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments
under the heading “Indemnifications.”
51
Financial Ratios and Metrics
The following represent several metrics the company believes are useful measures to monitor the financial health of the company and its performance over time:
Current Ratio
Current assets divided by current liabilities, which indicates the company’s ability to repay its short-term liabilities with short-term assets. The current ratio in all periods is adversely affected by the fact that Chevron’s inventories are valued on a last-in, first-out basis. At year-end 2024, the book value of inventory was lower than replacement costs, based on average acquisition costs during the year, by approximately $6.0 billion.
Interest Coverage Ratio
Income before income tax expense, plus interest and debt expense and amortization of capitalized interest, less net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, divided by before-tax interest costs. This ratio indicates the company’s ability to pay interest on outstanding debt.
Free Cash Flow
The cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures, which represents the cash available to creditors and investors after investing in the business.
Debt Ratio
Total debt as a percentage of total debt plus Chevron Corporation Stockholders’ Equity, which indicates the company’s leverage.
52
Net Debt Ratio
Total debt less cash and cash equivalents, time deposits and marketable securities as a percentage of total debt less cash and cash equivalents, time deposits and marketable securities, plus Chevron Corporation Stockholders’ Equity, which indicates the company’s leverage, net of its cash balances.
Capital Employed
The sum of Chevron Corporation