pressure on companies to address ESG matters, and potential customer and consumer use of substitutes to Chevron’s products have resulted and may continue to result in changes to the portfolio and company activities, increased costs, reduced demand for our products, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation or threats thereof, negative impacts on our stock price and access to capital markets, impaired participation in public discourse and debate by the company relating to mandatory and voluntary standards and regulations, and damage to our reputation. For example, increasing attention to ESG matters, including climate change, has resulted and may result in the future in shifting demand for our hydrocarbon products, and have resulted in additional litigation and governmental investigations, or threats thereof, against the company. For instance, we have received investigative requests and demands from the U.S. Congress for information relating to climate change, methane leak detection and repair, and other topics, and further requests and/or demands are possible. At this time, Chevron cannot predict the ultimate impact any Congressional or other investigations may have on the company. Information related to climate-change related litigation matters is included in Note 16 Litigation under the heading “Climate Change.”
Some stakeholders, including but not limited to sovereign wealth, pension, and endowment funds, have been divesting and promoting divestment of or screening out of fossil fuel equities and urging lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves. Further, voluntary carbon-related and target-setting frameworks have been developed that may limit the ability of certain sectors, including the oil and gas sector, from accessing capital, and may result in exclusion of the company’s equity or debt from being included as an investment option in portfolios. In addition, some stakeholders, including some of our investors, have divergent and evolving views on our ESG-related strategies and priorities, vis-à-vis our lines of business, calling for focus on increased production of oil and gas products rather than lower carbon business lines and climate-related targets. These circumstances, among others, may result in pressure from activists on production; unfavorable reputational impacts, including inaccurate perceptions or a misrepresentation of our actual ESG policies, practices and performance; diversion of management’s attention and resources; and proxy fights, among other material adverse impacts on our businesses.
25
In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters, including climate change and climate-related risks (including entities commonly referred to as “raters and rankers”). Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their