In addition, impairments could occur due to changes in national, state or local environmental regulations or laws, including those designed to stop or impede the development or production of oil and gas. Also, if the expectation of sale of a particular asset or asset group in any period has been deemed more likely than not, an impairment review is performed, and if the estimated future undiscounted cash flows exceed the carrying value of the asset or asset group, no impairment charge is required. Such calculations are reviewed each period until the asset or asset group is disposed. Assets that are not impaired on a held-and-used basis could possibly become impaired if a decision is made to sell such assets. That is, the assets would be impaired if they are classified as held-for-sale and the estimated proceeds from the sale, less costs to sell, are less than the assets’ associated carrying values.
Investments in common stock of affiliates that are accounted for under the equity method, as well as investments in other securities of these equity investees, are reviewed for impairment when the fair value of the investment falls below the company’s carrying value. When this occurs, a determination must be made as to whether this loss is other-than-temporary, in which case the investment is impaired. Because of the number of differing assumptions potentially affecting whether an investment is impaired in any period or the amount of the impairment, a sensitivity analysis is not practicable.
A sensitivity analysis of the impact on earnings for these periods if other assumptions had been used in impairment reviews and impairment calculations is not practicable, given the broad range of the company’s PP&E and the number of assumptions involved in the estimates. That is, favorable changes to some assumptions might have avoided the need to impair any assets in these periods, whereas unfavorable changes might have caused an additional unknown number of other assets to become impaired, or resulted in larger impacts on impaired assets.
Asset Retirement Obligations
In the determination of fair value for an asset retirement obligation (ARO), the company uses various assumptions and judgments, including such factors as the existence of a legal obligation, estimated amounts and timing of settlements, discount and inflation rates, and the expected impact of advances in technology and process improvements. A sensitivity analysis of the ARO impact on earnings for 2024 is not practicable, given the broad range of the company’s long-lived assets and the number of assumptions involved in the estimates. That is, favorable changes to some assumptions would have reduced estimated future obligations, thereby lowering accretion expense and amortization costs, whereas unfavorable changes would have the opposite effect. Refer to
Note 25 Asset Retirement Obligations
for additional discussions on asset retirement obligations.
Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefit Plans
Note