could announce additional tariffs in future periods. There is significant uncertainty as to the duration of these and any further tariffs, and the impacts these tariffs and any corresponding retaliatory tariffs will have on the company and its suppliers. The financial impacts of the tariffs are currently not expected to be material; however, the ultimate impact on the company’s results of operations and financial condition remains uncertain.
Refer to the
Cautionary Statement Relevant to Forward-Looking Information
on page 2 and to
Item 1A. Risk Factors
for a discussion of some of the inherent risks that could materially impact the company’s results of operations or financial condition.
Acquisition and Disposition of Assets
The company continually evaluates opportunities to dispose of assets that are not expected to provide sufficient long-term value and to acquire assets or operations complementary to its asset base to help augment the company’s financial performance and value growth. The company is targeting $10-15 billion of asset sales over the five-year period ending in 2028. From 2024 through January 2025, the company has generated approximately $8 billion of asset sales proceeds.
Asset dispositions and restructurings may result in significant gains or losses in future periods.
In addition, some assets are divested along with their related liabilities, such as decommissioning obligations. In certain instances, such transferred obligations have returned and may continue to return to the company and result in losses that could be significant. For example, in fourth quarter 2023, the company recognized charges for decommissioning obligations from certain previously divested assets in the Gulf of America. In 2024, the company spent $235 million related to these obligations and anticipates spending an additional $200-300 million annually through 2033. To the extent the current owners of the company’s previously divested assets default on their decommissioning obligations, regulators may require that Chevron assume such obligations. The company could have additional significant obligations revert, primarily in the United States. The company is not currently aware of any such obligations that are reasonably possible to be material. Refer to
Note 24. Other Contingencies and Commitments
for additional information.
In December 2024, the company sold its 20 percent non-operated interest in the Athabasca Oil Sands Project and 70 percent operated interest in the Duvernay shale in Alberta, Canada, to Canadian Natural Resources Limited for $6.5 billion before taxes, and expects to make tax payments totaling $1.5 billion in first quarter 2025. In 2024, these assets produced 86 thousand barrels of oil-equivalent per day and generated over $2.2 billion of sales and approximately $590 million of operational net income. As part of the sale, the buyer assumed decommissioning obligations for the transferred assets.
In October 2023, the company announced that it