equity interest in the Caspian Pipeline Consortium (CPC) that provides a primary export route for Tengiz field production in Kazakhstan. An adverse event or incident affecting CPC operations, which CPC has experienced from time to time, could have a negative impact on the Tengiz field and the company’s results of operations and financial position. The financial impacts of such risks remain uncertain.
Other governments (including Russia) have imposed and may impose additional sanctions and other trade laws, restrictions and regulations that could lead to disruption in our ability to produce, transport, and/or export crude in the region around Russia.
Chevron holds a 39.7 percent interest in the Leviathan field and a 25 percent interest in the Tamar field in Israel. Despite the ongoing conflict between Israel and various regional adversaries, the company continues to maintain safe and reliable operations while meeting its contractual commitments. The company continues to monitor the ongoing conflict in the region, and any future impacts on the company’s results of operations and financial condition remain uncertain.
Source: Platts
The chart above shows the trend in benchmark prices for Brent crude oil, West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil, and U.S. Henry Hub natural gas. The Brent price averaged $76 per barrel for the first three months of 2025, compared with $83 per barrel during the first three months of 2024, and ended April at about $63 per barrel. For every dollar change in Brent crude oil prices, the company’s annual after-tax earnings and cash flow sensitivity is approximately $450 million.
29
Table of Contents
The WTI price averaged $71 per barrel for the first three months of 2025 compared to $77 per barrel in the first three months of 2024, and ended April at about $58 per barrel. The majority of the company’s equity crude production is priced based on the Brent benchmark.
The U.S. Henry Hub natural gas price averaged $4.25 per thousand cubic feet (MCF) for the first three months of 2025, compared with $2.50 per MCF during the first three months of 2024, and ended April at about $3.17 per MCF. See page 36 for the company’s U.S. and international average realizations for the first three months of 2025 and the same period last year.
After rising in early January, crude prices trended back down through the first quarter and have declined sharply in April as a result of concerns about slowing economic growth and a decision from OPEC+ to begin unwinding 2.2 million barrels per day of voluntary production cuts.
In contrast to price movements in the global market for crude oil, prices for natural gas are also impacted by regional supply and demand and infrastructure conditions in local markets. In the United States, cold weather and strong liquefied natural gas (LNG) exports drove the U.S. storage levels below the five-year average, leading to higher Henry Hub prices.
Outside the United States, prices for natural gas also depend on a wide