programs, which are refined on an ongoing basis to meet the needs of the business. The company invests in developing leadership at every level, including coaching programs for frontline supervisors, managers and individual contributors. Chevron invests in developing and upskilling employees, including things such as tailored generative AI training for leaders, practitioners and the broader workforce. In addition, the company offers the Digital Scholar Program, preparing employees with advanced technology skills through one-year Master of Science degrees in Engineering and Management.
In addition, leadership reviews the talent pipeline, identifies and develops succession candidates, and builds succession plans for key positions. The Board of Directors provides oversight of CEO and executive succession planning.
Management routinely reviews the retention of its professional population, executives, all levels of management, and the majority of its regular employee population. The voluntary attrition for this population in 2024 was 3.1 percent, in line with historical rates. The voluntary attrition rate generally excludes employee departures under restructuring programs. Chevron believes its low voluntary attrition rate is in part a result of the company’s commitment to employee development, competitive pay and benefits, and culture.
4
Diversity and Inclusion
Chevron believes human ingenuity is best able to solve difficult problems when people with different ideas, experiences and backgrounds work together in an inclusive environment.
The company has 11 employee networks (voluntary groups open to all employees with shared interests). The Chairman’s Inclusion Council provides employee network presidents with a direct line of communication to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Human Resources Officer, the Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer, and the executive leadership team to discuss how employee networks can help reinforce the company’s values and achieve its business objectives.
Diversity and inclusion at Chevron means zero tolerance for discrimination based on race, sex or other protected characteristics, and a deep respect for the cultures in which we operate. Chevron rejects the use of quotas and focuses on removing barriers to equal opportunity, fostering diversity, and ensuring that selection decisions are based on merit.
Employee Engagement
Employee engagement is an indicator of employee well-being and commitment to the company’s values, purpose and strategies. The company regularly conducts employee surveys to assess the health of the company’s culture. Our surveys indicate high levels of employee engagement compared to our industry.
Chevron prioritizes the health, safety and well-being of its employees. The company’s safety culture empowers every member of its workforce to exercise stop-work authority without repercussion to address any potential unsafe work conditions. The company has set clear expectations for leaders