Note 23 Employee Benefit Plans
, for reclassified components, including amortization of actuarial gains or losses, amortization of prior service costs and settlement losses, totaling $
237
that are included in employee benefit costs for the year ended December 31, 2024. Related income taxes for the same period, totaling $
62
, are reflected in Income Tax Expense on the Consolidated Statement of Income. All other reclassified amounts were insignificant.
3
Refer to
Note 10 Financial and Derivative Instruments
for cash flow hedging.
72
Note 3
Information Relating to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
The “Other” line in the Operating Activities section includes changes in asset retirement obligations, decommissioning obligations associated with previously divested assets, post-employment benefit obligations and other long-term liabilities. Refer also to
Note 25 Asset Retirement Obligations
for a discussion of the company’s AROs activity, including revisions that did not involve cash receipts or payments
.
The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows excludes changes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet that did not affect cash. “Depreciation, depletion and amortization” and “Deferred income tax provision” collectively include approximately $
400
73
in non-cash reductions to “Properties, plant and equipment” and “Investments and advances” in 2024 relating to impairments. “Operating expenses” and “Deferred income tax provision” include an approximately $
715
severance charge related to non-cash increases to “Net decrease (increase) in operating working capital” and “Other” associated with employee severance. The cash outlay for severance payments is expected to take place through 2026.
The components of “Capital expenditures” are presented in the following table:
* Excludes non-cash movements of $
395
in 2024, $
1,559
in 2023 and $
316
in 2022.
The table below quantifies the beginning and ending balances of restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the Consolidated Balance Sheet:
Note 4
New Accounting Standards
Segment Reporting (Topic 280) Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
The company has adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standard Update (ASU) 2023-07 which is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The standard requires companies to disclose significant segment expenses. The adoption of this ASU did not have an impact on the company’s consolidated financial position or results of operations. For additional information, refer to
Note 14 Operating Segments and Geographic Data
.
Income Taxes (Topic 740) Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, which becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The standard requires companies to disclose specific categories in the income tax rate reconciliation table and the amount of income taxes paid