additives. All Other activities of the company include worldwide cash management and debt financing activities, corporate administrative functions, insurance operations, real estate activities, and technology activities.
The company’s segments are managed by “segment managers” who report to the “chief operating decision maker” (CODM), which is comprised of the company’s Executive Committee, as referenced in
Item 10 Executive Officers
.
The segments represent components of the company that engage in activities from which revenues are earned and expenses are incurred. Each segment has discrete financial information available. The CODM regularly reviews the operating results of these segments to assess their performance and make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segments. The company's primary country of operation is the United States of America, its country of domicile, while other components of the company's operations are reported as “International” (outside the United States).
Segment Sales and Other Operating Revenues
Products are transferred between operating segments at internal product values that approximate market prices.
Revenues for the upstream segment are derived primarily from the production and sale of crude oil, natural gas and NGLs, as well as the sale of third-party production of natural gas. Revenues for the downstream segment are derived from the refining and marketing of petroleum products such as gasoline, jet fuel, gas oils, lubricants, residual fuel oils and other products derived from crude oil. This segment also generates revenues from the manufacture and sale of fuel and lubricant additives, renewable fuels, and the transportation and trading of refined products and crude oil. “All Other” activities include revenues from insurance operations, real estate activities and technology companies.
80
Segment Expenses
Purchased crude oil and products, operating and selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expense, and depreciation, depletion and amortization are the company’s significant segment expenses. Operating and SG&A expenses include transportation, employee costs, service and fees, fuel and utilities, materials and supplies, SG&A expenses and other components of periodic benefit costs. Other costs and deductions primarily represent taxes other than on income, exploration expense and interest and debt expenses.
Segment Earnings
The company evaluates the performance of its operating segments on an after-tax basis, without considering the effects of debt financing interest expense or investment interest income, both of which are managed by the company on a worldwide basis. Corporate administrative costs are not allocated to the operating segments. However, operating segments are billed for the direct use of corporate services. Non-billable costs remain at the corporate level in “All Other.”
Segmented income statements for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 are presented below:
81
82
Segment