Stockholders’ Equity, total debt and noncontrolling interests, which represents the net investment in the business.
Return on Average Capital Employed (ROCE)
Net income attributable to Chevron (adjusted for after-tax interest expense and noncontrolling interest) divided by average capital employed. Average capital employed is computed by averaging the sum of capital employed at the beginning and end of the year. ROCE is a ratio intended to measure annual earnings as a percentage of historical investments in the business.
Return on Stockholders
’
Equity (ROSE)
Net income attributable to Chevron divided by average Chevron Corporation Stockholders’ Equity. Average stockholders’ equity is computed by averaging the sum of stockholders’ equity at the beginning and end of the year. ROSE is a ratio intended to measure earnings as a percentage of shareholder investments.
Financial and Derivative Instrument Market Risk
The market risk associated with the company’s portfolio of financial and derivative instruments is discussed below. The estimates of financial exposure to market risk do not represent the company’s projection of future market changes. The actual impact of future market changes could differ materially due to factors discussed elsewhere in this report, including those set forth under the heading
Item 1A. Risk Factors
.
53
Derivative Commodity Instruments
Chevron is exposed to market risks related to the price volatility of crude oil, refined products, NGLs, natural gas, liquefied natural gas and refinery feedstocks. The company uses derivative commodity instruments to manage these exposures on a portion of its activity, including firm commitments and anticipated transactions for the purchase, sale and storage of crude oil, refined products, NGLs, natural gas, liquefied natural gas and feedstock for company refineries. The company also uses derivative commodity instruments for limited trading purposes. The results of these activities were not material to the company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows in 2024.
The company’s market exposure positions are monitored on a daily basis by an internal Risk Control group in accordance with the company’s risk management policies. The company’s risk management practices and its compliance with policies are reviewed by the Audit Committee of the company’s Board of Directors.
Derivatives beyond those designated as normal purchase and normal sale contracts are recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet with resulting gains and losses reflected in income. Fair values are derived principally from published market quotes and other independent third-party quotes. The change in fair value of Chevron’s derivative commodity instruments in 2024 was not material to the company’s results of operations.
The company uses the Monte Carlo simulation method as its Value-at-Risk (VaR) model to estimate the maximum potential loss in fair value, at the 95 percent confidence level with a