2,737 billions of cubic feet and equivalent synthetic oil projected to be consumed in operations of 0, 27, and 28 millions of barrels as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Reserves Governance
The company has adopted a comprehensive reserves and resources classification system modeled after a system developed and approved by a number of organizations, including the Society of Petroleum Engineers, the World Petroleum Congress and the American Association of Petroleum Geologists. The company classifies discovered recoverable hydrocarbons into six categories based on their status at the time of reporting – three deemed commercial and three potentially recoverable. Within the commercial classification are proved reserves and two categories of unproved reserves: probable and possible. The potentially recoverable categories are also referred to as contingent resources. For reserves estimates to be classified as proved, they must meet all SEC and company standards.
Proved oil and gas reserves are the estimated quantities that geoscience and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be economically producible in the future from known reservoirs under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations. Net proved reserves exclude royalties and interests owned by others and reflect contractual arrangements and royalty obligations in effect at the time of the estimate.
Proved reserves are classified as either developed or undeveloped. Proved developed reserves are the quantities expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods, or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well. Proved undeveloped reserves are the quantities expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion.
108
Due to the inherent uncertainties and the limited nature of reservoir data, estimates of reserves are subject to change as additional information becomes available.
Proved reserves are estimated by company asset teams composed of earth scientists and engineers. As part of the internal control process related to reserves estimation, the company maintains a Reserves Advisory Committee (RAC) that is chaired by the Manager of Global Reserves, an organization that is separate from the business units that estimate reserves. The Manager of Global Reserves has more than 35 years of experience working in the oil and gas industry and holds both undergraduate and graduate degrees in geoscience. His experience includes various technical and management roles in providing reserve and resource estimates in support of major capital and exploration projects, and more than 10 years of overseeing oil and gas reserves processes. He has been named a Distinguished Lecturer by the American Association of Petroleum Geologists and is an active member of the