2024, compared to $83 in 2023. As of mid-February 2025, the Brent price was $75 per barrel. The WTI price averaged $76 per barrel for the full-year 2024, compared to $78 in 2023. As of mid-February 2025, the WTI price was $71 per barrel. The majority of the company’s equity crude production is priced based on the Brent benchmark. The U.S. Henry Hub natural gas price averaged $2.25 per thousand cubic feet (MCF) for the full-year 2024, compared to $2.56 in 2023. As of mid-February 2025, the Henry Hub price was $4.42 per MCF. See page 47 for the company’s U.S. and international average realizations for each of the past three years.
Crude prices in 2024 were influenced by geopolitical conflict and OPEC+ supply restraint, which was offset by factors such as non-OPEC supply growth and slowing demand growth.
In contrast to price movements in the global market for crude oil, prices for natural gas are also impacted by regional supply and demand and infrastructure conditions in local markets. In the United States, lower Henry Hub prices were driven by high storage levels, strong production, and delayed starts to liquefied natural gas (LNG) export projects.
Outside the United States, prices for natural gas also depend on a wide range of supply, demand and regulatory circumstances. The company’s long-term contract prices for LNG are typically linked to crude oil prices. Most of the equity LNG offtake from the operated Australian LNG projects is committed under binding long-term contracts, with some sold in the Asian spot LNG market.
Production
The company’s worldwide net oil-equivalent production in 2024 was 3.3 million barrels per day, 7 percent higher than in 2023 primarily due to the full-year of legacy PDC Energy, Inc. (PDC) production and growth in the Permian Basin. About 20 percent of the company’s net oil-equivalent production in 2024 occurred in OPEC+ member countries of  Equatorial Guinea, Kazakhstan, Nigeria, the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait and the Republic of Congo.
The company estimates its net oil-equivalent production in 2025 to increase six to eight percent over 2024, assuming a Brent crude oil price of $70 per barrel and excluding expected asset sales. This estimate is subject to many factors and uncertainties, including quotas or other actions that may be imposed by OPEC+; price effects on entitlement volumes; changes in fiscal terms or restrictions on the scope of company operations; delays in construction; reservoir performance; greater-than-expected declines in production from mature fields; start-up or ramp-up of projects; acquisition and divestment of assets; fluctuations in demand for crude oil and natural gas in various markets; weather conditions that may shut in production; civil unrest; changing geopolitics; delays in completion of maintenance turnarounds; storage constraints or economic conditions that could lead to shut-in production; or other disruptions to operations. The outlook for future
40
production