which are high-level design requirements expected to be built into any new digital solutions being deployed, are also updated on an ongoing basis to align with changes in industry standards and the evolving threat environment.
Chevron’s cyber risk management process includes testing and risk assessments of technologies,
third-party suppliers
, and its IT and OT networks. These assessments ensure that our focus is on the highest priorities to maintain the security of our company’s assets. To further protect the company’s systems and data, Chevron’s cybersecurity organization has threat intelligence capabilities to monitor security breaches impacting third-party suppliers. As third-party risks increase, the company’s approach to third-party supplier risk management and qualification continues to evolve, including the ongoing expansion of its current supplier risk management program beyond IT vendors to other high-risk, third-party vendors.
Chevron’s
Chief Information Officer (CIO)
oversees Chevron’s broader IT program, which includes the company’s cybersecurity program and its ability to remediate and recover from a cybersecurity incident to minimize business and operational impacts.
Chevron’s CIO joined Chevron in 2024, bringing more than 20 years of experience leading global innovation initiatives in digital, data, full supply chains, vehicle commerce, energy, and IT operations for technology and automotive companies. Chevron’s Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) reports to the CIO and leads a global cybersecurity team.
27
Chevron operates four Cyber Intelligence Centers around the world, some co-located with critical assets, with cyber professionals who monitor and respond to cyber threats 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, to limit the scope and impact of cyber incidents in its networks. The cybersecurity organization provides the IT leadership, which includes Chevron’s CIO, with
regular cybersecurity operations reports detailing prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation efforts associated with cyber incidents, both on Chevron’s networks and third-party supplier networks. The leadership of the cybersecurity organization has authority to mobilize a cross-functional cyber incident response team, including outside cybersecurity experts, to drive mitigation and remediation actions. Status updates on incidents are provided to senior management and to the Board, as appropriate.
The company’s dedicated cyber risk organization meets regularly with business units to raise cyber risk awareness and keep diverse cybersecurity skill sets connected across the enterprise. Chevron has invested in broad cybersecurity awareness and required training to educate those with access to Chevron’s networks on company policy and best practices. The company conducts regular phishing tests to train and assess its workforce’s ability to identify malicious emails.
Chevron’s Corporate Audit Department has a dedicated team responsible for IT and information