security (including cybersecurity) audits. Chevron also leverages external resources to reinforce its cybersecurity capabilities. On a regular basis, external consultants provide a maturity assessment of the company’s cybersecurity program.
The company’s approach to managing risks, including cybersecurity risks, is embedded within the enterprise Operational Excellence (OE) Management System (OEMS). The OEMS provides a systematic process that enables the company to manage risk and implement safeguards and foster a culture of learning across different focus areas for Chevron’s business, including cybersecurity. The company’s Business Continuity Planning OE Process, a component of the OEMS, is designed to prepare Chevron to continue operations during an unplanned event or disruption, which aligns with its OE objective to prevent high-consequence security and cybersecurity incidents. Chevron works to identify critical business processes and dependent IT applications and document the processes for continuing operations without IT systems. Cross-functional teams also conduct regular multidisciplinary exercises to test and improve response plans.
The
Board
provides oversight of Chevron’s cybersecurity program, receives reports from management on cybersecurity risks in connection with Chevron’s operations and projects, and also reviews cybersecurity risks as part of the company’s broader annual ERM process.
In support of the Board’s oversight of the company’s policies and processes with respect to risk management and the company’s major financial risk exposures, including cybersecurity,
the Audit Committee meets with Chevron’s CISO and CIO at least twice a year to review cybersecurity risks and implications, including the results of independent third-party assessments.
The CISO and CIO present cybersecurity matters to the Board of Directors at least annually.
The CISO and CIO also provide new Board members with a cybersecurity briefing as part of the onboarding process.
To date, the company has not experienced a cybersecurity threat or incident that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the company, including its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition; however, the company has experienced and will continue to experience cyber incidents of varying degrees.
Despite the cybersecurity measures that the company is taking to mitigate such risks, there can be no guarantee that such measures will be sufficient to protect the company’s systems, information, intellectual property and other assets from significant harm and that future cybersecurity incidents will not have a material adverse effect on the company or its results of operations or financial condition or cause reputational or other harm to the company. Refer to
Item 1A. Risk Factors
on pages 21 through 22 for further discussion of cyberattacks and the associated risks to Chevron’s business.
Item 2. Properties
The location and character of the