receivables was $
13.2
billion and
$
14.2
billion a
t March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively. Other items included in “Accounts and notes receivable” represent amounts due from partners for their share of joint venture operating and project costs and amounts due from others, primarily related to derivatives, leases, buy/sell arrangements, and product exchanges, which are accounted for outside the scope of Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) 606
.
Note 16.
Financial Instruments - Credit Losses
Chevron’s expected credit loss allowance balance was $
456
million and $
611
million at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively, with a majority of the allowance relating to non-trade receivable balances.
The majority of the company’s receivable balance is concentrated in trade receivables, with a balance of $
17.2
billion at March 31, 2025, which reflects the company’s diversified sources of revenues and is dispersed across the company’s broad worldwide customer base. As a result, the company believes the concentration of credit risk is limited. The company routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers. When the financial strength of a customer is not considered sufficient, alternative risk mitigation measures may be deployed, including requiring prepayments, letters of credit or other acceptable forms of collateral. Once credit is extended and a receivable balance exists, the company applies a quantitative calculation to current trade receivable balances that reflects credit risk predictive analysis, including probability of default and loss given default, which takes into consideration current and forward-looking market data as well as the company’s historical loss data. This statistical approach becomes the basis of the company’s expected credit loss allowance for current trade receivables with payment terms that are typically short-term in nature, with most due in less than 90 days.
Chevron’s non-trade receivable balance was $
3.8
billion at March 31, 2025, which includes receivables from certain governments in their capacity as joint venture partners. Joint venture partner balances that are paid per contract terms or are not yet due are subject to the statistical analysis described above, while past due balances are subject to additional qualitative management quarterly review. This management review includes review of reasonable and supportable repayment forecasts. Non-trade receivables also include employee and tax receivables that are deemed immaterial and low risk.
Note 17.
Long-Term Debt
In the first quarter of 2025, the company issued $
5.5
billion in aggregate principal amount of floating and fixed rate notes as detailed in the table below.
23
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Note 18.
Agreement to Acquire Hess Corporation
On October 23, 2023, Chevron Corporation announced it had entered into a definitive agreement with Hess Corporation (Hess) to acquire all of its