and storage, hydrogen and geothermal energy.
Chevron leverages its in-house expertise to undertake internal research and development to advance energy solutions. The company holds more than 4,000 patents for new technologies, with nearly 3,400 additional patents pending, making Chevron one of the leading U.S. patent holders in the industry.
Collaboration is increasingly important to close innovation gaps and integrate emerging technologies into existing energy value chains. Chevron works with startups, universities, national laboratories, joint ventures and service companies to explore, evaluate and scale solutions. Chevron is applying artificial intelligence (AI) to drive productivity, efficiency and value to its global operations. The company is building high-impact use cases leveraging its extensive data and insights and collaborating with others to access AI solutions to help unlock value. In an effort to ensure its AI systems are reliable and effective, the company is employing processes to assess its capabilities, limitations and readiness. Chevron is a member of the Responsible AI institute, a consortium focused on integrating AI responsibly while safeguarding human values.
19
The Chevron Technology Ventures (CTV) unit identifies and invests in externally developed technologies and new business solutions with the potential to enhance the way Chevron produces and delivers affordable, reliable and lower carbon energy. CTV has more than 25 years of being the primary on-ramp for early-stage, external innovation into Chevron, including venture investing, with ten funds that have supported more than 150 startups and worked with more than 350 co-investors.
In addition to the company’s own managed funds, Chevron also makes investments indirectly through the following funds: the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI) Climate Investments’ Catalyst Fund I, which targets decarbonization within the oil and gas, industrial, built environments and commercial transportation sectors; Emerald funds, one of which targets energy, water, food, mobility, industrial IT and advanced materials and another that focuses on sustainable packaging; Carbon Direct Capital, a growth equity investor in carbon management technologies; and the HX Venture Fund 1 that targets Houston, Texas high-growth start-up companies.
Some of the investments the company makes in the areas described above are in new or unproven technologies and business processes; therefore, the ultimate technical or commercial successes of these investments are not certain. Refer to
Note 27 Other Financial Information
for quantification of the company’s research and development expenses.
Chevron New Energies
The new energies organization is focused on developing new businesses with the aim to support the company’s objectives to lower the carbon intensity of its operations and enable growth opportunities with the potential to generate competitive returns. These include additional fuel solutions utilizing