GENERAL RISK FACTORS
Changes in management’s estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company’s consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance in any given period
In preparing the company’s periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including its financial statements, Chevron’s management is required under applicable rules and regulations to make estimates and assumptions as of a specified date. These estimates and assumptions are based on management’s best estimates and experience as of that date and are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty. Materially different results may occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include impairments to property, plant and equipment and investments in affiliates; estimates of crude oil and natural gas recoverable reserves; accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves; estimates for decommissioning obligations, including for previously divested assets; and measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other post-employment benefit plans. Changes in estimates or assumptions or the information underlying the assumptions, such as changes in the company’s business plans, general market conditions, the pace of energy transition, or changes in the company’s outlook on commodity prices, could affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities or expenses.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Chevron’s business and proprietary information, information technology (IT) and operational technology (OT) networks are essential to its success.
The company’s cybersecurity program is designed to protect its information assets and operations from external and internal cyber threats by identifying and appropriately managing and mitigating risks while ensuring business resiliency.
This program is integrated within the company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process, which is the company’s systematic approach to identifying, managing and assessing major risks and safeguards, including cybersecurity risks. Chevron uses a risk-based information security process aligned with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework to identify, prioritize and mitigate cyber risks.
The company’s worldwide team of cybersecurity professionals undertakes a range of preemptive activities to protect its people, assets and reputation globally. The company also leverages internal and external resources to monitor cybersecurity threats to its systems and networks and to understand the broader threat environment. The company seeks to remove exploitable weaknesses in its systems or devices before they become a threat. Chevron security experts use automated threat intelligence feeds to increase vulnerability awareness, taking action to mitigate the highest risks. The company’s cybersecurity guardrails,