the Arthit field located in the Malay Basin. Concessions for the producing areas within this basin expire between 2036 and 2040. Chevron also has an exploration and production license for Block G2/65, which covers 3.7 million net acres.
Chevron holds between 30 to 80 percent operated and nonoperated working interests in the Thailand-Cambodia Overlapping Claims Area that are inactive, pending resolution of border issues between Thailand and Cambodia.
Australia
Chevron is the largest producer of LNG in Australia. Acreage can be found in the
Acreage
table. Net daily oil-equivalent production can be found in the
Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas
table.
Upstream activities in Australia are concentrated offshore Western Australia, where the company is the operator of two major LNG projects, Gorgon and Wheatstone, and has a nonoperated working interest in the North West Shelf (NWS) Venture and exploration acreage in the Carnarvon Basin.
15
Chevron holds a 47.3 percent-owned and operated interest in Gorgon on Barrow Island, which includes the development of the Gorgon and Jansz-Io fields, a three-train 15.6 million-metric-ton-per-year LNG facility, a carbon capture and underground storage facility and a domestic gas plant. Progress on the Jansz-Io Compression project continued during 2024 with first gas expected in 2028. Proved reserves have been recognized for this project. Gorgon’s estimated remaining economic life exceeds 40 years.
Chevron holds an 80.2 percent interest in the offshore licenses and a 64.1 percent-owned and operated interest in the LNG facilities associated with Wheatstone. Wheatstone includes the development of the Wheatstone and Iago fields, a two-train, 8.9 million-metric-ton-per-year LNG facility, and a domestic gas plant. The onshore facilities are located at Ashburton North on the coast of Western Australia. Wheatstone’s estimated remaining economic life exceeds 16 years.
Chevron has a 16.7 percent nonoperated working interest in the NWS Venture in Western Australia. In 2024, the company agreed to an asset swap of its 16.7 percent interest in the NWS Project, NWS Oil Project and its 20 percent interest in Angel Carbon Capture and Storage Project with Woodside’s 13 percent nonoperated interest in the Wheatstone Project and 65 percent operated interest in the Julimar-Brunello fields and related infrastructure, which is expected to close in 2026, subject to customary closing conditions and regulations.
The company continues to evaluate exploration and appraisal activity across the Carnarvon Basin, in which it holds more than 2.6 million net acres. In 2024, Chevron was awarded the WA-553-P exploration permit in the North Carnarvon Basin, which covers approximately 800,000 net acres. Chevron owns and operates the Clio, Acme and Acme West fields. The company is collaborating with other Carnarvon Basin participants to assess the possibility of developing Clio and Acme through shared utilization of existing