percent equity ownership interest in Tengizchevroil LLP (TCO).
Summarized financial information for
100
percent of TCO is presented in the following table:
Note 6.
Summarized Financial Data — Chevron U.S.A. Inc.
Chevron U.S.A. Inc. (CUSA) is a major subsidiary of Chevron Corporation. CUSA and its subsidiaries manage and operate most of Chevron’s U.S. businesses. Assets include those related to the exploration and production of crude oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas and those associated with refining, marketing, and supply and distribution of products derived from petroleum, excluding most of the regulated pipeline operations of Chevron. CUSA also holds the company’s investment in the Chevron Phillips Chemical LLC (CPChem) joint venture, which is accounted for using the equity method.
The summarized financial information for CUSA and its consolidated subsidiaries is as follows:
11
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
Note 7.
Operating Segments and Geographic Data
Although each subsidiary of Chevron is responsible for its own affairs, Chevron Corporation manages its investments in these subsidiaries and their affiliates. The investments are grouped into
two
business segments, Upstream and Downstream, representing the company’s “reportable segments” and “operating segments.”  Upstream operations consist primarily of exploring for, developing, producing and transporting crude oil and natural gas; liquefaction, transportation and regasification associated with LNG; transporting crude oil by major international oil export pipelines; processing, transporting, storage and marketing of natural gas; carbon capture and storage; and a gas-to-liquids plant. Downstream operations consist primarily of refining of crude oil into petroleum products; marketing of crude oil, refined products, and lubricants; manufacturing and marketing of renewable fuels; transporting of crude oil and refined products by pipeline, marine vessel, motor equipment and rail car; and manufacturing and marketing of commodity petrochemicals, plastics for industrial uses, and fuel and lubricant additives. “All Other” activities of the company include worldwide cash management and debt financing activities, corporate administrative functions, insurance operations, real estate activities, and technology activities.
The company’s segments are managed by “segment managers” who report to the “chief operating decision maker” (CODM), which is comprised of the company’s Executive Committee, as referenced
under “Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance” on page
32
of the company’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The segments represent components of the company that engage in activities from which revenues are earned and expenses are incurred. Each segment has discrete financial information available. The CODM regularly reviews the operating results of these segments to assess their performance and make decisions about resources