duration and sometimes are not limited. The company may be obligated to indemnify such parties for losses or claims suffered or incurred in connection with its service or other claims made against such parties.
Long-Term Unconditional Purchase Obligations and Commitments, Including Throughput and Take-or-Pay Agreements
The company and its subsidiaries have certain contingent liabilities with respect to long-term unconditional purchase obligations and commitments, including throughput and take-or-pay agreements, some of which may relate to suppliers’ financing arrangements. The agreements typically provide goods and services, such as pipeline and storage capacity, utilities, and petroleum products, to be used or sold in the ordinary course of the company’s business.
Environmental
The company is subject to loss contingencies pursuant to laws, regulations, private claims and legal proceedings related to environmental matters that are subject to legal settlements or that in the future may require the company to take action to correct or ameliorate the effects on the environment of prior release of chemicals or petroleum substances by the company or other parties. Such contingencies may exist for various operating, closed and divested sites, including, but not limited to, U.S. federal Superfund sites and analogous sites under state laws, refineries, chemical plants, marketing facilities, crude oil fields, and mining sites.
Although the company has provided for known environmental obligations that are probable and reasonably estimable, it is likely that the company will continue to incur additional liabilities. The amount of additional future costs are not fully determinable due to such factors as the unknown magnitude of possible contamination, the unknown timing and extent of the corrective actions that may be required, the determination of the company’s liability in proportion to other responsible parties, and the extent to which such costs are recoverable from third parties. These future costs may be material to results of operations in the period in which they are recognized, but the company does not expect these costs will have a material effect on its consolidated financial position or liquidity.
Decommissioning Obligations for Previously Divested Assets
Some assets are divested along with their related liabilities, such as decommissioning obligations. In certain instances, such transferred obligations have returned and may continue to return to the company. To the extent the current owners of the company’s previously divested assets default on their decommissioning obligations, regulators may require that Chevron assume such obligations. The nature and amount of the loss is disclosed when it is reasonably possible that the loss could be material. The company accrues a liability when management determines the obligation to be both probable and reasonably estimable. The company could have additional significant obligations revert, primarily in