value exceeds the fair value less cost to sell, the asset is considered impaired and adjusted to the lower value. Refer to
Note 9 Fair Value Measurements
relating to fair value measurements.
The fair value of a liability for an ARO is recorded as an asset and a liability when there is a legal obligation associated with the retirement of a long-lived asset and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Refer also to
Note 25 Asset Retirement Obligations
relating to AROs.
Depreciation and depletion of all capitalized costs of proved crude oil and natural gas producing properties, except mineral interests, are expensed using the unit-of-production method, generally by individual field, as the proved developed reserves are produced. Depletion expenses for capitalized costs of proved mineral interests are recognized using the unit-of-production method by individual field as the related proved reserves are produced. Impairments of capitalized costs of unproved mineral interests are expensed.
The capitalized costs of all other plant and equipment are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful lives. In general, the declining-balance method is used to depreciate plant and equipment in the United States; the straight-line method is generally used to depreciate international plant and equipment and to amortize finance lease right-of-use assets.
Gains or losses are not recognized for normal retirements of properties, plant and equipment subject to composite group amortization or depreciation. Gains or losses from abnormal retirements are recorded as expenses, and from sales as “Other income.”
Expenditures for maintenance (including those for planned major maintenance projects), repairs and minor renewals to maintain facilities in operating condition are generally expensed as incurred. Major replacements and renewals are capitalized.
Leases
Leases are classified as operating or finance leases. Both operating and finance leases recognize lease liabilities and associated right-of-use assets. The company has elected the short-term lease exception and therefore only recognizes right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases with a term greater than one year. The company has elected the practical expedient to not separate non-lease components from lease components for most asset classes except for certain asset classes that have significant non-lease (i.e., service) components.
Where leases are used in joint ventures, the company recognizes
100
percent of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities when the company is the sole signatory for the lease (in most cases, where the company is the operator of a joint venture). Lease costs reflect only the costs associated with the operator’s working interest share. The lease term includes the committed lease term identified in the contract, taking into account renewal and termination options that management is
70
reasonably certain to exercise. The company uses its incremental borrowing rate as a proxy for