time, Chevron believes that the future of energy is lower carbon. The company will continue to maintain flexibility in its portfolio to be responsive to changes in policy, technology, and customer and consumer preferences. Chevron aims to grow its oil and gas business, lower the carbon intensity of its operations and grow new businesses in renewable fuels, carbon capture and offsets, hydrogen, power generation for data centers, and emerging technologies. To grow its new businesses, Chevron plans to target sectors of the economy where emissions are harder to abate or that cannot be easily electrified, while leveraging the company’s capabilities, assets, partnerships and customer relationships. The company’s oil and gas business may increase or decrease depending upon market, economic, legislative and regulatory forces, among other factors.
In 2021, Chevron announced aspirations and targets that align with its strategy, as noted below. Chevron uses emissions intensity targets, which enable the company to assess, quantify and transparently communicate its own carbon performance in a standardized way. Chevron regularly evaluates its aspirations, targets and goals and expects to change or eliminate some of its aspirations, targets and goals for various reasons, including market conditions; its strategy or portfolio; and financial, operational, policy, reputational, legal and other factors.
The company’s ability to achieve any aspiration, target or goal is subject to numerous risks and contingencies, many of which are outside of Chevron’s control. Examples of such risks and contingencies include: (1) sufficient and substantial advances in technology, including the continuing progress of commercially viable technologies and low- or non-carbon-based energy sources; (2) laws, governmental regulation, policies, and other enabling actions, including those regarding subsidies, tax and other incentives as well as the granting of necessary permits by governing authorities; (3) the availability and acceptability of cost-effective, verifiable carbon credits; (4) the availability of suppliers that can meet our
36
sustainability-related standards; (5) evolving regulatory requirements, including changes to IPCC’s Global Warming Potentials and the U.S. EPA Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program, affecting ESG standards or disclosures; (6) evolving standards for tracking and reporting on emissions and emission reductions and removals; (7) customers’ and consumers’ preferences and use of the company’s products or substitute products; (8) actions taken by the company’s competitors in response to legislation and regulations; and (9) successful negotiations for carbon capture and storage and nature-based solutions with customers, suppliers, partners and governments. Please refer to “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A, on pages 23 through 27 for further discussion of GHG regulation and climate change and the associated risks to Chevron’s business, including the risks impacting