website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to
1
Incorporated in Delaware in 1926 as Standard Oil Company of California, the company adopted the name Chevron Corporation in 1984 and ChevronTexaco Corporation in 2001. In 2005, ChevronTexaco Corporation changed its name to Chevron Corporation. As used in this report, the term “Chevron” and such terms as “the company,” “the corporation,” “our,” “we,” “us” and "its" may refer to Chevron Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or all of them taken as a whole, but unless stated otherwise they do not include “affiliates” of Chevron — i.e., those companies accounted for by the equity method (generally owned 50 percent or less) or non-equity method investments. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of any of the separate companies, each of which manages its own affairs.
3
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge on the company’s website soon after such reports are filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The reports are also available on the SEC’s website at
www.sec.gov
.
Human Capital Management
The Chevron Way explains the company’s beliefs, vision, purpose and values. It guides how the company’s employees work and establishes a common understanding of culture and aspirations.
Chevron leadership is accountable for investing in the company’s people and culture with the objective of engaging employees to develop their full potential to help deliver energy solutions and enable human progress. This includes reviews of metrics addressing critical function hiring, leadership development, retention, diversity and inclusion, and employee engagement.
The following table summarizes the number of Chevron employees by sex, where data is available, and by region as of December 31, 2024.
* Includes employees where data was not collected or employee chose not to disclose.
Hiring, Development and Retention
The company’s approach to attracting, developing and retaining a global, diverse workforce of high-performing talent is anchored by an environment of personal growth and engagement. The company’s philosophy is to offer compelling career opportunities and a competitive total compensation and benefits package linked to individual and enterprise performance. The company recruits new employees in a variety of ways, including through partnerships with universities and diversity associations. In addition, the company recruits experienced hires to provide specialized skills.
Chevron’s learning and development programs are designed to help employees build technical, operating and leadership capabilities. The company’s leadership reviews metrics on employee training and development