and fuel and lubricant additives.
A list of the company’s significant subsidiaries is presented in
Exhibit 21.1
.
Overview of Petroleum Industry
Petroleum industry operations and profitability are influenced by many factors. Prices for crude oil, natural gas, liquefied natural gas (LNG), petroleum products and petrochemicals are generally determined by supply and demand. Production levels from the members of Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), Russia and the United States are the major factors in determining worldwide supply. Demand for crude oil and its products and for natural gas is largely driven by the conditions of local, national and global economies, although weather patterns, the pace of energy transition and taxation relative to other energy sources also play a significant part. Laws and governmental policies, particularly in the areas of taxation, energy and the environment, affect where and how companies invest, conduct their operations, select feedstocks, and formulate their products and, in some cases, limit their profits directly.
Strong competition exists in all sectors of the petroleum and petrochemical industries in supplying the energy, fuel and chemical needs of industry and individual consumers. In the upstream business, Chevron competes with fully integrated, major global petroleum companies, as well as independent and national petroleum companies, for the acquisition of crude oil and natural gas leases and other properties and for the equipment and labor required to develop and operate those properties. In its downstream business, Chevron competes with fully integrated, major petroleum companies, as well as independent refining and marketing, transportation and chemicals entities and national petroleum companies in the refining, manufacturing, sale and marketing of fuels, lubricants, additives and petrochemicals.
Operating Environment
Refer to
Business Environment and Outlook
of this Form 10-K in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the company’s current business environment and outlook.
Chevron’s Strategic Direction
Chevron’s strategy is to leverage our strengths to safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world. Our objective is to safely deliver higher returns, lower carbon and superior shareholder value in any business environment. We are leveraging our capabilities, assets and customer relationships as we aim to lead in lower carbon intensity oil, products and natural gas, as well as advance new products and solutions that reduce the carbon emissions of major industries. We aim to grow our oil and gas business, lower the carbon intensity of our operations and grow new businesses in renewable fuels, carbon capture and offsets, hydrogen, power generation for data centers, and emerging technologies.
Information about the company is available on the company’s website at
www.chevron.com
. Information contained on the company’s