infrastructure.
Chevron holds operated and nonoperated working interests ranging from 20 to 70 percent, in five greenhouse gas assessment permits to evaluate the potential of carbon dioxide storage. The blocks, including four in the Carnarvon Basin off the northwestern coast of Western Australia and one in the Bonaparte Basin offshore Northern Territory, total nearly 10.2 million gross acres. This acreage includes Block G-18-AP and Block G-20-AP, both awarded in 2024 and the Angel Carbon Capture and Storage Project, subject to the asset swap mentioned above.
United Kingdom
Acreage can be found in the
Acreage
table. Net oil equivalent production for the United Kingdom can be found in the
Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas
table.
Chevron holds a 19.4 percent nonoperated working interest in the Clair Field, located west of the Shetland Islands. The Clair Field currently consists of two platform drilling centers: the original Clair Phase 1 and a later added Clair Ridge center. The company is assessing a third drilling center to develop further resources in the area. The Clair Field has an estimated remaining production life extending beyond 2050.
Sales of Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas
The company sells NGLs and natural gas from its producing operations under a variety of contractual arrangements. In addition, the company also makes third-party purchases and sales of NGLs and natural gas in connection with its supply and trading activities.
U.S. and international sales of NGLs averaged 511,000 and 268,000 barrels per day, respectively, in 2024.
During 2024, U.S. and international sales of natural gas averaged 5.2 billion and 5.7 billion cubic feet per day, respectively, which includes the company’s share of equity affiliates’ sales. Outside the United States, substantially all of the natural gas sales from the company’s producing interests are from operations in Angola, Australia, Bangladesh, Canada, Equatorial Guinea, Kazakhstan, Israel, Nigeria and Thailand.
Refer to
Selected Operating Data
in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for further information on the company’s sales volumes of NGLs and natural gas. Refer also to
Delivery Commitments
for information related to the company’s delivery commitments for the sale of crude oil and natural gas.
16
Downstream
Refining Operations
At the end of 2024, the company had a refining network capable of processing 1.8 million barrels per day. Operable capacity at December 31, 2024, and daily refinery inputs for the company and affiliate refineries for 2022 through 2024, are summarized in the table below. Average crude unit distillation capacity utilization was 87.9 percent in 2024 and 89.8 percent in 2023.
At U.S. refineries, crude unit distillation capacity utilization, which includes all crude oil and other inputs, averaged 86.6 percent in 2024, compared with 90.8 percent in 2023. Chevron processes both imported and