(Q&M) fields will be the first to be developed, with first production expected in 2026
.
The Q&M development includes two wellhead platforms and an onshore gas treatment plant with connections to the Angola LNG plant. Proved reserves were recognized for this project in 2024.
Angola-Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) Joint Development Area
Chevron has a 31 percent interest in a production sharing agreement (PSA) with the Angola and DRC governments to explore Block 14/23 located in the Zone of Common Interest established between the Republic of Angola and DRC maritime area.
Angola-Republic of Congo (ROC) Joint Development Area
Chevron operates and holds a 15.5 percent interest in the Lianzi Unitization Zone (Lianzi), which is located in an area shared equally by Angola and the ROC. This interest expires in 2031. In January 2025, the company sold its interest in the ROC portion of Lianzi, while retaining the Angolan portion
.
Republic of Congo
In January 2025, the company sold its 31.5 percent nonoperated interest in the offshore Haute Mer permit area.
Cameroon
Chevron has a 100 percent interest in the YoYo Block in the Douala Basin. Preliminary development plans include a possible joint development between YoYo and the Yolanda fields located in Equatorial Guinea Block I.
Egypt
Chevron has interests in Egypt blocks in both the Mediterranean and Red Sea. In the Mediterranean Sea, Chevron holds a
63
percent-owned and operated interest in North El Dabaa (Block 4), a 45 percent-owned and operated interest in the Nargis Block and a 27 percent non-operated working interest in North Cleopatra (Block 7). In 2024, Chevron relinquished its 63 percent-owned and operated interest in North Sidi Barrani (Block 2) and its 27 percent nonoperated interest in North Marina (Block 6).
In the Red Sea, the company holds a 45 percent-owned and operated interest in Block 1.
Equatorial Guinea
Chevron has a 38 percent-owned and operated interest in the Aseng Field and the Yolanda Field in Block I and a 45 percent-owned and operated interest in the Alen Field in Block O. The Yolanda field is a discovered natural gas field that straddles the Equatorial Guinea and Cameroon maritime border, for which development options are being reviewed with both governments.
The company also holds a 32 percent nonoperated interest in the Alba natural gas and condensate field.
Chevron holds interests in two processing facilities located in Punta Europa. These include a 28 percent nonoperated interest in the Alba LPG Plant and a 45 percent nonoperated interest in the Atlantic Methanol Production Company.
In 2024, Chevron added two exploration acreage positions for Blocks EG-06 and EG-11, offshore Bioko Island.
Namibia
Chevron has an 80 percent-owned and operated interest in Petroleum Exploration License (PEL) 90 (Block 2813B) in the Orange Basin, offshore Namibia. In early 2025, Chevron acquired an 80 percent-owned and operated interest in PEL82 (Blocks 2112B and 2212A) in the Walvis Basin.