prices are subject to external factors over which the company has no control, including product demand connected with global economic conditions, industry production and inventory levels, technology advancements, production quotas or other actions imposed by OPEC+ countries, actions of regulators, weather-related damage and disruptions, competing fuel prices, natural and human causes beyond the company’s control, and regional supply interruptions or fears thereof that may be caused by military conflicts, civil unrest or political uncertainty. Any of these factors could also inhibit the company’s production capacity in an affected region. The company closely monitors developments in the countries in which it operates and holds investments and seeks to manage risks in operating its facilities and businesses.
The longer-term trend in earnings for the upstream segment is also a function of other factors, including the company’s ability to efficiently find, acquire and produce crude oil, natural gas and NGLs, changes in fiscal terms of contracts, the pace of energy transition, and changes in tax, environmental and other applicable laws and regulations.
The Wellhead Pressure Management Project (WPMP) at Tengizchevroil LLP (TCO) was fully operational at year-end 2024. In January 2025, TCO started oil production at its Future Growth Project (FGP) and by the end of first quarter, FGP had ramped up to its nameplate capacity. These project start-ups are expected to increase free cash flow for the company, but TCO’s net income will be negatively impacted due to higher depreciation, depletion and amortization.
Chevron has interests in Venezuelan assets operated by independent affiliates. Chevron has been conducting limited activities in Venezuela consistent with the authorization provided pursuant to licenses issued by the
28
Table of Contents
United States government. The financial results for Chevron’s business in Venezuela have been recorded as non-equity investments since 2020, where income is only recognized when cash is received, and production and reserves are not included in the company’s results. Crude oil liftings in Venezuela started in first quarter 2023, which have positively impacted the company’s results. In 2024, Venezuela contributed less than 3 percent of the company’s cash flow from operations. On March 4, 2025, Chevron received General License 41A requiring a wind-down of Chevron’s activities in Venezuela by April 3, 2025. This General License was subsequently superseded by General License 41B that extended the wind-down period to May 27, 2025. The company is winding down its activities in accordance with revised authorities provided by the U.S. government and resulting direction from the Venezuela government. Consistent with this, crude oil liftings by Chevron to the U.S. have recently been halted. The wind-down of activities, while uncertain, will have a negative impact on the company’s future results of operations.
Chevron maintains an