impacts these tariffs could have on the company and its suppliers and the company’s future results of operations.
27
Table of Contents
Acquisition and Disposition of Assets
The company continually evaluates opportunities to dispose of assets that are not expected to provide sufficient long-term value and to acquire assets or operations complementary to its asset base to help augment the company’s financial performance and value growth. The company is targeting $10-15 billion of asset sales over the five-year period ending in 2028. Asset dispositions and restructurings may result in significant gains or losses in future periods. In addition, some assets are sold along with their related liabilities, such as abandonment and decommissioning obligations. In certain instances, such transferred obligations have reverted, and may in the future revert, to the company and result in losses that could be significant. The company has recognized losses and could have additional significant obligations revert, primarily in the United States, but is not currently aware of any such obligations that are reasonably possible to be material. Refer to
Note 12 Other Contingencies and Commi
tments
for additional information.
In October 2023, the company announced that it had entered into a definitive merger agreement with Hess Corporation (Hess). Refer to
Note 18 Agreement to Acquire Hess Corporation
for additional information.
Between January and March 2025, the company purchased 15,380,000 shares of Hess common stock at prevailing market prices in open market transactions. The number of shares purchased represents approximately 4.99 percent of the shares of Hess common stock outstanding as of January 31, 2025, as reported by Hess in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. These purchases reflect Chevron’s continuing confidence in the consummation of the pending acquisition of Hess.
Other Impacts
The company closely monitors developments in the financial and credit markets, the level of worldwide economic activity, and the implications for the company of movements in commodity prices and downstream margins. Management takes these developments into account in the conduct of daily operations and for business planning.
The company has announced plans to achieve $2-3 billion in structural cost reductions by the end of 2026. These cost savings will largely come from optimizing the portfolio, leveraging technology to enhance productivity, and changing how and where work is performed, including expanded use of global capability centers. In relation to these efforts, the Company recognized a restructuring charge in fourth quarter 2024, and expects additional charges in future periods, which could be significant.
Comments related to earnings trends for the company’s major business areas are as follows:
Upstream
Earnings for the upstream segment are closely aligned with industry prices for crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids (NGLs). These