the status of proved reserves recognition for significant long lead time projects not on production as well as for projects recently placed on production. Reserves are not discussed for exploration activities or recent discoveries that have not advanced to a project stage, or for mature areas of production that do not have individual projects requiring significant levels of capital or exploratory investment. Projected start-up timing for nonoperated projects are per operator’s estimate.
United States
Upstream activities in the United States are primarily located in Texas, New Mexico, Colorado, California and the Gulf of America. Acreage for the United States can be found in the
Acreage
table. Net daily oil-equivalent production in the United States can be found in the
Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas
table.
As one of the largest producers in the Permian Basin, Chevron continues to develop its advantaged portfolio of 1,780,000 net acres in the Delaware and Midland basins in west Texas and southeast New Mexico and is expected to achieve one million barrels of net oil-equivalent production per day in 2025. The asset is comprised of stacked formations enabling production from multiple geologic zones from single surface locations, staging the development for optimized capacity utilization of facilities and infrastructure. The company has implemented a factory development strategy utilizing multi-well pads to drill a series of horizontal wells that are subsequently completed using hydraulic fracture stimulation. This manufacturing-style process, combined with advantaged acreage holdings and technological advancements, have enabled productivity improvements across unique geological locations throughout the basin. Acreage transactions enabling longer laterals and the company’s diversified land assets via non-operated joint ventures and royalty positions have also contributed to higher returns. The company continued to progress water handling initiatives and ongoing emission reductions, including the partial or full electrification of drilling and hydraulic fracturing fleets, and the expansion of electricity sources with two new solar projects reaching final investment decision in 2024. Chevron’s 2024 net daily production in the Permian Basin averaged 405,000 barrels of crude oil, 251,000 barrels of NGLs and 1.6 billion cubic feet of natural gas.
Chevron also holds approximately 72,000 net acres in the Haynesville Shale in east Texas. The company continues to pursue strategic opportunities for these assets.
Chevron is the largest oil and natural gas producer in Colorado, where development is focused across approximately 580,000 net acres in the Denver-Julesburg (DJ) Basin. Chevron follows a factory development strategy utilizing multi-well pads to drill a series of horizontal wells that are subsequently completed using hydraulic fracture stimulation. It has also implemented facility design and electrification improvements