company’s newest partnership with California Bioenergy LLC, which includes seven new anaerobic digestion dairy farm projects.
Chevron markets RNG through its nationwide network of 66 compressed natural gas (CNG) stations under the Chevron and Beyond6 brands. In 2024, Chevron opened six CNG stations across California, Florida, Georgia and Texas.
Marketing Operations
The company markets petroleum products under the principal brands of “Chevron,” “Texaco” and “Caltex” throughout many parts of the world. The following table identifies the company’s and its affiliates’ refined products sales volumes, excluding intercompany sales, for the three years ended December 31, 2024.
In the United States, the company markets primarily under the principal brands of “Chevron” and “Texaco.” At year-end 2024, the company supplied directly or through retailers and marketers approximately 8,500 Chevron- and Texaco-branded service stations, primarily in the southern and western states. Approximately 370 of these outlets are company-owned or -leased stations.
Outside the United States, Chevron supplied directly or through retailers and marketers approximately 5,200 branded service stations, including affiliates. The company markets using the Chevron and Texaco brands in Latin America and the Caltex brand in the Asia-Pacific region. In South Korea, the company operates through its 50 percent-owned affiliate, GSC. The rebranding project to transition service stations in Australia from Puma to the Caltex brand is expected to complete in 2025.
Chevron markets commercial aviation fuel to 64 airports worldwide. The company markets base oil globally under the Chevron and Nexbase brands and markets lubricant and coolant products under the Chevr
on, Texaco and Caltex brands.
Chemicals Operations
Chevron Oronite Company develops, manufactures and markets performance additives for lubricating oils and fuels and conducts research and development for additive component and blended packages. At the end of 2024, the company manufactured, blended or conducted research at 11 locations around the world.
Chevron owns a 50 percent interest in Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC (CPChem). CPChem produces olefins, polyolefins and alpha olefins and is a supplier of aromatics and polyethylene pipe, in addition to participating in the
18
specialty chemical and specialty plastics markets. At the end of 2024, CPChem owned or had joint-venture interests in 30 manufacturing facilities and two research and development centers around the world.
CPChem has two major integrated polymer projects under construction, the Golden Triangle Polymers Project in Orange, Texas, for which CPChem holds a 51 percent-owned and operated interest and the Ras Laffan Petrochemical Project in Ras Laffan, Qatar, for which CPChem holds a 30 percent nonoperated working interest. Start-up for both projects is targeted for 2026. CPChem is expected to complete the Low Viscosity Poly Alpha Olefin Expansion Project at the