The following table summarizes the fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed:
Pro forma financial information is not disclosed as the acquisition was deemed not to have a material impact on the company’s results of operations.
Note 30
Agreement to Acquire Hess Corporation
On October 23, 2023, Chevron Corporation announced it had entered into a definitive agreement with Hess Corporation (Hess) to acquire all of its outstanding shares in an all-stock transaction, valued at approximately $
53,000
, pursuant to which Hess stockholders will receive
1.0250
shares of Chevron common stock for each Hess share. The transaction was unanimously approved by the Boards of Directors of both companies.
On May 28, 2024, a majority of Hess stockholders voted to approve the merger. Following the Federal Trade Commission’s (FTC) review of the transaction, on September 30, 2024, the FTC announced that a majority of the Commission voted to accept a consent agreement among the FTC, Chevron and Hess, resolving the concerns the FTC identified during its review of the transaction. Chevron and Hess have taken and will continue to take appropriate steps to maintain our ability to close the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act of 1976, as amended. The filing of an arbitration relating to the right of first refusal contained in the Stabroek Block operating agreement among Hess Guyana Exploration Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Hess, and affiliates of Exxon Mobil Corporation, and China National Offshore Oil Corporation has delayed completion of the transaction. An arbitration decision against Hess Guyana and in favor of Exxon Guyana and CNOOC Guyana would cause the transaction not to be completed. The arbitration merits hearing has been scheduled for May 2025, with a decision expected in approximately the following three months.
Chevron and Hess are working to complete the merger as soon as practicable. However, neither Chevron nor Hess can predict the actual date on which the transaction will be completed, if at all, because it is subject to conditions beyond each company’s control. See
Item 1A. Risk Factors
for a discussion of risks related to the Hess acquisition.
103
In accordance with FASB and SEC disclosure requirements for oil and gas producing activities, this section provides supplemental information on oil and gas exploration and producing activities of the company in seven separate tables. Tables I through IV provide historical cost information pertaining to costs incurred in exploration, property acquisitions and development, capitalized costs and results of operations. Tables V through VII present information on the company’s estimated net proved reserve quantities, standardized measure of estimated discounted future net cash flows related to
Table I - Costs Incurred in Exploration, Property Acquisitions and Development
1
104
proved reserves,
and changes in estimated discounted future net cash flows. The amounts for consolidated