development and execution. These factors may include the complex nature of the development project in adverse and remote locations, physical limitations of infrastructure or plant capacities that dictate project timing, compression projects that are pending reservoir pressure declines, and contractual limitations that dictate production levels.
At year-end 2024, the company held approximately 624 million BOE of proved undeveloped reserves that have remained undeveloped for five years or more. The majority of these reserves are in locations where the company has a proven track record of developing major projects. In Australia, approximately 223 million BOE remain undeveloped for five years or more related to the Gorgon and Wheatstone Projects. Further field development to convert the remaining proved undeveloped reserves is scheduled to occur in line with operating constraints, reservoir depletion and infrastructure optimization. In Africa, approximately 138 million BOE have remained undeveloped for five years or more, due to facility constraints at various fields and infrastructure associated with the Escravos gas projects in Nigeria. Affiliates account for about 237 million BOE of proved undeveloped reserves with about 197 million BOE that have remained undeveloped for five years or more related to TCO. At TCO, further field development to convert the remaining proved undeveloped reserves is scheduled to occur in line with reservoir depletion and facility constraints.
Annually, the company assesses whether any changes have occurred in facts or circumstances, such as changes to development plans, regulations, or government policies, that would warrant a revision to reserve estimates. In 2024, lower natural gas prices in North America were primarily responsible for the negative impact to the economic limits of oil and gas properties, resulting in a proved reserve decrease of approximately 58 million BOE. The year-end reserves quantities have been updated for these circumstances and significant changes are discussed in the appropriate reserves sections herein. Over the past three years, the ratio of proved undeveloped reserves to total proved reserves has ranged between 28 percent and 35 percent.
110
Proved Reserve Quantities
For the three-year period ended December 31, 2024, the pattern of net reserve changes shown in the following tables is not necessarily indicative of future trends. Apart from acquisitions, the company’s ability to add proved reserves can be affected by events and circumstances that are outside the company’s control, such as delays in government permitting, partner approvals of development plans, changes in oil and gas prices, OPEC constraints, geopolitical uncertainties, civil unrest, events of war or military conflicts.
At December 31, 2024, proved reserves for the company were 9.8 billion BOE. The company’s estimated net proved reserves of liquids, including crude oil, condensate and synthetic oil for the years 2022, 2023