mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability and/or disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, standards, processes and systems, behaviors and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. In certain situations where Chevron is not the operator, the company may have limited influence and control over third parties, which may limit its ability to manage and control such risks.
The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure
The company does not have commercial insurance or third-party indemnities to fully cover all operational risks or potential liability in the event of a significant incident or series of incidents causing catastrophic loss. As a result, the company is, to a substantial extent, self-insured for such events. The company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from such an event or series of events. The occurrence of a significant incident, series of events, or unforeseen liability for which the company is self-insured, not fully insured or for which insurance recovery is significantly delayed could have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations or financial condition.
Chevron may not complete the acquisition of Hess Corporation within the time frame the company anticipates or at all, which could have adverse effects on Chevron
The completion of the acquisition of Hess Corporation (Hess) is subject to a number of conditions, including approval of any Guyanese governmental body, agency or authority that asserts its approval is required in connection with the transaction, which makes the completion and timing of the completion of the merger uncertain.
Hess Guyana Exploration Limited (HGEL), a wholly owned subsidiary of Hess, is currently in arbitration with respect to the right of first refusal (Stabroek ROFR) contained in an operating agreement among HGEL, affiliates of Exxon Mobil Corporation (Exxon), and China National Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC) regarding the Stabroek Block offshore Guyana. The arbitration merits hearing about the applicability of the Stabroek ROFR to the merger has been scheduled for May 2025, with a decision expected in approximately the following three months. If the arbitration does not result in a confirmation that the Stabroek ROFR is inapplicable to the merger, and if Chevron, Hess, Exxon and/or CNOOC do not otherwise agree upon an acceptable resolution, then there would be a failure of a closing condition under the merger agreement, in which case the merger would not close.
On December 7, 2023, Chevron and Hess each received a request for additional