Venezuela.
The company’s objective is to safely deliver higher returns, lower carbon and superior shareholder value in any business environment. Earnings of the company depend mostly on the profitability of its upstream business segment. The most significant factor affecting the results of operations for the upstream segment is the price of crude oil, which is determined in global markets outside of the company’s control. In the company’s downstream business, crude oil is the largest cost component of refined products. Periods of sustained lower commodity prices could result in the impairment or write-off of specific assets in future periods and cause the company to adjust operating expenses, including employee reductions, and capital expenditures, along with other measures intended to improve financial performance.
Some governments, companies, communities and other stakeholders are supporting efforts to address climate change. International initiatives and national, regional and state legislation and regulations that aim to directly or indirectly reduce GHG emissions are in various stages of design, adoption and implementation. These policies and programs, some of which support the global net zero emissions ambitions of the Paris Agreement, can change the amount of energy consumed, the rate of energy-demand growth, the energy mix and the relative economics of one fuel versus another. Implementation of jurisdiction-specific policies and programs can be dependent on, and can affect the pace of, technological advancements; the granting of necessary permits by governing authorities; the availability and acceptability of cost-effective, verifiable carbon credits; the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability-related standards; evolving regulatory or other requirements affecting ESG standards or disclosures and evolving standards and regulations for tracking, reporting, marketing and advertising relating to emissions and emission reductions and removals.
Some of these policies and programs include renewable and low carbon fuel standards, such as the Renewable Fuel Standard program in the U.S. and California’s Low Carbon Fuel Standard; programs that price GHG emissions, including
35
California’s Cap-and-Trade Program; performance standards, including methane-specific regulations such as the United States Environmental Protection Agency (U.S. EPA) Standards of Performance for New, Reconstructed, and Modified Sources and Emissions Guidelines for Existing Sources; and measures that provide various incentives for lower carbon activities, including carbon capture and storage and the production of hydrogen and sustainable aviation fuel, such as the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act. Requirements for these and other similar policies and programs are complex, ever changing, program specific and encompass: (1) the blending of renewable fuels into transportation fuels; (2) the purchasing, selling, utilizing and retiring of allowances and carbon