relative economics of one fuel versus another. Implementation of jurisdiction-specific policies and programs can be dependent on, and can affect the pace of, technological advancements; the granting of necessary permits by governing authorities; the availability and acceptability of cost-effective, verifiable carbon credits; the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability-related standards; evolving regulatory or other requirements affecting ESG standards or disclosures and evolving standards and regulations for tracking, reporting, marketing and advertising relating to emissions and emissions reductions and removals.
Significant uncertainty remains as to the pace and extent to which the transition to a lower carbon future will progress, which is dependent, in part, on further advancements and changes in policy, technology, and customer and consumer preferences. The level of expenditure required to comply with new or potential climate change-related laws and regulations and the amount of additional investments needed in new or existing technology or facilities, such as carbon capture and storage, is difficult to predict with certainty and is expected to vary depending on the actual laws and regulations enacted, available technology options, customer and consumer preferences, the company’s activities and market conditions. Although the future is uncertain, many published outlooks conclude that fossil fuels will remain a significant part of an energy system that increasingly incorporates lower carbon sources of supply for many years to come.
Chevron supports the Paris Agreement’s global approach to governments addressing climate change and continues to take actions to help lower the carbon intensity of its operations while continuing to meet the demand for energy. Chevron believes that broad, market-based mechanisms are the most efficient approach to addressing GHG emissions reductions. Chevron integrates climate change-related issues and the regulatory and other responses to these issues into its strategy and planning, capital investment reviews and risk management tools and processes, where it believes they are applicable. They are also factored into the company’s long-range supply, demand and energy price forecasts. These forecasts reflect estimates of long-range effects from climate change-related policy actions, such as electric vehicle and renewable fuel penetration, energy efficiency standards and demand response to oil and natural gas prices.
The company will continue to develop oil and gas resources to meet customers’ and consumers’ demand for energy. At the same time, Chevron believes that the future of energy is lower carbon. The company will continue to maintain flexibility in its portfolio to be responsive to changes in policy, technology, and customer and consumer preferences. Chevron aims to grow its oil and gas business, lower the carbon intensity of its operations and grow new businesses in renewable fuels, carbon