range of supply, demand and regulatory circumstances. The company’s long-term contract prices for LNG are typically linked to crude oil prices. Most of the equity LNG offtake from the operated Australian LNG assets is committed under binding long-term contracts, with some sold in the Asian spot LNG market.
Production
The company’s worldwide net oil-equivalent production in the first three months of 2025 averaged 3.35 million barrels per day, relatively flat from a year ago as the impacts of asset sales were mostly offset by growth at TCO, in the Permian Basin, and in the Gulf of America. About 23 percent of the company’s net oil-equivalent production in the first three months of 2025 occurred in the OPEC+ member countries of Equatorial Guinea, Kazakhstan, Nigeria, and the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.
Refer to the “Results of Operations” section on page 32 for additional discussion of the company’s upstream business.
Downstream
Earnings for the downstream segment are closely tied to margins on the refining, manufacturing and marketing of products that include gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, lubricants, fuel oil, fuel and lubricant additives, petrochemicals and renewable fuels. Industry margins are sometimes volatile and can be affected by the global and regional supply-and-demand balance for refined products and petrochemicals, and by changes in the price of crude oil, other refinery and petrochemical feedstocks, and natural gas. Industry margins can also be influenced by inventory levels, geopolitical events, costs of materials and services, refinery or chemical plant capacity utilization, maintenance programs, and disruptions at refineries or chemical plants resulting from unplanned outages due to severe weather, fires or other operational events.
Other factors affecting profitability for downstream operations include the reliability and efficiency of the company’s refining, marketing and petrochemical assets, the effectiveness of its crude oil and product supply functions, and the volatility of tanker-charter rates for the company’s shipping operations, which are driven by the industry’s demand for crude oil and product tankers. Other factors beyond the company’s control include the general level of inflation and energy costs to operate the company’s refining, marketing and petrochemical assets, and changes in tax, environmental, and other applicable laws and regulations.
The company’s most significant marketing areas are the West Coast and Gulf Coast of the United States and Asia Pacific. Chevron operates or has significant ownership interests in refineries in each of these areas.
30
Table of Contents
Refer to the “Results of Operations” section beginning on page 33 for additional discussion of the company’s downstream operations.
All Other
consists of worldwide cash management and debt financing activities, corporate administrative functions, insurance operations, real estate activities, and technology companies.
Refer to