fair value of the asset retirement obligation.
The company records decommissioning obligations for previously divested assets when it is probable that the decommissioning obligations would revert to the Company and costs can be reasonably estimated. At the end of 2024, the liability balance was $2.5 billion. Refer to
Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments
for additional discussion of decommissioning obligations for previously divested assets.
Refer to the discussion below for additional information on environmental matters and their impact on Chevron, and on the company’s 2024 environmental expenditures. Refer to
Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments
for additional discussion of environmental remediation provisions. Refer also to
Note 25 Asset Retirement Obligations
for additional discussion of the company’s asset retirement obligations.
Suspended Wells
Information related to suspended wells is included in
Note 21 Accounting for Suspended Exploratory Wells
.
Income Taxes
Information related to income tax contingencies is included in
Note 17 Taxes
and in
Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments
under the heading “Income Taxes.”
Other Contingencies
Information related to other contingencies is included in
Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments
under the heading “Other Contingencies.”
Environmental Matters
The company is subject to various international and U.S. federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and market-based programs. These laws, regulations and programs continue to evolve and are expected to increase in both number and complexity over time and govern not only the manner in which the company conducts its operations, but also the products it sells. Consideration of environmental issues and the responses to those issues through international agreements and national, regional or state legislation or regulations are integrated into the company’s strategy and planning, capital investment reviews and risk management tools and processes, where applicable. They are also factored into the company’s long-range supply, demand and energy price forecasts. These forecasts reflect long-range effects from electric vehicle and renewable fuel penetration, energy efficiency standards, climate-related policy actions, and demand response to oil and natural gas prices. In addition, legislation and regulations intended to address hydraulic fracturing also continue to evolve in many jurisdictions where we operate. Refer to
Item 1A. Risk Factors
for a discussion of some of the inherent risks of increasingly restrictive environmental and other regulation that could materially impact the company’s results of operations or financial condition. Refer to
Business Environment and Outlook
on pages 35 through 37 for a discussion of legislative and regulatory efforts to address climate change.
Most of the costs of complying with existing laws and regulations pertaining to company operations and products are embedded in