Taxes.”
58
Refer also to the business segment discussions elsewhere in this section for the effect on earnings from losses associated with certain litigation, environmental remediation and tax matters for the three years ended December 31, 2024.
An estimate as to the sensitivity to earnings for these periods if other assumptions had been used in recording these liabilities is not practicable because of the number of contingencies that must be assessed, the number of underlying assumptions and the wide range of reasonably possible outcomes, both in terms of the probability of loss and the estimates of such loss. For further information, refer to “Changes in management’s estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company’s consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance in any given period” in
Item 1A. Risk Factors
, on page 27.
New Accounting Standards
Refer to
Note 4 New Accounting Standards
for information regarding new accounting standards.
59
Quarterly Results
Unaudited
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
Note 1
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
General
The company’s Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These require the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses reported in the financial statements, as well as amounts included in the notes thereto, including discussion and disclosure of contingent liabilities. Although the company uses its best estimates and judgments, actual results could differ from these estimates as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. Prior years’ data have been reclassified in certain cases to conform to the 2024 presentation basis.
Subsidiary and Affiliated Companies
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of controlled subsidiary companies more than 50 percent-owned and any variable interest entities in which the company is the primary beneficiary. Undivided interests in oil and gas joint ventures and certain other assets are consolidated on a proportionate basis. Investments in and advances to affiliates in which the company has a substantial ownership interest of approximately 20 percent to 50 percent, or for which the company exercises significant influence but not control over policy decisions, are accounted for by the equity method.
Investments in affiliates are assessed for possible impairment when events indicate that the fair value of the investment may be below the company’s carrying value. When such a condition is deemed to be other than temporary, the carrying value of the investment is written down to its fair value, and the amount of the write-down is included in net income. In making the determination as to whether a decline is other than temporary, the company considers such factors as the duration and extent of the decline, the investee’s financial performance, and