technology companies.
41
Noteworthy Developments
Key noteworthy developments and other events during 2024 and early 2025 included the following:
Angola
Added frontier exploration acreage positions in the deepwater lower Congo Basin.
Angola
Achieved first gas on the Sanha Lean Gas Connection project, securing incremental natural gas supply to the Angola Liquefied Natural Gas facility.
Australia
Announced asset exchange of North West Shelf Assets for Wheatstone Assets and Julimar/Brunello fields.
Australia
Received two offshore greenhouse gas assessment permits, covering an area of approximately 10,700 km
2
, to assess future carbon dioxide storage.
Brazil
Secured 15 exploration blocks in the South Santos and Pelotas Basins
.
Canada
Sold the company’s interest in the Athabasca Oil Sands Project and Duvernay shale for $6.5 billion.
Equatorial Guinea
Signed agreements to acquire two exploration blocks offshore Bioko Island.
Israel
Reached final investment decision to add midstream infrastructure that is expected to increase production capacity at the Tamar gas field in Israel to 1.6 billion cubic feet per day.
Kazakhstan
Completed the Wellhead Pressure Management Project and, in January 2025, started production at the Future Growth Project, which is expected to ramp up total output to around one million barrels of oil equivalent per day at the company’s 50 percent-owned affiliate, Tengizchevroil LLP in Kazakhstan.
Myanmar
Withdrew from Chevron’s nonoperated working interests effective April 1, 2024.
Namibia
Signed agreements to acquire 80 percent working interest in Petroleum Exploration License 82 in the Walvis Basin.
Nigeria
Extended the Meji field offshore Nigeria with a near-field discovery and renewed the Agbami deep-water concession through 2044.
Republic of Congo
Sold the company’s 31.5 percent nonoperated working interest in the offshore Haute Mer permit area and its 15.75 percent interest in the Republic of Congo portion of Lianzi in January 2025.
United States
Reached final investment decision to build an oilseed processing plant in Louisiana through the company’s joint venture Bunge Chevron Ag Renewables LLC.
United States
Drilled onshore and offshore stratigraphic wells to delineate carbon dioxide storage potential through the company’s joint venture Bayou Bend CCS LLC.
United States
Launched a $500 million Future Energy Fund III focused on venture investments in technology-based solutions that have the potential to enable affordable, reliable and lower carbon energy.
United States
Progressed the company’s pending merger with Hess Corporation by securing Hess stockholder approval and clearing Federal Trade Commission antitrust review.
United States
Started production at the industry-first 20,000 pounds per square inch deepwater Anchor project, began water injection to boost production from the St. Malo and Tahiti fields, and in January 2025 started production from the Whale semi-submersible platform in the Gulf of America.
United States