believes the concentration of credit risk is limited. The company routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers. When the financial strength of a customer is not considered sufficient, alternative risk mitigation measures may be deployed, including requiring prepayments, letters of credit or other acceptable forms of collateral. Once credit is extended and a receivable balance exists, the company applies a quantitative calculation to current trade receivable balances that reflects credit risk predictive analysis, including probability of default and loss given default, which takes into consideration current and forward-looking market data as well as the company’s historical loss data. This statistical approach becomes the basis of the company’s expected credit loss allowance for current trade receivables with payment terms that are typically short-term in nature, with most due in less than 90 days.
Chevron’s non-trade receivable balance was $
3,835
at December 31, 2024, which includes receivables from certain governments in their capacity as joint venture partners. Joint venture partner balances that are paid as per contract terms or not yet due are subject to the statistical analysis described above while past due balances are subject to additional qualitative management quarterly review. This management review includes review of reasonable and supportable repayment forecasts. Non-trade receivables also include employee and tax receivables that are deemed immaterial and low risk. Loans to equity affiliates and non-equity investees are also considered non-trade and associated allowances of
zero
and $
219
at December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, are included within “Investments and advances” on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
102
Note 29
Acquisition of PDC Energy, Inc.
On August 7, 2023, the company acquired PDC Energy, Inc. (PDC), an independent exploration and production company with operations in the Denver-Julesburg Basin in Colorado and the Delaware Basin in west Texas.
The aggregate purchase price of PDC was $
6,520
, with approximately
41
million shares of Chevron common stock issued as consideration in the transaction. The shares represented approximately
two
percent of the shares of Chevron common stock outstanding immediately after the transaction closed on August 7, 2023.
The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under ASC 805, which requires assets acquired and liabilities assumed to be measured at their acquisition date fair value. Oil and gas properties were valued using a discounted cash flow approach that incorporated internally generated price assumptions and production profiles together with appropriate operating cost and development cost assumptions. Debt assumed in the acquisition was valued based on observable market prices for PDC’s debt. As a result of measuring the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at fair value, there was no goodwill or bargain purchase recognized.