company conducts business through, without limitation, malicious software; data breaches by employees, insiders or others with authorized access; cyber or phishing-attacks; ransomware; attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and systems; and other electronic security breaches. The cyber risk landscape changes over time due to a variety of internal and external factors,
21
including during organizational changes, relocating work to international geographies, or other corporate transactions; political tensions; war or other military conflicts; or civil unrest. Although Chevron devotes significant resources to prevent unwanted intrusions and to protect its systems and data, whether such data is housed internally or by external third parties, the company has experienced and will continue to experience cyber incidents of varying degrees in the conduct of its business. Cyber threat actors could compromise the company’s operational technology networks or other critical systems and infrastructure, resulting in disruptions to its business operations, injury to people, harm to the environment or its assets, disruptions in access to its financial reporting systems, or loss, misuse or corruption of its critical data and proprietary information, including without limitation its intellectual property and business information and that of its employees, customers, partners and other third parties. Any of the foregoing can be exacerbated by a delay or failure to detect a cyber incident or the full extent of such incident. Further, the company is increasingly experiencing cyber incidents related to its third-party vendors. Some third-party vendors house the company’s critical data and proprietary information on their IT systems, including the cloud; others have access to Chevron’s IT systems or provide software through which threat actors could gain access or introduce malware to Chevron’s IT systems. Our use of third-party software, services and support may also result in unintentional, non-malicious events or outages that affect our ability to operate critical business systems. Regardless of the precise method or form, events affecting our networks or digital infrastructure could result in significant financial losses, legal or regulatory violations, reputational harm, and legal liability and could ultimately have a material adverse effect on the company’s business and results of operations.
The company’s operations have inherent risks and hazards that require significant and continuous oversight
Chevron’s results depend on its ability to identify and mitigate the risks and hazards inherent to operating in the energy industry. The company seeks to minimize these operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair our ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions or