period may not be indicative of expected results in future periods. Additional information related to the company’s effective income tax rate is included in
Note 10 Income Taxes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) issued model rules for a new 15 percent global minimum tax (Pillar Two), and various jurisdictions in which the company operates enacted or are in the process of enacting Pillar Two legislation. Certain aspects of the tax under the Pillar Two framework were effective in 2024 in some jurisdictions and in 2025 (or later) in others. Although we do not currently expect that Pillar Two will have a material impact on our results of operations, we are continuing to evaluate the impact of legislative adoption by individual countries.
Supply Chain and Inflation Impacts
The company is actively managing its contracting, procurement and supply chain activities to effectively manage costs and facilitate supply chain resiliency and continuity in support of the company’s operational goals. Third party costs for capital and operating expenses can be subject to external factors beyond the company’s control including, but not limited to: severe weather or civil unrest, delays in construction, global and local supply chain distribution issues, inflation, tariffs or other taxes imposed on goods or services, and market-based prices charged by the industry’s material and service providers. Chevron utilizes contracts with various pricing mechanisms, which may result in a lag before the company’s costs reflect changes in market trends.
Trends in the costs of goods and services vary by spend category. Chevron has applied inflation mitigation strategies to temper labor market cost increases, including fixed price and index-based contracts. Lead times for key capital equipment remain long due to strong demand levels. Chevron has addressed equipment cost increases and long lead times by partnering with suppliers on demand planning, volume commitments, standardization, and scope optimization. The offshore market remains competitive for vessels and subsea equipment. In the United States, cost pressures for materials and standard onshore drilling and completion equipment continue to ease.
The U.S. announced the imposition of tariffs on imports from our trade partners and could modify or announce additional tariffs in future periods. Only a minor portion of the company’s total third-party spend is exposed to tariffs, and the financial impact is currently not expected to be material. The company is leveraging strategic partnerships with key suppliers to mitigate the impact of these tariffs. For example, the company has increased its procurement of domestically produced pipe, with capacity to increase it further. However, there is significant uncertainty as to the duration and magnitude of these and any future tariffs that may be imposed and, accordingly, as to the resultant