quantities.
8
In the United States, the company is contractually committed to deliver approximately 25 million barrels of NGLs and 813 billion c
ubic feet of natural gas to third parties and affiliates from 2025 through 2027.
The company believes it can satisfy these contracts through a combination of equity production from the company’s proved developed U.S. reserves and third-party purchases.
These commitments are primarily based on contracts with indexed pricing terms.
Outside the United States, the company is contractually committed to deliver a total
of 3.2 tr
illion cubic feet of natural gas to third parties and affiliates from 2025 through 2027 mainly from operations in Australia and Israel. The
Australia sales contracts contain variable pricing formulas that generally reference the prevailing market price for crude oil, natural gas or other petroleum products at the time of delivery. The sales contracts for Israel contain formulas that generally reflect an initial base price subject to price indexation, Brent-linked or other, over the life of the contract. The company believes it can satisfy these contracts from quantities available from production of the company’s proved developed reserves in these countries.
Development Activities
Refer to
Table I
for details associated with the company’s development expenditures and costs of proved property acquisitions for 2024, 2023 and 2022.
The following table summarizes the company’s net interest in productive and dry development wells completed in each of the past three years, and the status of the company’s development wells drilling at December 31, 2024. A “development well” is a well drilled within the known area of a crude oil or natural gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive.
Exploration Activities
Refer to
Table I
for detail on the company’s exploration expenditures and costs of unproved property acquisitions for 2024, 2023 and 2022.
The following table summarizes the company’s net interests in productive and dry exploratory wells completed in each of the past three years, and the number of exploratory wells drilling at December 31, 2024. “Exploratory wells” are wells drilled to find and produce crude oil or natural gas in unknown areas and include delineation and appraisal wells, which are wells drilled to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of crude oil or natural gas in another reservoir or to extend a known reservoir.
9
Review of Ongoing Activities in Key Areas
Chevron has exploration and production activities in many of the world’s major hydrocarbon basins. Chevron’s 2024 key upstream activities, some of which are also discussed in the section
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
, are presented below. The comments include references to “total production” and “net production,” which are defined under “Production” in
Exhibit 99.1
.
The discussion that follows references