and advances measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis to report in first quarter 2025.
Note 14.
Financial and Derivative Instruments
The company’s commodity derivative instruments principally include crude oil, natural gas, liquefied natural gas and refined product futures, swaps, options and forward contracts. The company applies cash flow hedge accounting to certain commodity transactions, where appropriate, to manage the market price risk associated with forecasted sales of crude oil. The company’s derivatives are not material to the company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. The company believes it has no material market or credit risks to its operations, financial position or liquidity as a result of its commodities and other derivatives activities.
The company uses commodity derivative instruments traded on the New York Mercantile Exchange and on electronic platforms of the Inter-Continental Exchange and Chicago Mercantile Exchange. In addition, the company enters into swap contracts and option contracts principally with major financial institutions and other oil and gas companies in the “over-the-counter” markets, which are governed by International Swaps and Derivatives Association agreements and other master netting arrangements.
Derivative instruments measured at fair value at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, and their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Income are as follows:
21
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
The amount reclassified from AOCL to “Sales and other operating revenues” from designated hedges for the first quarter of 2025 was a loss of $
17
million compared with a gain of $
7
million in the same period of the prior year. At March 31, 2025, before-tax deferred losses in AOCL related to outstanding crude oil price hedging contracts were $
23
million, of which all is expected to be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months as the hedged crude oil sales are recognized in earnings.
The following table represents gross and net derivative assets and liabilities subject to netting agreements on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024.
Derivative assets and liabilities are classified on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as accounts and notes receivable, long-term receivables, accounts payable, and deferred credits and other noncurrent obligations. Amounts not offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet represent positions that do not meet all the conditions for “a right of offset.”
22
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
Note 15.
Revenue
“Sales and other operating revenues” on the Consolidated Statement of Income primarily arise from contracts with customers. Related receivables are included in “Accounts and notes receivable” on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, net of the current expected credit losses. The net balance of these