Disclosures
Not applicable.
29
PART II
Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The company’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (trading symbol: CVX). As of February 7, 2025, stockholders of record numbered approximately 95,000. There are no restrictions on the company’s ability to pay dividends. The information on Chevron’s dividends are contained in the
Quarterly Results
tabulation.
Chevron Corporation Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
for Quarter Ended December 31, 2024
1
Includes common shared repurchased from participants in the company’s deferred compensation plans for personal income tax withholdings.
2
Refer to
Liquidity and Capital Resources
for additional detail regarding the company's authorized stock repurchase program.
Item 6. [Reserved]
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The index to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is presented in the
Financial Table of Contents
.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
The company’s discussion of interest rate, foreign currency and commodity price market risk is contained in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations —
Financial and Derivative Instruments
and in
Note 10 Financial and Derivative Instruments
.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data is presented in the
Financial Table of Contents
.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
The company’s management has evaluated, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2024.
(b) Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). The company’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on the
Internal Control – Integrated Framework
(2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on the results of this evaluation, the company’s management concluded that internal control