levels is also affected by the size and number of economic investment opportunities and the time lag between initial exploration and the beginning of production.
Proved Reserves
Net proved reserves for consolidated companies and affiliated companies totaled 9.8 billion barrels of oil-equivalent at year-end 2024, a decrease from year-end 2023. The reserve replacement ratio in 2024 was negative 4 percent. The 5 and 10 year reserve replacement ratios were 72 percent and 88 percent, respectively. Refer to
Table V
for a tabulation of the company’s proved net oil and gas reserves by geographic area, at the beginning of 2022 and each year-end from 2022 through 2024, and an accompanying discussion of major changes to proved reserves by geographic area for the three-year period ending December 31, 2024.
Refer to the “Results of Operations” section on pages 43 for additional discussion of the company’s upstream business.
Downstream
Earnings for the downstream segment are closely tied to margins on the refining, manufacturing and marketing of products that include gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, lubricants, fuel oil, fuel and lubricant additives, petrochemicals and renewable fuels. Industry margins are sometimes volatile and can be affected by the global and regional supply-and-demand balance for refined products and petrochemicals, and by changes in the price of crude oil, other refinery and petrochemical feedstocks, and natural gas. Industry margins can also be influenced by inventory levels, geopolitical events, costs of materials and services, refinery or chemical plant capacity utilization, maintenance programs, and disruptions at refineries or chemical plants resulting from unplanned outages due to severe weather, fires or other operational events.
Other factors affecting profitability for downstream operations include the reliability and efficiency of the company’s refining, marketing and petrochemical assets, the effectiveness of its crude oil and product supply functions, and the volatility of tanker-charter rates for the company’s shipping operations, which are driven by the industry’s demand for crude oil and product tankers. Other factors beyond the company’s control include the general level of inflation and energy costs to operate the company’s refining, marketing and petrochemical assets, and changes in tax, environmental, and other applicable laws and regulations.
The company’s most significant marketing areas are the West Coast and Gulf Coast of the United States and Asia Pacific. Chevron operates or has significant ownership interests in refineries in each of these areas. The company is also one of the largest renewable fuels producers in the United States.
Refer to the “Results of Operations” section on page 44 for additional discussion of the company’s downstream operations.
All Other
consists of worldwide cash management and debt financing activities, corporate administrative functions, insurance operations, real estate activities and