American Association of Petroleum Geologists, the SEPM Society of Sedimentary Geologists and the Society of Petroleum Engineers.
All RAC members are degreed professionals, each with more than 10 years of experience in various aspects of reserves estimation relating to reservoir engineering, petroleum engineering, earth science or finance. The members are knowledgeable in SEC guidelines for proved reserves classification and receive annual training on the preparation of reserves estimates.
The RAC has the following primary responsibilities: establish the policies and processes used within the business units to estimate reserves; provide independent reviews and oversight of the business units’ recommended reserves estimates and changes; confirm that proved reserves are recognized in accordance with SEC guidelines; determine that reserve quantities are calculated using consistent and appropriate standards, procedures and technology; and maintain the
Chevron Corporation Reserves Manual
,
which provides standardized procedures used corporatewide for classifying and reporting hydrocarbon reserves.
During the year, the RAC is represented in meetings with each of the company’s business units to review and discuss reserve changes recommended by the various asset teams. Major changes are also reviewed with the company’s senior leadership team including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. The company’s annual reserves activity is also reviewed with the company’s Audit Committee and Board of Directors. If major changes to reserves were to occur between the annual reviews, those matters would also be discussed with the Board.
RAC sub-teams also conduct in-depth reviews during the year of many of the fields that have large proved reserves quantities. These reviews include an examination of the proved reserve records and documentation of their compliance with the
Chevron Corporation Reserves Manual
.
Technologies Used in Establishing Proved Reserves Additions
In 2024, additions to Chevron’s proved reserves were based on a wide range of geologic and engineering technologies. Information generated from wells, such as well logs, wire line sampling, production and pressure testing, fluid analysis, and core analysis, was integrated with seismic data, regional geologic studies, and information from analogous reservoirs to provide “reasonably certain” proved reserves estimates. Both proprietary and commercially available analytic tools, including reservoir simulation, geologic modeling and seismic processing, have been used in the interpretation of the subsurface data. These technologies have been utilized extensively by the company in the past, and the company believes that they provide a high degree of confidence in establishing reliable and consistent reserves estimates.
Proved Undeveloped Reserves
Noteworthy changes in proved undeveloped reserves are shown in the table below and discussed below.
109
In 2024, revisions in the United States