not pay such benefits. The company intends to continue to pay its obligations under the benefit plans. The trustee will vote the shares held in the trust as instructed by the trust’s beneficiaries. The shares held in the trust are not considered outstanding for earnings-per-share purposes until distributed or sold by the trust in payment of benefit obligations.
Employee Incentive Plans
The Chevron Incentive Plan is an annual cash bonus plan for eligible employees that links awards to corporate and individual performance in the prior year. Charges to expense for cash bonuses were $
965
, $
809
and $
1,169
in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Chevron also has the LTIP for officers and other regular salaried employees of the company and its subsidiaries who hold positions of significant responsibility. Awards under the LTIP consist of stock options and other share-based compensation that are described in
Note 22 Stock Options and Other Share-Based Compensation
.
Note 24
Other Contingencies and Commitments
Income Taxes
The company calculates its income tax expense and liabilities quarterly. These liabilities generally are subject to audit and are not finalized with the individual taxing authorities until several years after the end of the annual period for which income taxes have been calculated. Refer to
Note 17 Taxes
for a discussion of the periods for which tax returns have been audited for the company’s major tax jurisdictions and a discussion for all tax jurisdictions of the differences between the amount of tax benefits recognized in the financial statements and the amount taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
Settlement of open tax years, as well as other tax issues in countries where the company conducts its businesses, are not expected to have a material effect on the consolidated financial position or liquidity of the company and, in the opinion of management, adequate provisions have been made for all years under examination or subject to future examination.
Guarantees
The company has
one
guarantee to an equity affiliate totaling $
98
. This guarantee is associated with certain payments under a terminal use agreement entered into by an equity affiliate. Over the approximate
3-year
remaining term of this guarantee, the maximum guarantee amount will be reduced as certain fees are paid by the affiliate. There are numerous cross-indemnity agreements with the affiliate and the other partners to permit recovery of amounts paid under the guarantee. Chevron has recorded no liability for this guarantee.
Indemnifications
The company often includes standard indemnification provisions in its arrangements with its partners, suppliers and vendors in the ordinary course of business, the terms of which range in duration and sometimes are not limited. The company may be obligated to indemnify such parties for losses or claims suffered or incurred in connection with its service or other claims made against such parties.
Long-Term Unconditional