market price of the company’s shares, general market and economic conditions, and other factors. The stock repurchase program and any forward guidance as to expected repurchases do not obligate the company to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the program may be discontinued or resumed at any time.
Noncontrolling Interests
The company had noncontrolling interests of $836 million at March 31, 2025, and $839 million at December 31, 2024.
39
Table of Contents
Financial Ratios and Metrics
(1)
At March 31, 2025, the book value of inventory was lower than replacement cost.
(2)
Net Debt Ratio for March 31, 2025 is calculated as short-term debt of $4.1 billion plus long-term debt of $25.6 billion (together, “total debt”) less cash and cash equivalents, time deposits, and marketable securities of $4.6 billion as a percentage of total debt less cash and cash equivalents, time deposits, and marketable securities, plus Chevron Corporation Stockholders’ Equity of $149.2 billion. For the December 31, 2024 calculation, please refer to page 53 of Chevron’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Pension Obligations
Information related to pension plan contributions is included in
Note 8 Employee Benefits
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Capital Expenditures
The company’s capital expenditures (capex) primarily includes additions to fixed assets or investments for the company
’
s consolidated subsidiaries and is disclosed in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Capex was $3.9 billion in the first three months of 2025, compared with $4.1 billion in the corresponding 2024 period. Lower spend in downstream businesses was partly offset by inorganic investment in power solutions for U.S. data centers.
Affiliate Capital Expenditures
The company’s affiliate capital expenditures (affiliate capex) primarily includes additions to fixed assets or investments in the equity affiliate
’
s financial statements and does not require cash outlays by the company. First quarter 2025 affiliate capex was $135 million lower than first quarter 2024 due to lower spend at TCO.
40
Table of Contents
Contingencies and Significant Litigation
Climate Change
Information related to climate change-related matters is included in
Note 11 Litigation
under the heading “Climate Change.”
Louisiana
Information related to Louisiana coastal matters is included in
Note 11 Litigation
under the heading “Louisiana.”
Income Taxes
Information related to income tax contingencies is included in
Note 10 Income Taxes
and in
Note 12 Other Contingencies and Commitments
under the heading “Income Taxes.”
Guarantees
Information related to the company’s guarantees is included in
Note 12 Other Contingencies and Commitments
under the heading “Guarantees.”
Indemnification
Information related to indemnification is included in
Note 12 Other Contingencies and Commitments
under the heading “Indemnification.”
Long-Term Unconditional Purchase Obligations and Commitments, Including Throughput and Take-or-Pay