et al
., C.A. No. PC-2018-4716 (R.I. Super. Ct.);
City of Richmond v. Chevron Corp., et al.
, No. C18-00055 (Cal. Super. Ct.);
City of San Francisco v. BP P.L.C., et al.
, No. CGC-17-561370 (Cal. Super. Ct.);
County of San Mateo v. Chevron Corp., et al.
, No. 17-CIV-03222 (Cal. Super. Ct.);
City of Santa Cruz v. Chevron Corp., et al.
, No. 17-CV-03243 (Cal. Super. Ct.);
County of Santa Cruz v. Chevron Corp., et al
., No. 17-CV-03242 (Cal. Super. Ct.);
Shoalwater Bay Indian Tribe v. Exxon Mobil Corp., et al.
, No. 23-2-25215-2-SEA (Wash. Super. Ct.);
City of Chicago v. BP P.L.C., et al.
, No. 2024CH01024 (Ill.
Cir. Ct.);
Maine v. BP P.L.C. et al.
, No. PORSC-CV-24-442 (Me. Super. Ct.);
State of Hawaii v. BP P.L.C.
, et al.
,
1CCV-25-0000717 (Haw. Cir. Ct.).
17
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
Louisiana
Seven
coastal parishes and the State of Louisiana have filed lawsuits in Louisiana against numerous oil and gas companies seeking remediation damages for coastal erosion in or near oil fields located within Louisiana’s coastal zone under Louisiana’s State and Local Coastal Resources Management Act (SLCRMA). Chevron entities are defendants in
37
of these cases.
2
The lawsuits allege that the defendants’ historical operations were conducted without necessary permits or failed to comply with permits obtained and seek remediation damages and other relief, including the costs of restoring coastal wetlands allegedly impacted by oil field operations. Further such proceedings may be brought by other parties. The United States Supreme Court denied a petition for writ of certiorari on certain jurisdictional questions impacting some of these cases, and those cases have been or will be remanded to Louisiana state court. Other federal jurisdictional questions are on petition for review to the United States Supreme Court. In April 2025, a jury in a Louisiana state court awarded Plaquemines Parish $
744.6
million in a trial against Chevron entities. The company denies this liability and plans to appeal any judgment based on the jury verdict. The jury’s decision was unique to the facts and circumstances of the case and may not be representative of future outcomes for other claims brought against Chevron entities under the SLCRMA. In accordance with guidance on the evaluation of loss contingencies, the company has recorded an accrual of $
131
million, which the company believes to be a reasonably estimable loss in light of the available defenses. It is reasonably possible that the estimate of the loss could change based on the progression of the case, including the appeals process. However, because of the uncertainties associated with ongoing litigation, we are unable to estimate the range of reasonably possible loss that may be attributable to liabilities, if any, in excess of the amount accrued. While the company believes the jury verdict is not legally or factually supported and intends to appeal and vigorously pursue