are applied to the company’s counterparties in derivative instruments. For a discussion of credit risk on trade receivables, see
Note 28 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses
.
Note 11
Assets Held for Sale
At December 31, 2024, the company classifie
d $
481
of net properties, plant and equipment as “Assets held for sale” on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. These assets are associated with upstream and downstream operations that were sold in early 2025, or are anticipated to be sold in the next 12 months. The revenues and earnings contributions of these assets in 2024 were not material.
Note 12
Equity
Retained earnings at December 31, 2024 and 2023, included $
35,349
and $
34,359
, respectively, for the company’s share of undistributed earnings of equity affiliates.
At December 31, 2024, about
96
million shares of Chevron’s common stock remained available for issuance from the
104
million shares that were reserved for issuance under the 2022 Chevron Long-Term Incentive Plan. In addition,
559,513
shares remain available for issuance from the
1,600,000
shares of the company’s common stock that were reserved for awards under the Chevron Corporation Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Compensation and Deferral Plan.
79
Note 13
Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share (EPS) is based upon “Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Chevron Corporation” (“earnings”) and includes the effects of deferrals of salary and other compensation awards that are invested in Chevron stock units by certain officers and employees of the company. Diluted EPS includes the effects of these items as well as the dilutive effects of outstanding stock options awarded under the company’s stock option programs (refer to
Note 22 Stock Options and Other Share-Based Compensation
).
The table below sets forth the computation of basic and diluted EPS:
Note 14
Operating Segments and Geographic Data
Although each subsidiary of Chevron is responsible for its own affairs, Chevron Corporation manages its investments in these subsidiaries and their affiliates. The investments are grouped into
two
business segments, Upstream and Downstream, representing the company’s “reportable segments” and “operating segments.” Upstream operations consist primarily of exploring for, developing, producing and transporting crude oil and natural gas; liquefaction, transportation and regasification associated with LNG; transporting crude oil by major international oil export pipelines; processing, transporting, storage and marketing of natural gas; carbon capture and storage; and a gas-to-liquids plant. Downstream operations consist primarily of refining of crude oil into petroleum products; marketing of crude oil, refined products, and lubricants; manufacturing and marketing of renewable fuels; transporting of crude oil and refined products by pipeline, marine vessel, motor equipment and rail car; and manufacturing and marketing of commodity petrochemicals, plastics for industrial uses, and fuel and lubricant