were primarily from the Denver-Julesburg (DJ) basin yielding a decrease of 98 million BOE mainly due to reservoir performance and portfolio optimization. A net decrease of 33 million BOE in the Midland and Delaware basins was due to reservoir performance.
In 2024, extensions and discoveries of 316 million BOE in the United States were primarily due to planned development of new locations in shale and tight assets in the DJ basin of 171 million BOE, the Midland and Delaware basins of 123 million BOE, and deepwater assets in the Gulf of America of 22 million BOE. In Other Americas, 58 million BOE of extensions and discoveries were from shale and tight assets in Argentina.
In 2024, purchases of 70 million BOE in the United States are primarily from newly identified proved undeveloped well locations associated with the acquisition of PDC.
The difference in 2024 extensions and discoveries of 161 million BOE, between the net quantities of proved reserves of 551 million BOE as reflected on pages 112 to 114 and net quantities of proved undeveloped reserves of 390 million BOE, is primarily due to proved extensions and discoveries that were not recognized as proved undeveloped reserves in the prior year and were recognized directly as proved developed reserves in 2024.
Transfers to proved developed reserves in 2024 include 464 million BOE in the United States, from 256 million BOE in the Midland and Delaware basins, 126 million BOE in the DJ basin, and 82 million BOE in the Gulf of America. Other significant transfers to proved developed were 329 million BOE in Kazakhstan, primarily at TCO, and 75 million BOE in Angola, primarily at Angola LNG. A combined 81 million BOE of transfers to proved developed were recorded in Argentina, Canada, Australia, Nigeria, China, and other international locations. These transfers are the consequence of development expenditures on completing wells and facilities.
During 2024, the company’s investments totaled approximately $8.2
billion in oil and gas producing activities, and about $0.1 billion in non-oil and gas producing activities, to advance the development of proved undeveloped reserves. The United States accounted for about $5.5 billion primarily related to various development activities in the Midland and Delaware basins, the Gulf of America and the DJ basin. In Africa, about $0.8 billion was expended on various offshore development and natural gas projects in Nigeria and Angola. An additional $0.5 billion was spent on development activities in Australia. Development activities in other international locations were primarily responsible for about $1.4 billion of expenditures. The company’s equity affiliates investments in oil and gas producing activities to advance development of proved undeveloped reserves in 2024 was $1.3 billion primarily related to development projects for TCO in Kazakhstan.
Reserves that remain proved undeveloped for five or more years are a result of several factors that affect optimal project