have been converted to low pressure. In January 2025, TCO started oil production at its Future Growth Project, which is expected to contribute to higher free cash flow.
Chevron has interests in Venezuelan assets operated by independent affiliates. Chevron has been conducting limited activities in Venezuela consistent with the authorization provided pursuant to licenses issued by the United States government. In fourth quarter 2022, Chevron received General License 41 from the United States government, enabling the company to resume activity in Venezuela subject to certain limitations, and the company continues such activities under this General License. The financial results for Chevron’s business in Venezuela are being recorded as non-equity investments since 2020, where income is only recognized when cash is received and production and reserves are not included in the company’s results. Crude oil liftings in Venezuela started in first quarter 2023, which have positively impacted the company’s results. The company’s independent affiliates have continued to maintain safe and reliable operations; however, future impact on results of operations and financial condition remain uncertain.
Chevron maintains an equity interest in the Caspian Pipeline Consortium (CPC) which provides a primary export route for Tengiz field production in Kazakhstan. An adverse event or incident affecting CPC operations, which CPC has experienced from time to time, could have a negative impact on the Tengiz field and the company’s results of operations and financial position. The financial impacts of such risks, including presently imposed sanctions and the February 2025 drone attack on the CPC pumping station, remain uncertain.
Other governments (including Russia) have imposed and may impose additional sanctions and other trade laws, restrictions and regulations that could lead to disruption in our ability to produce, transport and/or export crude in the region around Russia.
Chevron holds a 39.7 percent interest in the Leviathan field and a 25 percent interest in the Tamar field in Israel. Despite the ongoing conflict between Israel and various regional adversaries, the company continues to maintain safe and reliable operations while meeting its contractual commitments. The company continues to monitor the ongoing conflict in the region and any future impacts on the company’s results of operations and financial condition remain uncertain.
39
Chevron operates and holds interests in the Bibiyana, Jalalabad and Moulavi Bazar fields in Bangladesh. Recent political unrest in the country has not impacted the company’s operations to date; however, the future impacts, if any, on the company’s results of operations and financial condition remain uncertain.
Commodity Prices
The following chart shows the trend in benchmark prices for Brent crude oil, West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil and U.S. Henry Hub natural gas. The Brent price averaged $81 per barrel for the full-year