Agreements
Information related to the company’s long-term unconditional purchase obligations and commitments is included in
Note 12 Other Contingencies and Commitments
under the heading “Long-Term Unconditional Purchase Obligations and Commitments, Including Throughput and Take-or-Pay Agreements.”
Environmental
Information related to environmental matters is included in
Note 12 Other Contingencies and Commitments
under the heading “Environmental.”
Acquisition and Disposition of Assets
Information related to the company’s acquisition and disposition of assets is included in
Note 12 Other Contingencies and Commitments
under the headings “Decommissioning Obligations for Previously Sold Assets” and “Other Contingencies.”
Other Contingencies
Information related to the company’s other contingencies is included in
Note 12 Other Contingencies and Commitments
under the heading “Other Contingencies.”
Item 3.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Information about market risks for the three months ended March 31, 2025, does not differ materially from that discussed under Item 7A of Chevron’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 4.
Controls and Procedures
(a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
The company’s management has evaluated, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31, 2025.
(b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting
During the quarter ended March 31, 2025, there were no changes in the company’s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the company’s internal control over financial reporting.
41
Table of Contents
PART II
OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.
Legal Proceedings
Item 103 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) requires disclosure of certain legal proceedings that involve governmental authorities as a party and that the company reasonably believes would result in $1.0 million or more of monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, under federal, state and local laws that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or primarily for the purpose of protecting the environment.
During the quarter ended March 31, 2025, there were no new such proceedings or material developments that occurred with respect to governmental proceedings previously reported but still unresolved.
Please see information related to other legal proceedings in
Note 11 Litigation
.
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
Some inherent risks could