were $325 million compared with $783 million in the corresponding 2024 period. The decrease was mainly due to lower margins on refined product sales and a legal reserve.
Refer to
“Results of Operations”
for additional discussion of results by business segment and “All Other” activities for the first quarter of 2025 versus the same period in 2024.
Business Environment and Outlook
Chevron Corporation
3
is a global energy company with direct and indirect subsidiaries and affiliates that conduct substantial business activities in the following countries: Angola, Argentina, Australia, Bangladesh, Brazil, Canada, China, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Israel, Kazakhstan, Mexico, Nigeria, the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, the Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand, the United Kingdom, the United States, and Venezuela.
The company’s objective is to safely deliver higher returns, lower carbon and superior shareholder value in any business environment. Earnings of the company depend mostly on the profitability of its upstream business segment. The most significant factor affecting the results of operations for the upstream segment is
3
Incorporated in Delaware in 1926 as Standard Oil Company of California, the company adopted the name Chevron Corporation in 1984 and ChevronTexaco Corporation in 2001. In 2005, ChevronTexaco Corporation changed its name to Chevron Corporation. As used in this report, the term “Chevron” and such terms as “the company,” “the corporation,” “our,” “we,” “us” and “its” may refer to Chevron Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or all of them taken as a whole, but unless stated otherwise they do not include “affiliates” of Chevron — i.e., those companies generally owned 50 percent or less. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of any of the separate companies, each of which manages its own affairs.
25
Table of Contents
the price of crude oil, which is determined in global markets outside of the company’s control. In the company’s downstream business, crude oil is the largest cost component of refined products. Periods of sustained lower commodity prices could result in the impairment or write-off of specific assets in future periods and cause the company to adjust operating expenses, including employee reductions, and capital expenditures, along with other measures intended to improve financial performance.
Some governments, companies, communities and other stakeholders are supporting efforts to address climate change. International initiatives and national, regional and state legislation and regulations that aim to directly or indirectly reduce GHG emissions are in various stages of design, adoption and implementation. These policies and programs, some of which support the global net zero emissions ambitions of the Paris Agreement, can change the amount of energy consumed, the rate of energy-demand growth, the energy mix and the