potentially responsible parties’ costs at designated hazardous waste sites are not expected to have a material effect on the company’s results of operations, consolidated financial position or liquidity.
Of the remaining year-end 2024 environmental reserves balance of $
725
, $
440
is related to the company’s U.S. downstream operations, $
49
to its international downstream operations, and $
236
to its upstream operations. Liabilities at all sites were primarily associated with the company’s plans and activities to remediate soil or groundwater contamination or both.
The company manages environmental liabilities under specific sets of regulatory requirements, which in the United States include the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and various state and local regulations. No single remediation site at year-end 2024 had a recorded liability that was material to the company’s results of operations, consolidated financial position or liquidity.
Refer to
Note 25 Asset Retirement Obligations
for a discussion of the company’s asset retirement obligations.
Decommissioning Obligations for Previously Divested Assets
Some assets are divested along with their related liabilities, such as decommissioning obligations. In certain instances, such transferred obligations have returned and may continue to return to the company. For example, in fourth quarter 2023, the company recognized charges for decommissioning obligations from certain previously divested assets in the Gulf of America. To the extent the current owners of the company’s previously divested assets default on their decommissioning obligations, regulators may require that Chevron assume such obligations. The company could have additional significant obligations revert, primarily in the United States. The company is not currently aware of any such obligations that are reasonably possible to be material. The liability balance at the end of 2023 was $
2,708
, $
235
was spent in 2024, and the balance at the end of 2024 was $
2,478
.
Other Contingencies
The company and its affiliates continue to review and analyze their operations and may close, retire, sell, exchange, acquire or restructure assets to achieve operational or strategic benefits and to improve competitiveness and profitability. These activities, individually or together, may result in significant gains or losses in future periods.
Chevron receives claims from and submits claims to customers; trading partners; joint venture partners; U.S. federal, state and local regulatory bodies; governments; contractors; insurers; suppliers; and individuals. The amounts of these claims, individually and in the aggregate, may be significant and take lengthy periods to resolve, and may result in gains or losses in future periods.
Note 25
Asset Retirement Obligations
The company records the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation (ARO) both as an asset and a liability when there is a legal obligation associated with the retirement of