investment in the Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC joint venture, which is accounted for using the equity method.
The summarized financial information for CUSA and its consolidated subsidiaries is as follows:
Note 7
Summarized Financial Data – Tengizchevroil LLP
Chevron has a
50
percent equity ownership interest in Tengizchevroil LLP (TCO). Refer to
Note 15 Investments and Advances
for a discussion of TCO operations.
Summarized financial information for
100
percent of TCO is presented in the table below:
Note 8
Restructuring and Reorganization Costs
In 2024, the company announced plans to achieve $
2
-
3
billion in structural cost reductions by the end of 2026. As a result, the company recorded severance accruals during fourth quarter 2024 for employee reduction programs related to an enterprise-wide restructuring, which is expected to be substantially completed by the end of 2026.
A charge of $
980
was recorded in fourth quarter 2024, with $
706
reported as “
Operating expenses
” and $
274
reported as “Selling, general and administrative expenses” on the Consolidated Statement of Income. Approximately $
240
is associated with employee reductions in U.S. Upstream, $
197
in International Upstream, $
247
in U.S. Downstream, $
22
in International Downstream and $
274
in All Other. Approximately $
560
is classified as current and $
430
is classified as long-term on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2024.
76
The following table summarizes the accrued severance liability.
Note 9
Fair Value Measurements
Marketable Securities
The company calculates fair value for its marketable securities based on quoted market prices for identical assets. The fair values reflect the cash that would have been received if the instruments were sold at December 31, 2024.
Derivatives
The company records most of its derivative instruments – other than any commodity derivative contracts that are accounted for as normal purchase and normal sale – on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value, with the offsetting amount to the Consolidated Statement of Income. The company designates certain derivative instruments as cash flow hedges, if applicable. Derivatives classified as Level 1 include futures, swaps and options contracts valued using quoted prices from active markets such as the New York Mercantile Exchange. Derivatives classified as Level 2 include swaps, options and forward contracts, the fair values of which are obtained from third-party broker quotes, industry pricing services and exchanges. The company obtains multiple sources of pricing information for the Level 2 instruments. Since this pricing information is generated from observable market data, it has historically been very consistent. The company does not materially adjust this information.
Properties, Plant and Equipment
In 2024, the company did not have any individually material impairments of long lived assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. In 2023, the company impaired a