outstanding shares in an all-stock transaction, pursuant to which Hess stockholders will receive
1.0250
shares of Chevron common stock for each Hess share. The transaction was unanimously approved by the Boards of Directors of both companies.
On May 28, 2024, a majority of Hess stockholders voted to approve the merger. Following the Federal Trade Commission’s (FTC) review of the transaction, on September 30, 2024, the FTC announced that a majority of the Commission voted to accept a consent agreement among the FTC, Chevron and Hess, resolving the concerns the FTC identified during its review of the transaction. On January 16, 2025, a majority of the FTC voted to finalize the consent order entered on September 30, 2024. Chevron and Hess filed a petition to set aside the consent order on March 27, 2025, which, if granted, would remove the restriction of John Hess serving on Chevron’s Board while maintaining Chevron’s clearance to close the transaction. Chevron and Hess have taken and will continue to take appropriate steps to maintain our ability to close the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act of 1976, as amended. The filing of an arbitration relating to the right of first refusal contained in the Stabroek Block operating agreement among Hess Guyana Exploration Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Hess, and affiliates of Exxon Mobil Corporation, and China National Offshore Oil Corporation has delayed completion of the transaction. An arbitration decision against Hess Guyana and in favor of Exxon Guyana and CNOOC Guyana would cause the transaction not to be completed. The arbitration merits hearing has been scheduled for May 2025, with a decision expected in approximately the following three months.
Chevron and Hess are working to complete the merger as soon as practicable. However, neither Chevron nor Hess can predict the actual date on which the transaction will be completed, if at all, because it is subject to conditions beyond each company’s control. See
Item 1A. Risk Factors
for a discussion of risks related to the Hess acquisition.
Note 19.
Restructuring and Reorganization Costs
The following table summarizes the accrued severance liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, which is expected to be substantially settled by the end of 2026.
24
Table of Contents
Item 2.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
First Quarter 2025 Compared with First Quarter 2024
Key Financial Results
Net income attributable to Chevron Corporation
for first quarter 2025 was $3.5 billion ($2.00 per share — diluted), compared with $5.5 billion ($2.97 per share — diluted) in first quarter 2024.
Upstream
earnings in first quarter 2025 were $3.8 billion compared with $5.2 billion in the corresponding 2024 period. The decrease was mainly due to lower liftings, lower affiliate earnings at TCO, lower realizations, and unfavorable swings in tax items and foreign exchange effects.
Downstream
earnings in first quarter 2025