to be allocated to the segments. The company's primary country of operation is the United States of America, its country of domicile, while other components of the company's operations are reported as “International” (outside the United States).
Segment Sales and Other Operating Revenues
Products are transferred between operating segments at internal product values that approximate market prices.
Revenues for the upstream segment are derived primarily from the production and sale of crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids (NGLs), as well as the sale of third-party production of natural gas. Revenues for the downstream segment are derived from the refining and marketing of petroleum products such as gasoline, jet fuel, gas oils, lubricants, residual fuel oils, and other products derived from crude oil. This segment also generates revenues from the manufacture and sale of fuel and lubricant additives, renewable fuels, and the transportation and trading of refined products and crude oil. “All Other” activities include revenues from insurance operations, real estate activities, and technology companies.
Segment Expenses
Purchased crude oil and products, operating and selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expense, and depreciation, depletion and amortization are the company’s significant segment expenses. Operating and SG&A expenses include transportation, employee costs, service and fees, fuel and utilities, materials and supplies, SG&A expenses, and other components of net periodic benefit costs. Other costs and deductions primarily represent taxes other than on income, exploration expense, and interest and debt expenses.
Segment Earnings
The company evaluates the performance of its operating segments on an after-tax basis, without considering the effects of debt financing interest expense or investment interest income, both of which are managed by the company on a worldwide basis. Corporate administrative costs are not allocated to the operating segments. However, operating segments are billed for the direct use of corporate services. Non-billable costs remain at the corporate level in “All Other.”
12
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
Segmented income statements for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 are presented below:
13
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
Segment Assets
Segment assets do not include intercompany investments or intercompany receivables.
Segment assets at March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, are as follows:
14
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
Note 8.
Employee Benefits
Chevron has defined benefit pension plans for many employees. The company typically prefunds defined benefit plans as required by local regulations or in certain situations where prefunding provides economic advantages. In the United States, all qualified plans are subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act