capture and offsets, hydrogen, power generation for data centers, and emerging technologies. To grow its new businesses, Chevron plans to target sectors of the economy where emissions are harder to abate or that cannot be easily electrified, while leveraging the company’s capabilities, assets, partnerships and customer relationships. The company’s oil and gas business may increase or decrease depending upon market, economic, legislative and regulatory forces, among other factors.
Chevron’s previously disclosed 2050 net zero upstream aspiration, GHG intensity targets and planned lower-carbon capital spend through 2028 can be found on pages 36 through 37 of the company’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Chevron regularly evaluates its aspirations, targets and goals and expects to change or eliminate some of its aspirations, targets and goals for various reasons, including market conditions; its strategy or portfolio; and
26
Table of Contents
financial, operational, policy, reputational, legal and other factors. The company’s ability to achieve any aspiration, target or goal is subject to numerous risks and contingencies, many of which are outside of Chevron’s control. Examples of such risks and contingencies include:(1) sufficient and substantial advances in technology, including the continuing progress of commercially viable technologies and low- or non-carbon-based energy sources; (2) laws, governmental regulation, policies, and other enabling actions, including those regarding subsidies, tax and other incentives as well as the granting of necessary permits by governing authorities; (3) the availability and acceptability of cost-effective, verifiable carbon credits; (4) the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability-related standards; (5) evolving regulatory requirements, including changes to IPCC’s Global Warming Potentials and the U.S. EPA Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program, affecting ESG standards or disclosures; (6) evolving standards for tracking and reporting on emissions and emissions reductions and removals; (7) customers’ and consumers’ preferences and use of the company’s products or substitute products; (8) actions taken by the company’s competitors in response to legislation and regulations; and (9) successful negotiations for carbon capture and storage and nature-based solutions with customers, suppliers, partners and governments. Please refer to the risk factors regarding our strategy, aspirations, targets, and disclosures related to environmental, social, and governance matters included on pages 23 through 27 of the company’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Income Taxes
The effective tax rate for the company can change substantially during periods of significant earnings volatility. This is due to the mix effects that are impacted by both the absolute level of earnings or losses and whether they arise in higher or lower tax rate jurisdictions. As a result, a decline or increase in the effective income tax rate in one