Jack/St. Malo Stage 5 project reached final investment decision (FID), with first oil expected in 2026. The Jack and St. Malo fields have an estimated remaining production life of 20 years.
The company has a 58 percent-owned and operated interest in the deepwater Tahiti Field, located in the Green Canyon area. In 2024, the company’s first deepwater Gulf of America producer-to-injector conversion well started water injection and an additional water injector well reached FID. The Tahiti Field surpassed 500 million barrels of oil-equivalent cumulative production in 2024 and has an estimated remaining production life of 20 years.
The company has a 15.6 percent nonoperated working interest in the deepwater Mad Dog Field, located in the Green Canyon area. In 2024, first water injection was achieved from the Mad Dog 2 project and additional producing wells were brought online. The field has an estimated remaining production life of more than 30 years.
Chevron has a 37.5 percent nonoperated working interest in the Perdido Regional Host, which accommodates production from the Great White, Silvertip and Tobago fields in the Alaminos Canyon area. In 2024, the Silvertip Expansion Project, in which Chevron has a 60 percent nonoperated working interest, reached FID, with first oil expected in 2026. Additional development drilling in the Great White Field is currently ongoing, with first oil expected in 2025. The Perdido asset has an estimated remaining production life of more than 15 years.
Chevron has a 25 percent nonoperated working interest in the Stampede Field, which is located in the Green Canyon area. In 2024, development drilling on a new well with tie back to the host facility commenced and first oil is expected in 2025. The Stampede Field has an estimated remaining production life of more than 20 years.
The company has a 40 percent nonoperated working interest in the Whale discovery located in the Alaminos Canyon area. Whale consists of a fifteen-well subsea development and floating production unit. In January 2025, first production was achieved with two producing wells brought online and development drilling in progress on subsequent wells. The field has an estimated remaining production life of more than 25 years.
During 2024, Chevron was formally awarded 26 exploration blocks as a result of Gulf of America lease sale 261.
Chevron has a 50 percent interest in
Bayou Bend, a carbon dioxide transportation and sequestration affiliate that holds approximately 140,000 acres for carbon dioxide storage.
In 2024, onshore and offshore stratigraphic wells were drilled to delineate carbon dioxide storage potential
.
Chevron owns a majority interest in ACES Delta, LLC, a joint venture developing the Advanced Clean Energy Storage Project in Delta, Utah. The project, currently under construction, is designed to produce hydrogen made from renewable energy, store that hydrogen in two salt caverns, and deliver it as needed to hydrogen-capable gas turbines to