of nonconvertible debt securities issued by Chevron Corporation or CUSA.
The major debt rating agencies routinely evaluate the company’s debt, and the company’s cost of borrowing can increase or decrease depending on these debt ratings. The company has outstanding bonds issued by Chevron Corporation, CUSA, Texaco Capital Inc. and Noble Energy, Inc. Most of these securities are the obligations of, or guaranteed by, Chevron Corporation and are rated AA- by Standard and Poor’s Corporation (S&P) and Aa2 by Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s). The company’s U.S. commercial paper is rated A-1+ by S&P and P-1 by Moody’s. All of these ratings denote high-quality, investment-grade securities.
The company’s future debt level is dependent primarily on results of operations, cash that may be generated from asset dispositions, the capital program, lending commitments to affiliates, and shareholder distributions. Based on its high-quality debt ratings, the company believes that it has substantial borrowing capacity to meet unanticipated cash requirements. During extended periods of low prices for crude oil and natural gas and narrow margins for refined products and commodity chemicals, the company has the flexibility to modify capital spending plans, discontinue or curtail the stock repurchase program, sell assets, and increase
38
Table of Contents
borrowings to continue paying the common stock dividend. The company remains committed to retaining high-quality debt ratings.
Summarized Financial Information for Guarantee of Securities of Subsidiaries
CUSA issued bonds that are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured basis by Chevron Corporation (together, the “Obligor Group”). The tables below contain summary financial information for Chevron Corporation, as Guarantor, excluding its consolidated subsidiaries, and CUSA, as the issuer, excluding its consolidated subsidiaries. The summary financial information of the Obligor Group is presented on a combined basis, and transactions between the combined entities have been eliminated. Financial information for non-guarantor entities has been excluded.
Common Stock Repurchase Program
On January 25, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of the company’s shares of common stock in an aggregate amount of $75 billion (the “2023 Program”). The 2023 Program took effect on April 1, 2023, and does not have a fixed expiration date. In the aggregate, the company has repurchased 195.8 million shares for $30.3 billion under the 2023 Program, including 25.0 million shares repurchased for $3.9 billion in first quarter 2025. Chevron expects share repurchases in the second quarter 2025 to be between $2.5-$3.0 billion.
Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market, by block purchases, in privately negotiated transactions or in such other manner as determined by the company. The timing of the repurchases and the actual amount repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the