by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The information required by Item 407(e)(5) of Regulation S-K and contained under the heading “Corporate Governance — Management Compensation Committee Report” in the 2025 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference into this
32
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC under the Exchange Act, the information under such caption incorporated by reference from the 2025 Proxy Statement shall not be deemed to be “soliciting material,” or to be “filed” with the Commission, or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C or the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K and contained under the heading “Stock Ownership Information — Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” in the 2025 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K and contained under the heading “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in the 2025 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by Item 404 of Regulation S-K and contained under the heading “Related Person Transactions” in the 2025 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The information required by Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K and contained under the heading “Corporate Governance — Director Independence” in the 2025 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
The information required by Item 9(e) of Schedule 14A and contained under the heading “Board Proposal to Ratify PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2025” in the 2025 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
33
34
Key Financial Results
Refer to the
Results of Operations
section for a discussion of financial results by major operating area for the three years ended December 31, 2024. Throughout the document, certain totals and percentages may not sum to their component parts due to rounding.
Business Environment and Outlook
Chevron Corporation is a global energy company with direct and indirect subsidiaries and affiliates that conduct substantial business activities in the following countries: Angola, Argentina, Australia, Bangladesh, Brazil, Canada, China, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Israel, Kazakhstan, Mexico, Nigeria, the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, the Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand, the United Kingdom, the United States and