based solutions with customers, suppliers, partners, and governments.
The standards and regulations for tracking, reporting, disclosing, marketing and advertising related to ESG matters are relatively new, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. Further, our selection of disclosure frameworks that seek to align with various voluntary reporting standards may change from time to time. Either of these circumstances may result in a lack of comparative data from period to period.
Our existing processes and controls may not align with evolving voluntary and mandatory standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics. Our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others, and such standards may change over time, including through non-public processes, any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals or reported progress in achieving such goals. For example, Chevron’s methane intensity target is calculated based on Compendium of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Methodologies for the Oil and Natural Gas Industry (2021), which requires use of local regulatory reporting methodologies where applicable. The U.S. EPA has adopted notable changes to reporting methodologies in its Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (40 C.F.R. Part 98.230), which are applicable to Chevron’s U.S. operations. We expect these adopted changes may increase our reported emissions in future years, and therefore, increase our reported methane intensity. In addition, Chevron participates, along with other companies, institutes, universities, trade associations and other organizations, in various initiatives, campaigns, and other projects that express various ambitions, aspirations and goals related to climate change, emissions and energy transition. Chevron’s individual ambitions, future performance or policies may differ from the ambitions of such organizations or the individual ambitions of other participants in these various initiatives, campaigns, and other projects, and Chevron may unilaterally change its individual ambitions. Achievement of or efforts to achieve ambitions such as the foregoing and future internal climate-related initiatives has, and may continue to, increase costs, and, in addition, may require purchase of carbon credits, or limit or impact the company’s business plans, operations and financial results, potentially resulting in reduction to the economic end-of-life of certain assets, impairing the associated net book value, among other material adverse impacts. Our failure or
26
perceived failure to pursue or fulfill such ambitions within the timelines we announce, or at all, or to satisfy various reporting standards and regulations could have a negative impact on the company’s reputation, investor sentiment, ratings outcomes for evaluating the company’s approach to ESG matters, stock price, and cost of capital and expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation, among other material adverse impacts.