BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL RISK FACTORS
Chevron is exposed to the effects of changing commodity prices
Chevron is primarily in a commodities business that has a history of price volatility. The most significant factor that affects the company’s results of operations are the prices of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids, which can be influenced by general economic conditions and level of economic
20
growth, including low or negative growth; industry production and inventory levels; technology advancements, including those in pursuit of a lower carbon economy; production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries or other producers; weather-related damage and disruptions due to other natural or human causes beyond our control; competing fuel prices; geopolitical risks; the pace of energy transition; customer and consumer preferences and the use of substitutes; and governmental regulations, policies and other actions regarding the development of oil and gas reserves, as well as greenhouse gas emissions and climate change. Chevron evaluates the risk of changing commodity prices as a core part of its business planning process. An investment in the company carries significant exposure to fluctuations in global prices of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids.
Extended periods of low prices for crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids can have a material adverse impact on the company’s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Among other things, the company’s upstream earnings, cash flows, and capital expenditure programs could be negatively affected, as could its production and proved reserves. Upstream assets may also become impaired. Downstream earnings could be negatively affected because they depend upon the supply and demand for refined products and the associated margins on refined product sales. A significant or sustained decline in liquidity could adversely affect the company’s credit ratings, potentially increase financing costs and reduce access to capital markets. The company may be unable to realize anticipated cost savings, expenditure reductions and asset sales that are intended to compensate for such downturns, and such downturns may also slow the pace and scale at which we are able to invest in our business, including our Chevron New Energies organization. In some cases, transferred liabilities, including for decommissioning of previously divested assets, have returned and may continue to return to the company when an acquirer of those assets subsequently defaults on the assumed transferred liabilities (e.g., bankruptcy). In addition, extended periods of low commodity prices can have a material adverse impact on the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity of the company’s suppliers, vendors, partners and equity affiliates upon which the company’s own results of operations and financial condition depend.
The scope of