company’s crude oil and natural gas properties and its refining, marketing, transportation, and chemicals facilities are described beginning on page 3 under Item 1. Business. Information required by Subpart 1200 of Regulation S-K (“Disclosure by Registrants Engaged in Oil and Gas Producing Activities”) is also contained in Item 1 and in Tables I through VII on pages 104 through 114 and
Note 18 Properties, Plant and Equipment
.
28
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
The following is a description of legal proceedings that involve governmental authorities as a party and the company reasonably believes would result in $1.0 million or more of monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, under federal, state and local laws that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or primarily for the purpose of protecting the environment.
As previously disclosed, on May 20, 2024, the New Mexico Environment Department issued a Notice of Violation (NOV) to Chevron for alleged violations of state and federal regulations of air quality between October 2022 and September 2023 at different Chevron facilities in New Mexico. Resolution of the alleged violations may result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more.
On May 26, 2023, Chevron’s refinery in El Segundo, California notified the U.S. EPA that it had inadvertently overstated the number of biofuel credits generated by co-processing in 2022 in violation of the Renewable Fuel Standard program. The parties began negotiating a resolution of the violation in October 2024. Resolution of the violation may result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more.
On October 31, 2024, California’s Bay Area Air District (formerly Bay Area Air Quality Management District) issued two NOVs for the alleged noncompliance with permit conditions that governed operation of certain equipment associated with low-NOx burners at the thermal oxidizers and stack gas heaters for sulfur recovery units 1 & 2 at Chevron’s refinery in Richmond, California. Resolution of the alleged violations may result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more.
As previously disclosed, in April 2015, Noble Energy, Inc. (Noble) entered into a joint consent decree (Consent Decree) with the United States Department of Justice, the U.S. EPA, and the State of Colorado to improve emission control systems at a number of condensate storage tanks within the Denver-Julesburg (DJ) Basin. The associated civil penalty was paid by Noble previously, and Chevron paid $1.5 million in stipulated penalties for noncompliance with the Consent Decree in August 2024. On December 20, 2024, the parties entered a joint stipulation terminating the Consent Decree, which was approved by the U.S. District Court. Accordingly, the Consent Decree has been terminated and no outstanding obligations remain.
Please see information related to other legal proceedings in
Note 16 Litigation
.
Item 4. Mine Safety