Financial and Derivative Instruments
for reclassified components of cash flow hedging.
(3)
Refer to
Note 8 Employee Benefits
for reclassified components, including amortization of actuarial gains or losses, amortization of prior service costs, and settlement losses, totaling $
36
that are included in employee benefit costs for the three months ended March 31, 2025. Related income taxes for the same period, totaling $
10
, are reflected in “Income Tax Expense (Benefit)” on the Consolidated Statement of Income. All other reclassified amounts were insignificant.
8
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
Note 3.
Information Relating to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
9
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows excludes changes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet that did not affect cash.
The “Other” line in the Operating Activities section includes changes in asset retirement obligations, abandonment and decommissioning obligations associated with previously sold assets, postretirement benefits obligations, and other long-term liabilities.
The company paid dividends of $
1.71
per share of common stock in first quarter 2025. This compares to dividends of $
1.63
per share paid in the year-ago corresponding period.
The components of “Capital expenditures” are presented in the following table:
The table below quantifies the beginning and ending balances of restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the Consolidated Balance Sheet:
Additional information related to restricted cash is included in
Note 13 Fair Value Measurements
under the heading “Restricted Cash.”
Note 4.
New Accounting Standards
Income Taxes (Topic 740) Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, which becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The standard requires companies to disclose specific categories in the income tax rate reconciliation table and the amount of income taxes paid per major jurisdiction. The company does not expect the standard to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements and continues to evaluate disclosure presentation alternatives.
Income Statement (Topic 220) Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, which becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. The standard requires companies to disclose disaggregated information about certain income statement expense line items. The company does not expect the standard to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements and has begun evaluating disclosure presentation alternatives.
10
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
Note 5.
Summarized Financial Data — Tengizchevroil LLP
Chevron has a
50