minimum funding standard. The company does not typically fund U.S. nonqualified pension plans that are not subject to funding requirements under laws and regulations because contributions to these pension plans may be less economic and investment returns may be less attractive than the company’s other investment alternatives.
The company also sponsors other postretirement employee benefit (OPEB) plans that provide medical and dental benefits, as well as life insurance for qualifying retired employees. The plans are unfunded, and the company and the retirees share the costs. For the company’s main U.S. medical plan, the increase to the pre-Medicare company contribution for retiree medical coverage is limited to no more than
four
percent each year. Certain life insurance benefits are paid by the company.
The components of net periodic benefit costs for 2025 and 2024 are as follows:
*  Includes costs for U.S. and international OPEB plans. Obligations for plans outside the United States are not significant relative to the company’s total OPEB obligation.
Through March 31, 2025, a total of $
263
million was contributed to employee pension plans (including $
235
million to the U.S. plans). Total contributions for the full year are currently estimated to be up to $
550
million ($
450
million for the U.S. plans and $
100
million for the international plans). Contribution amounts are dependent upon plan investment returns, changes in pension obligations, regulatory requirements, and other
15
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
economic factors. Additional funding may ultimately be required if investment returns are insufficient to offset increases in plan obligations.
During the first three months of 2025, the company contributed $
42
million to its OPEB plans.
Note 9.
Assets Held For Sale
At March 31, 2025, the company classified $
28
million net properties, plant and equipment as “Assets held for sale” on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. These assets are associated with downstream operations that are anticipated to be sold in the next 12 months. The revenues and earnings contributions of these assets in 2024 and the first three months of 2025 were not material.
Note 10.
Income Taxes
The income tax expense decreased $
300
million between quarterly periods from $
2.4
billion in 2024 to $
2.1
billion in 2025. The company’s income before income tax expense decreased $
2.3
billion from $
7.9
billion in 2024 to $
5.6
billion in 2025, primarily due to lower equity affiliate earnings, lower downstream margins, lower upstream realizations, unfavorable foreign currency effects, and lower upstream sales volumes. The company’s effective tax rate increased between quarterly periods from
30
percent in 2024 to
37
percent in 2025. The change in effective tax rate was primarily due to the absence of prior period favorable tax items, current period unfavorable tax items and mix effects, resulting from the absolute level of earnings