addition, litigation or changes in national, state or local environmental regulations or laws, including those
23
designed to stop or impede the development or production of oil and gas, such as those related to the use of hydraulic fracturing or bans on drilling, or any law or regulation that impacts the demand for our products, could adversely affect the company’s current or anticipated future operations and profitability.
Legislative or regulatory changes in tax laws may expose Chevron to additional tax liabilities
Changes in tax laws and regulations around the world are regularly enacted due to political or economic factors beyond the company’s control. Chevron’s taxes in the jurisdictions where the company conducts business activities have been and may be adversely affected by changes in tax laws or regulations, including but not limited to, substantive changes in, reductions in, or the repeal or expiration of, tax incentives. Furthermore, Chevron’s tax returns are subject to audit by taxing authorities around the world. There is no assurance that taxing authorities or courts will agree with the positions that Chevron has reflected on the company’s tax returns, in which case interest and penalties could be imposed that may have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations or financial condition.
During periods of high profitability for certain companies or industries, there are often calls for increased taxes on profits, often called “windfall profit” taxes. Governments in various jurisdictions, including California and Australia, have announced, proposed, or implemented windfall profit taxes for companies operating in the energy and oil and gas sectors. Such taxes may be imposed on us or may be increased in the future in these or other jurisdictions. The imposition of, or increase in, such windfall profit taxes could adversely affect the company’s current or anticipated future operations and profitability.
For information concerning the company’s tax liabilities, see
Note 17 Taxes
and
Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments
.
Legislation, regulation, and other government actions and shifting customer and consumer preferences and other private efforts related to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and climate change could continue to increase Chevron’s operational costs and reduce demand for Chevron’s hydrocarbon and other products, resulting in a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations and financial condition
Chevron has experienced and may be further challenged by increases in the impacts of international and domestic legislation, regulation, or other government actions relating to GHG emissions (e.g., carbon dioxide and methane) and climate change. International agreements and national, regional, and state legislation and regulatory measures that aim to directly or indirectly limit or reduce GHG emissions are in various stages of implementation.
Legislation, regulation, and other government