end of each of the three years 2022 through 2024 are shown in the following table:
*
Oil-equivalent conversion ratio is 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas = 1 barrel of crude oil
.
2
As used in this report, the term “project” may describe certain new upstream development activity, individual phases in a multiphase development, maintenance activities, existing assets, new investments in downstream and chemicals capacity, investments in emerging and lower carbon activities, and other activities. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of the term “project” as it relates to any specific governmental law or regulation.
6
Average Sales Prices and Production Costs per Unit of Production
Refer to
Table IV
for the company’s average sales price per barrel of crude (including crude oil and condensate) and natural gas liquids (NGLs) and per thousand cubic feet of natural gas produced, and the average production cost per oil-equivalent barrel for 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Gross and Net Productive Wells
The following table summarizes gross and net productive wells at year-end 2024 for the company and its affiliates:
Production Outlook
The company estimates its average worldwide oil-equivalent production in 2025 to increase six to eight percent over 2024, assuming a Brent crude oil price of $70 per barrel and excluding the impact of asset sales. This estimate is subject to many factors and uncertainties, as described beginning on page 40. Refer to the
Review of Ongoing Exploration and Production Activities in Key Areas
for a discussion of the company’s major crude oil and natural gas development projects.
Acreage
At December 31, 2024, the company owned or had under lease or similar agreements undeveloped and developed crude oil and natural gas properties throughout the world. The geographical distribution of the company’s acreage is shown in the following table:
7
Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas
The following table summarizes the net production of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas for 2024 and 2023 by the company and its affiliates. Worldwide oil-equivalent production of 3.3 million barrels per day in 2024 was up approximately seven percent from 2023, mainly due to the full-year of legacy PDC Energy, Inc. (PDC) production and growth in the Permian Basin. Refer to the
Results of Operations
section for a detailed discussion of the factors explaining the changes in production for liquids (including crude oil, condensate, NGLs and synthetic oil) and natural gas, and refer to
Table V
for information on annual production by geographical region.
Delivery Commitments
The company sells crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs from its producing operations under a variety of contractual obligations. Most contracts generally commit the company to sell quantities based on production from specified properties, but some NGLs and natural gas sales contracts specify delivery of fixed and determinable