23 Employee Benefit Plans
includes information on the funded status of the company’s pension and other post-employment benefit (OPEB) plans reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheet; the components of pension and OPEB expense reflected on the Consolidated Statement of Income; and the related underlying assumptions.
57
The determination of pension plan expense and obligations is based on a number of actuarial assumptions. Two critical assumptions are the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the discount rate applied to pension plan obligations. Critical assumptions in determining expense and obligations for OPEB plans, which provide for certain health care and life insurance benefits for qualifying retired employees and which are not funded, are the discount rate and the assumed health care cost-trend rates. Information related to the company’s processes to develop these assumptions is included in
Note 23 Employee Benefit Plans
under the relevant headings. Actual rates may vary significantly from estimates because of unanticipated changes beyond the company’s control.
For 2024, the company used an expected long-term rate of return of 7.0 percent and a discount rate for service costs of 5.0 percent and a discount rate for interest cost of 4.8 percent for the primary U.S. pension plan. The actual return for 2024 was 3.6 percent. For the 10 years ended December 31, 2024, actual asset returns averaged 4.9 percent for this plan. Additionally, with the exception of four years within this 10-year period, actual asset returns for this plan equaled or exceeded 7.0 percent during each year.
Total pension expense for 2024 was $551 million. An increase in the expected long-term return on plan assets or the discount rate would reduce pension plan expense, and vice versa. As an indication of the sensitivity of pension expense to the long-term rate of return assumption, a one percent increase in this assumption for the company’s primary U.S. pension plan, which accounted for about 63 percent of companywide pension expense, would have reduced total pension plan expense for 2024 by approximately $84 million. A one percent increase in the discount rates for this same plan would have reduced pension expense for 2024 by approximately $106 million.
The aggregate funded status recognized at December 31, 2024, was a net liability of approximately $0.8 billion. An increase in the discount rate would decrease the pension obligation, thus changing the funded status of a plan. At December 31, 2024, the company used a discount rate of 5.7 percent to measure the obligations for the primary U.S. pension plan. As an indication of the sensitivity of pension liabilities to the discount rate assumption, a 0.25 percent increase in the discount rate applied to the company’s primary U.S. pension plan, which accounted for about 66 percent of the companywide pension obligation, would have reduced the plan obligation by approximately $261 million, and would have