or losses and whether they arose in higher or lower tax rate jurisdictions.
The company engages in ongoing discussions with tax authorities regarding the resolution of tax matters in various jurisdictions. Both the outcome of these tax matters and the timing of resolution and/or closure of the tax audits are highly uncertain. Given the number of years that still remain subject to examination and the number of matters being examined in the various tax jurisdictions, the company is unable to estimate the range of possible adjustments to the balance of unrecognized tax benefits.
16
Table of Contents
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)
Note 11.
Litigation
Climate Change
Governmental and other plaintiffs in various jurisdictions across the United States have brought legal proceedings against fossil fuel producing companies, including Chevron entities, purporting to seek legal and equitable relief to address alleged impacts of climate change. Chevron entities are or were among the codefendants in
33
separate lawsuits filed by various U.S. cities and counties,
five
U.S. states, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico,
two
Native American tribes, and a trade group in both federal and state courts.
1
The lawsuits have asserted various causes of action, including public nuisance, private nuisance, failure to warn, fraud, conspiracy to commit fraud, design defect, product defect, trespass, negligence, impairment of public trust, equitable relief for pollution, impairment and destruction of natural resources, unjust enrichment, violations of consumer and environmental protection statutes, violations of unfair competition statutes, violations of a federal antitrust statute, and violations of federal and state RICO statutes, based upon, among other things, the company’s production of oil and gas products and alleged misrepresentations or omissions relating to climate change risks associated with those products. Further such proceedings are likely to be brought by other parties. While defendants have sought to remove cases filed in state court to federal court, most of those cases have been remanded to state court and the U.S. Supreme Court has denied petitions for writ of certiorari on jurisdictional questions to date. The U.S. Supreme Court has also denied petitions for certiorari to review a decision from the Hawaii Supreme Court allowing claims brought by the City and County of Honolulu to proceed past the pleadings. The unprecedented legal theories set forth in these proceedings include claims for damages (both compensatory and punitive), injunctive and other forms of equitable relief, including without limitation abatement, contribution to abatement funds, disgorgement of profits and equitable relief for pollution, impairment and destruction of natural resources, civil penalties and liability for fees and costs of suits. Due to the unprecedented nature of the suits, the company is unable to estimate any range of