company has an automatic shelf registration statement that expires in November 2027 for an unspecified amount of nonconvertible debt securities issued by Chevron Corporation or Chevron U.S.A. Inc. (CUSA).
48
The major debt rating agencies routinely evaluate the company’s debt, and the company’s cost of borrowing can increase or decrease depending on these debt ratings. The company has outstanding public bonds issued by Chevron Corporation, CUSA, Noble Energy, Inc. (Noble), and Texaco Capital Inc. Most of these securities are the obligations of, or guaranteed by, Chevron Corporation and are rated AA- by Standard and Poor’s Corporation and Aa2 by Moody’s Investors Service. The company’s U.S. commercial paper is rated A-1+ by Standard and Poor’s and P-1 by Moody’s. All of these ratings denote high-quality, investment-grade securities.
The company’s future debt level is dependent primarily on results of operations, cash that may be generated from asset dispositions, the capital program, acquisitions, investments, lending commitments to affiliates and cash returned to shareholders. Based on its high-quality debt ratings, the company believes that it has substantial borrowing capacity to meet unanticipated cash requirements. During extended periods of low prices for crude oil and natural gas and narrow margins for refined products and commodity chemicals, the company has the ability to modify its capital spending plans and discontinue or curtail the stock repurchase program. This provides the flexibility to continue paying the common stock dividend and remain committed to retaining the company’s high-quality debt ratings.
Committed Credit Facilities
Information related to committed credit facilities is included in
Note 19 Short-Term Debt
.
Summarized Financial Information for Guarantee of Securities of Subsidiaries
CUSA issued bonds that are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured basis by Chevron Corporation (together, the “Obligor Group”). The tables below contain summary financial information for Chevron Corporation, as Guarantor, excluding its consolidated subsidiaries, and CUSA, as the issuer, excluding its consolidated subsidiaries. The summary financial information of the Obligor Group is presented on a combined basis, and transactions between the combined entities have been eliminated. Financial information for non-guarantor entities has been excluded. In the year ended December 31, 2024, the Obligor Group recognized an increase in “Net income (loss)” and reduction in “Current liability - related party” and “Total net equity (deficit)” following the resolution of outstanding balances with subsidiaries outside of the Obligor Group.
49
Common Stock Repurchase Program
On January 25, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of the company’s shares of common stock in an aggregate amount of $75 billion (the “2023 Program”). The 2023 Program took effect on April 1, 2023, and does not have a fixed expiration date. During