domestic crude oil in its U.S. refining operations. Imported crude oil accounted for approximately 60 percent of Chevron’s U.S. refinery inputs in both 2024 and 2023.
In the United States, the company continued work on projects aimed at improving refinery flexibility and reliability. In 2024, the company completed the upgrade of the Pasadena Refinery, which is expected to increase light crude oil throughput capacity to 125,000 barrels per day with a phased start-up through first-quarter 2025. This project should allow the company to process more equity crude from the Permian Basin, supply more products to customers in the U.S. Gulf Coast and realize synergies with the company’s Pascagoula Refinery.
Outside the United States, the company has interests in three large refineries in Singapore, South Korea and Thailand. Singapore Refining Company (SRC), a 50 percent-owned joint venture, has a total capacity of 290,000 barrels of crude per day and manufactures a wide range of petroleum products. The 50 percent-owned GS Caltex (GSC) Yeosu Refinery in South Korea remains one of the world’s largest refineries with a total crude capacity of 800,000 barrels per day. The company’s 60.6 percent-owned refinery in Thailand, Star Petroleum Refining Public Company Limited (SPRC), continues to supply high-quality petroleum products into regional markets.
Renewable Fuels
The company develops and produces renewable fuels, including but not limited to renewable diesel, renewable gasoline, biodiesel, sustainable aviation fuel and renewable natural gas (RNG).
Chevron owns and operates 11 biofuel refineries located in the U.S. and Germany, eight biofuel refineries producing biodiesel and one producing renewable diesel, with two refineries idled in 2024. Expansion work at the Geismar renewable diesel plant in Louisiana to increase production capacity from 7,000 to 22,000 barrels per day is in final commissioning stage, with startup expected in first quarter 2025.
Chevron holds a 50 percent working interest in Bunge Chevron Ag Renewables LLC, which
produces soybean oil from processing facilities in Destrehan, Louisiana, and Cairo, Illinois. Soybean oil can be used as a renewable feedstock to make renewable diesel, biodiesel and sustainable aviation fuel. In 2024, FID was taken to build a new oilseed processing plant in Louisiana.
17
The company continues to advance its dairy biomethane activities through Brightmark RNG Holdings LLC (Brightmark), CalBioGas LLC, and CalBioGas Hilmar LLC. In 2024, Brightmark announced the inauguration of its Eloy Renewable Natural Gas center in Arizona and also achieved commercial operations at ten additional projects across Iowa, Michigan, Ohio, South Dakota and Wisconsin. These facilities utilize anaerobic digesters to capture methane from dairy farms and transform manure into pipeline quality fuel, fertilizer and water. In California, commercial operations began in 2024 at the central gas processing facility for CalBioGas Hilmar LLC, the