reinvested indefinitely, or where no taxable temporary differences exist that are attributable to an investment in a foreign entity. The indefinite reinvestment assertion continues to apply for the purpose of determining deferred tax liabilities for U.S. state and foreign withholding tax purposes. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of state and foreign withholding taxes that might be payable on the possible remittance of earnings that are intended to be reinvested indefinitely. The company does not anticipate incurring significant additional taxes on remittances of earnings that are not indefinitely reinvested.
Uncertain Income Tax Positions
The company recognizes a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management’s assessment is that the position is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be allowed by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term “tax position” in the accounting standards for income taxes refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for interim or annual periods.
The following table indicates the changes to the company’s unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. The term “unrecognized tax benefits” in the accounting standards for income taxes refers to the
88
differences between a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the benefit measured and recognized in the financial statements. Interest and penalties are not included.
Approximately
76
percent of the $
4,852
of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2024, would have an impact on the effective tax rate if subsequently recognized. Certain of these unrecognized tax benefits relate to tax carryforwards that may require a full valuation allowance at the time of any such recognition.
The company and its subsidiaries are subject to income taxation and audits throughout the world. With certain exceptions, income tax examinations are completed through 2016 for the United States and 2007 for other major jurisdictions.
The company engages in ongoing discussions with tax authorities regarding the resolution of tax matters in the various jurisdictions. Both the outcome of these tax matters and the timing of resolution and/or closure of the tax audits are highly uncertain. Of the amount of unrecognized tax benefits the company has identified as of December 31, 2024, it is reasonably possible that developments on tax matters in certain tax jurisdictions may result in decreases of approximately
68
percent within the next 12 months. Given the number of years that still remain subject to examination and the number of matters being examined in the various tax jurisdictions, the company is unable to estimate the range of possible adjustments to the balance of