hydrogen and its derivatives such as ammonia, carbon emissions management through carbon capture and offsets, and power generation for data centers. The company is also pursuing opportunities in other emerging areas, including enhanced geothermal to deliver non-intermittent lower carbon power, and lithium extraction and production for battery and other applications.
Environmental Protection
The company designs, operates and maintains its facilities to avoid potential spills or leaks and to minimize the impact of those that may occur. Chevron requires its facilities and operations to have operating standards and processes and emergency response plans that address significant risks identified through site-specific risk and impact assessments. Chevron also requires that sufficient resources be available to execute these plans. In the unlikely event that a major spill or leak occurs, Chevron also maintains a Worldwide Emergency Response Team comprised of employees who are trained in various aspects of emergency response, including post-incident remediation.
To complement the company’s capabilities, Chevron maintains active membership in international oil spill response cooperatives, including the Marine Spill Response Corporation, which operates in U.S. territorial waters, and Oil Spill Response, Ltd., which operates globally. The company is a founding member of the Marine Well Containment Company, whose primary mission is to expediently deploy containment equipment and systems to capture and contain crude oil in the unlikely event of a future loss of control of a deepwater well in the Gulf of America. In addition, the company is a member of the Subsea Well Response Project, which has the objective to further develop the industry’s capability to contain and shut in subsea well control incidents in different regions of the world.
The company aims to lower the carbon intensity of its oil and gas operations and comply with the related laws and regulations to which it is subject. Refer to
Item 1A. Risk Factors
for further discussion of government action with respect to greenhouse gas and climate change and the associated risks to Chevron’s business. Refer to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations
Business Environment and Outlook
on pages 35 through 37 for further discussion of climate change related trends and uncertainties.
Refer to
Management
’
s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations
on pages 55 through 56 for additional information on environmental matters and their impact on Chevron, and on the company’s 2024 environmental expenditures. Refer to page 54 through 55 and
Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments
for a discussion of environmental remediation provisions and year-end reserves.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
As a global energy company, Chevron is subject to a variety of risks that could materially impact the company’s results of operations and financial condition.