information and documentary materials (Second Request) from the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Following the FTC review of the transaction, on September 30, 2024, the FTC announced that a majority of the Commission voted to accept a consent agreement among the FTC,
22
Chevron and Hess, resolving the concerns the FTC identified during its review of the transaction. Chevron and Hess have taken and will continue to take appropriate steps to maintain our ability under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act of 1976, as amended, to close the merger following satisfactory resolution of the ongoing arbitration proceedings regarding preemptive rights in the Stabroek Block joint operating agreement. Additionally, if any Guyanese governmental body, agency or authority of competent jurisdiction asserts that its approval is required as a result of the consequences of the merger in Guyana on Hess’ assets in Guyana (which has not occurred as of the filing date of this report), approval of such governmental body, agency or authority will become a condition to each party’s obligation to complete the merger.
The failure to satisfy all of the required conditions could delay the completion of the acquisition for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring at all. A failure to complete the acquisition would mean that we will not realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction. In addition, the terms and conditions of the required regulatory authorizations and consents for the acquisition that are granted, if any, may impose requirements, limitations or costs or place restrictions on the conduct of the company’s business after the transaction or materially delay the completion of the acquisition. A delay in completing the acquisition could cause the company to realize some or all of the benefits later than we otherwise expect to realize them if the acquisition is successfully completed within the anticipated timeframe, which could result in additional transaction costs or in other negative effects associated with uncertainty about completion of the acquisition.
Acquisitions may cause Chevron’s financial results to differ from the company’s expectations or the expectations of the investment community, the company may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, and the acquisition may disrupt the company’s current plans or operations
The success of the pending acquisition of Hess will depend, in part, on Chevron’s ability to successfully integrate the business of Hess and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies. Difficulties in integrating Hess may result in the failure to realize anticipated synergies in the expected timeframes, in operational challenges, and in the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business concerns, as well as in unforeseen expenses associated with the acquisition, which may have an adverse impact on the company’s financial results.
LEGAL, REGULATORY AND ESG-RELATED RISK FACTORS
Chevron’s business