generate power. The project is expected to be commercially operational in 2025.
Other Americas
“Other Americas” includes Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Mexico, Suriname, Uruguay and Venezuela. Acreage for “Other Americas” can be found in the
Acreage
table. Net daily oil-equivalent production from these countries can be found in the
Net Production of Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas
table.
11
Argentina
Chevron has a 50 percent nonoperated interest in the Loma Campana and Narambuena concessions in the Vaca Muerta shale. At Loma Compana, 48 horizontal wells were drilled in 2024, with 46 wells in total put on production. This concession expires in 2048, and the Narambuena concession expires in 2027.
Chevron owns and operates a 100 percent interest in the El Trapial Field with conventional waterflood. The conventional field concession expires in 2032. Chevron also owns and operates a 100 percent interest in the east area of the El Trapial Field in the Vaca Muerta shale formation for unconventional development. In 2024, Chevron continued development on its unconventional resources
with one drilling rig. The unconventional concession expires in 2057.
Chevron has a 14 percent interest in a pipeline system that provides an important export route for Argentina’s crude oil. During 2024, a majority of the company’s exported crude oil was transported through this pipeline system.  Chevron is currently evaluating other strategic alternatives to increase its export capacity in the country.
Brazil
Chevron holds 35 percent nonoperated interests in two blocks in the Campos Basin, following the relinquishment of two blocks in 2024. Chevron secured 15 additional exploration blocks in the South Santos and Pelotas basins in 2024.
Canada
Upstream interests in Canada are concentrated in the offshore Atlantic region of Newfoundland and Labrador. The company also has interests in the Northeast British Columbia and the Beaufort Sea region of the Northwest Territories.
Chevron has a 26.9 percent nonoperated working interest in the Hibernia Field and a 24.1 percent nonoperated working interest in the unitized Hibernia Southern Extension areas offshore Atlantic Canada. The company has a 29.6 percent nonoperated working interest in the Hebron Field, also offshore Atlantic Canada.
In December 2024, the company sold its 20 percent nonoperated working interest in the Athabasca Oil Sands Project and associated Quest carbon capture and storage project in Alberta, as well as its operated assets in the Duvernay shale.
Colombia
Chevron has a 40 percent-owned and operated interest in the offshore Colombia-3 Block.
Mexico
All blocks in which Chevron has a participating interest are in the process of being relinquished to the government.
Suriname
Chevron has a 40 percent-owned and operated working interest in Block 5 and an 80 percent-owned and operated interest in the shallow water Block 7. Chevron also holds a 33.3 percent nonoperated working interest in deepwater