one-day holding period, from the effect of adverse changes in market conditions on derivative commodity instruments held or issued. Based on these inputs, the VaR for the company’s primary risk exposures in the area of derivative commodity instruments at December 31, 2024 and 2023 was not material to the company’s cash flows or results of operations.
Foreign Currency
The company may enter into foreign currency derivative contracts to manage some of its foreign currency exposures. These exposures include revenue and anticipated purchase transactions, including foreign currency capital expenditures and lease commitments. The foreign currency derivative contracts, if any, are recorded at fair value on the balance sheet with resulting gains and losses reflected in income. There were no open foreign currency derivative contracts at December 31, 2024.
Interest Rates
The company may enter into interest rate swaps from time to time as part of its overall strategy to manage the interest rate risk on its debt. Interest rate swaps, if any, are recorded at fair value on the balance sheet with resulting gains and losses reflected in income. At year-end 2024, the company had no interest rate swaps.
Transactions With Related Parties
Chevron enters into a number of business arrangements with related parties, principally its equity affiliates. These arrangements include long-term supply or offtake agreements and long-term purchase agreements. Refer to “Other Information” in
Note 15 Investments and Advances
for further discussion. Management believes these agreements have been negotiated on terms consistent with those that would have been negotiated with an unrelated party.
Litigation and Other Contingencies
Climate Change
Information related to climate change-related matters is included in
Note 16 Litigation
under the heading “Climate Change.”
Louisiana
Information related to Louisiana coastal matters is included in
Note 16 Litigation
under the heading “Louisiana.”
Environmental
The following table displays the annual changes to the company’s before-tax environmental remediation reserves, including those for U.S. federal Superfund sites and analogous sites under state laws.
The company records asset retirement obligations when there is a legal obligation associated with the retirement of long-lived assets and the liability can be reasonably estimated. These asset retirement obligations include costs related to environmental issues. The liability balance of approximately $12.7 billion for asset retirement obligations at year-end 2024 is related primarily to upstream properties.
54
For the company’s other ongoing operating assets, such as refineries and chemicals facilities, no provisions are made for exit or cleanup costs that may be required when such assets reach the end of their useful lives unless a decision to sell or otherwise decommission the facility has been made, as the indeterminate settlement dates for the asset retirements prevent estimation of the