“critical” accounting estimates and assumptions is according to the disclosure guidelines of the SEC, wherein:
1.
the nature of the estimates and assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters, or the susceptibility of such matters to change; and
2.
the impact of the estimates and assumptions on the company’s financial condition or operating performance is material.
The development and selection of accounting estimates and assumptions, including those deemed “critical,” and the associated disclosures in this discussion have been discussed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The areas of accounting and the associated “critical” estimates and assumptions made by the company are as follows:
Oil and Gas Reserves
Crude oil, NGLs and natural gas reserves are estimates of future production that impact certain asset and expense accounts included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Proved reserves are the estimated quantities of oil and gas that geoscience and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be economically producible in the future under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations. Proved reserves include both developed and undeveloped volumes. Proved developed reserves represent volumes expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods. Proved undeveloped reserves are volumes expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled proved acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. Variables impacting Chevron’s estimated volumes of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas reserves include field performance, available technology, commodity prices, and development, production and carbon costs.
The estimates of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas reserves are important to the timing of expense recognition for costs incurred and to the valuation of certain oil and gas producing assets. Impacts of oil and gas reserves on Chevron’s Consolidated Financial Statements, using the successful efforts method of accounting, include the following:
1.
Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization (DD&A) - Capitalized exploratory drilling and development costs are depreciated on a unit-of-production (UOP) basis using proved developed reserves. Acquisition costs of proved properties are amortized on a UOP basis using total proved reserves. During 2024, Chevron’s UOP DD&A for oil and gas properties was $13.0 billion, and proved developed reserves at the beginning of 2024 were 6.8 billion barrels for consolidated companies. If the estimates of proved reserves used in the UOP calculations for consolidated operations had been lower by five percent across all oil and gas properties, UOP DD&A in 2024 would have increased by approximately $700 million.
2.
Impairment - Oil and gas reserves are used in assessing oil and gas producing properties for