to deliver operational excellence by prioritizing the safety and health of its workforce, and the protection of communities, the environment and the company’s assets.
Additionally, the company offers long-standing employee support programs such as Ombuds, an independent resource designed to equip employees with options to address and resolve workplace issues; a company hotline, where employees can report concerns to the Corporate Compliance department; and an Employee Assistance Program, a confidential consulting service that can help employees resolve a broad range of personal, family and work-related concerns.
5
Description of Business and Properties
The upstream and downstream activities of the company and its equity affiliates are widely dispersed geographically, with operations and projects
2
in North America, South America, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia. These activities are managed by the Oil, Products and Gas organization. Tabulations of segment income statements for the three years ended December 31, 2024, and assets as of the end of 2024 and 2023 — for the United States and the company’s international geographic areas — are in
Note 14 Operating Segments and Geographic Data
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Similar comparative data for the company’s investments in and income from equity affiliates and property, plant and equipment are in
Note 15 Investments and Advances
and
Note 18 Property, Plant and Equipment
. Refer to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the company’s
Capital Expenditures
.
Upstream
Reserves
Refer to
Table V
for a tabulation of the company’s proved reserves by geographic area for each year-end from 2022 through 2024. Reserves governance, technologies used in establishing proved reserves additions, and major changes to proved reserves by geographic area for the three-year period ended December 31, 2024, are summarized in the discussion for Table V. Discussion is also provided regarding the nature of, status of, and planned future activities associated with the development of proved undeveloped reserves. The company recognizes reserves for projects with various development periods, sometimes exceeding five years. The external factors that impact the duration of a project include scope and complexity, remoteness or adverse operating conditions, infrastructure constraints, and contractual limitations.
The company’s proved reserves at year-end 2024 were approximately 9.8 billion barrels of oil-equivalent (BOE). The largest reductions from year-end 2023 were from record production and the sale of assets in Canada, and the largest additions were from extensions and discoveries in the Permian and DJ Basins. At December 31, 2024, 41 percent of the company’s net proved oil-equivalent reserves were located in the United States, 16 percent were located in Australia and 13 percent were located in Kazakhstan.
The net proved reserve balances at the