had entered into a definitive merger agreement with Hess Corporation. Refer to
Note 30. Agreement to Acquire Hess Corporation
for additional information.
38
Other Impacts
The company closely monitors developments in the financial and credit markets, the level of worldwide economic activity, and the implications for the company of movements in prices for crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids (NGLs). Management takes these developments into account in the conduct of daily operations and for business planning.
In fourth quarter 2024, the company announced plans to achieve $2-3 billion in structural cost reductions by the end of 2026. These cost savings will largely come from optimizing the portfolio, leveraging technology to enhance productivity, and changing how and where work is performed, including expanded use of global capability centers. In relation to these efforts, the company recognized a restructuring charge of $715 million after tax in fourth quarter 2024, with associated cash outflows anticipated over the next two years. The company continues to evaluate incremental cost reduction opportunities and could incur additional restructuring and reorganization charges in future periods. This will have an impact on the company’s pension and Other Post-Employment Benefit (OPEB) plans; however, the impact is not yet estimable and any impacts will be recognized in future periods.
Earnings trends for the company’s major business areas are described as follows:
Upstream
Earnings for the upstream segment are closely aligned with industry prices for crude oil, natural gas and NGLs. These prices are subject to external factors over which the company has no control, including product demand connected with global economic conditions, industry production and inventory levels, technology advancements, production quotas or other actions imposed by OPEC+ countries, actions of regulators, weather-related damage and disruptions, competing fuel prices, natural and human causes beyond the company’s control, and regional supply interruptions or fears thereof that may be caused by military conflicts, civil unrest or political uncertainty. Any of these factors could also inhibit the company’s production capacity in an affected region. The company closely monitors developments in the countries in which it operates and holds investments and seeks to manage risks in operating its facilities and businesses.
The longer-term trend in earnings for the upstream segment is also a function of other factors, including the company’s ability to efficiently find, acquire and produce crude oil, natural gas and NGLs, changes in fiscal terms of contracts, the pace of energy transition, and changes in tax, environmental and other applicable laws and regulations.
In April 2024, Tengizchevroil LLP (TCO) achieved start-up of the Wellhead Pressure Management Project (WPMP) and at year-end 2024, all four pressure boost facility compressors are online and all metering stations