CPChem Beringen, Belgium site in first-half 2025.
Chevron is also involved in the petrochemical business through the operations of GSC, the company’s 50 percent-owned affiliate in South Korea. GSC manufactures aromatics, including benzene, toluene and xylene. These base chemicals are used to produce a range of products, including adhesives, plastics and textile fibers. GSC also produces olefins, which are used to make automotive and home appliance parts, food packaging, laboratory equipment, building materials, adhesives, paint and textiles.
Transportation
Pipelines
Chevron owns and operates a network of crude oil, natural gas and product pipelines and other infrastructure assets in the United States. In addition, Chevron operates pipelines for its 50 percent-owned CPChem affiliate. The company also has direct and indirect interests in other U.S. and international pipelines.
Refer to
Nigeria
and
Kazakhstan/Russia
in the Upstream section for information on the West African Gas Pipeline and the Caspian Pipeline Consortium.
Shipping
The company’s marine fleet includes both U.S. and foreign flagged vessels. The operated fleet consists of conventional crude tankers, product carriers and LNG vessels. These vessels transport crude oil, LNG, refined products and feedstock in support of the company’s global upstream and downstream businesses. In 2024, Chevron announced plans to install a hard-sail wind-assisted propulsion system on a new time-chartered LNG carrier to reduce carbon intensity, with an expected delivery in 2026.
Other Businesses
Chevron Technical Center
The company aims to scale affordable, innovative technology solutions to support a sustainable, resilient energy system. Chevron Technical Center (CTC) conducts research, develops and qualifies technology and provides technical services and competency development in support of business outcomes. Areas of expertise include earth sciences, reservoir and production engineering, facilities engineering, reserve governance and reporting, capital projects, drilling and completions, innovation, technology ventures, catalyst and process technology, technical computing and digital and data science. In 2024, Chevron announced the establishment of an engineering and innovation center in India to provide technical and digital solutions for the enterprise.
CTC includes the company’s information technology organization, which
integrates computing, data management and analytics, cybersecurity and other key infrastructure technologies to provide a digital foundation to enable Chevron’s global operations, projects and business processes.
The company is focused on technologies that are ready to adopt and scale today, as well as breakthrough technologies in support of its oil, natural gas and products and new energies businesses, including shale and tight recovery, deepwater development, lowering the carbon intensity of heavy oil, advancing facilities of the future, renewable fuels, carbon capture utilization