The decrease was primarily due to asset sales in Canada and Republic of Congo, and withdrawal from Myanmar, partly offset by higher production in Kazakhstan following the start-up of the FGP project at TCO.
Downstream
Three Month Periods Ended March 31, 2025 and 2024
U.S. downstream earnings decreased by $350 million primarily due to lower margins on refined product sales of $230 million and a legal reserve of $170 million.
Refinery crude unit inputs were up 140,000 barrels per day, or 16 percent, primarily due to improved refinery reliability at the El Segundo, California refinery, the absence of a planned shutdown at the Pascagoula, Mississippi refinery, and increased capacity at the Pasadena, Texas refinery upon completion of the Light Tight Oil project.
Refined product sales were up 45,000 barrels per day, or 4 percent compared to the year-ago period primarily due to higher demand for gasoline.
Three Month Periods Ended March 31, 2025 and 2024
International downstream earnings decreased by $108 million primarily due to lower margins on refined product sales of $70 million. Foreign currency effects had a less favorable impact on earnings of $53 million between periods.
Refinery crude unit inputs were down 33,000 barrels per day, or 5 percent, primarily due to a planned turnaround at the GS Caltex refinery in South Korea.
Refined product sales were down 32,000 barrels per day, or 2 percent, compared to the year-ago period.
All Other
Three Month Periods Ended March 31, 2025 and 2024
Net charges increased by $62 million primarily due to higher operating and interest expenses, partly offset by a favorable fair market valuation adjustment for Hess common stock.
33
Table of Contents
Consolidated Statement of Income
Explanations of variations between periods for selected income statement categories are provided below:
Sales and other operating revenues for first quarter 2025 decreased mainly due to lower refined product and crude oil prices, partially offset by higher natural gas prices and higher crude oil and refined product sales volumes.
Income from equity affiliates in first quarter 2025 decreased mainly due to lower upstream-related earnings from TCO in Kazakhstan primarily due to higher depreciation, depletion and amortization, and lower downstream-related earnings from GS Caltex in South Korea and CPChem primarily due to lower downstream margins.
Other income for first quarter 2025 slightly decreased primarily due to an unfavorable swing in foreign currency effects partially offset by a favorable fair value adjustment for the investment in Hess common stock.
Purchased crude oil and products increased for first quarter 2025 primarily due to higher natural gas prices and higher crude oil prices and volume, partially offset by lower refined product prices and volume.
Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses in first quarter 2025 increased slightly, mainly due to higher legal reserves, partly offset by lower expenses mainly from