increased the plan’s surplus from $573 million to $834 million.
For the company’s OPEB plans, expense for 2024 was $91 million, and the total liability, all unfunded at the end of 2024, was $1.9 billion. For the primary U.S. OPEB plan, the company used a discount rate for service cost of 5.1 percent and a discount rate for interest cost of 4.9 percent to measure expense in 2024, and a 5.6 percent discount rate to measure the benefit obligations at December 31, 2024. Discount rate changes, similar to those used in the pension sensitivity analysis, resulted in an immaterial impact on 2024 OPEB expense and OPEB liabilities at the end of 2024.
Differences between the various assumptions used to determine expense and the funded status of each plan and actual experience are included in actuarial gain/loss. Refer to page 95 in
Note 23 Employee Benefit Plans
for more information on the $3.2 billion of before-tax actuarial losses recorded by the company as of December 31, 2024. In addition, information related to company contributions is included on page 98 in
Note 23 Employee Benefit Plans
under the heading “Cash Contributions and Benefit Payments.”
Contingent Losses
Management also makes judgments and estimates in recording liabilities for claims, litigation, tax matters, transferred liabilities from previously divested assets, and environmental remediation. Actual costs can frequently vary from estimates for a variety of reasons. For example, the costs for settlement of claims and litigation can vary from estimates based on differing interpretations of laws, opinions on culpability and assessments on the amount of damages. The costs for decommissioning obligations for previously divested assets can also vary from estimates. Recording of liabilities for such costs typically requires judgment to assess the likelihood of decommissioning obligations reverting to the company, the timing of decommissioning activity, regulatory requirements and the scope of decommissioning activities. Similarly, liabilities for environmental remediation are subject to change because of changes in laws, regulations and their interpretation, the determination of additional information on the extent and nature of site contamination, and improvements in technology.
Under the accounting rules, a liability is generally recorded for these types of contingencies if management determines the loss to be both probable and estimable. The company generally reports these losses as “Operating expenses,” “Selling, general and administrative expenses” or “Other income (loss)” on the Consolidated Statement of Income. An exception to this handling is for income tax matters, for which benefits are recognized only if management determines the tax position is more likely than not (i.e., likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be allowed by the tax jurisdiction. For additional discussion of income tax uncertainties, refer to
Note 24 Other Contingencies and Commitments
under the heading “Income