materially impact the company’s results of operations or financial condition. Information about risk factors for the three months ended March 31, 2025, does not differ materially from that set forth under the heading “Risk Factors” on pages 20 through 27 of the company’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than as reflected in the risk factor below.
Chevron may not complete the acquisition of Hess Corporation within the time frame the company anticipates or at all, which could have adverse effects on Chevron
The completion of the acquisition of Hess Corporation (Hess) is subject to a number of conditions, including approval of any Guyanese governmental body, agency or authority that asserts its approval is required in connection with the transaction, which makes the completion and timing of the completion of the merger uncertain.
Hess Guyana Exploration Limited (HGEL), a wholly owned subsidiary of Hess, is currently in arbitration with respect to the right of first refusal (Stabroek ROFR) contained in an operating agreement among HGEL, affiliates of Exxon Mobil Corporation (Exxon), and China National Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC) regarding the Stabroek Block offshore Guyana. The arbitration merits hearing about the applicability of the Stabroek ROFR to the merger has been scheduled for May 2025, with a decision expected in approximately the following three months. If the arbitration does not result in a confirmation that the Stabroek ROFR is inapplicable to the merger, and if Chevron, Hess, Exxon and/or CNOOC do not otherwise agree upon an acceptable resolution, then there would be a failure of a closing condition under the merger agreement, in which case the merger would not close.
On December 7, 2023, Chevron and Hess each received a request for additional information and documentary materials (Second Request) from the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Following the FTC review of the transaction, on September 30, 2024, the FTC announced that a majority of the Commission voted to accept a consent agreement among the FTC, Chevron and Hess, resolving the concerns the FTC identified during its review of the transaction. On January 16, 2025, a majority of the FTC voted to finalize the consent order entered on September 30, 2024. Chevron and Hess filed a petition to set aside the consent order on March 27, 2025, which, if granted, would remove the restriction of John Hess serving on Chevron’s Board while maintaining Chevron’s clearance to close the transaction. Chevron and Hess have taken and will continue to take appropriate steps to maintain our ability under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act of 1976, as amended, to close the merger following satisfactory resolution of the ongoing arbitration proceedings regarding preemptive rights in the Stabroek Block joint operating agreement. Additionally, if any Guyanese governmental body, agency or authority of competent jurisdiction asserts that its approval is required as a result of the consequences of the