the normal costs of doing business. However, it is not possible to predict with certainty the amount of additional investments in new or existing technology or facilities or the amounts of increased operating costs to be incurred in the future to prevent, control, reduce or eliminate releases of hazardous materials or other pollutants into the environment; remediate and restore areas damaged by prior releases of hazardous materials; or comply with new environmental laws or regulations. Although these costs may be significant to the results of operations in any single period, the company does not presently expect them to have a material adverse effect on the company’s liquidity or financial position.
Accidental leaks and spills requiring cleanup may occur in the ordinary course of business. The company may incur expenses for corrective actions at various owned and previously owned facilities and at third-party-owned waste disposal sites used by the company. An obligation may arise when operations are closed or sold or at non-Chevron sites where company products have been handled or disposed of. Most of the expenditures to fulfill these obligations relate to facilities and sites where past operations followed practices and procedures that were considered acceptable at the time but now require investigative or remedial work or both to meet current standards.
Using definitions and guidelines established by the American Petroleum Institute, Chevron estimated its worldwide environmental spending in 2024 at approximately $2.5 billion for its consolidated companies. Included in these expenditures were approximately $0.6 billion of environmental capital expenditures and $1.9 billion of costs associated
55
with the prevention, control, abatement or elimination of hazardous substances and pollutants from operating, closed or divested sites, and the decommissioning and restoration of sites.
For 2025, total worldwide environmental capital expenditures are estimated at $0.6 billion. These capital costs are in addition to the ongoing costs of complying with environmental regulations and the costs to remediate previously contaminated sites.
Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions
Management makes many estimates and assumptions in the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) that may have a material impact on the company’s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures and on the comparability of such information over different reporting periods. Such estimates and assumptions affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Estimates and assumptions are based on management’s experience and other information available prior to the issuance of the financial statements. Materially different results can occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known.
The discussion in this section of