credits; and (3) other emissions reduction measures including efficiency improvements and capturing GHG emissions. These compliance policies and programs have had and may continue to have negative impacts on the company now and in the future including, but not limited to, the displacement of hydrocarbon and other products and/or the impairment of assets. These policies have also enabled opportunities for Chevron in its lower carbon business lines. For example, Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (REG) produces most of Chevron’s renewable fuels offering and generates a substantial amount of the company’s carbon credit generation activities. Although we expect the company’s costs to comply with these policies and programs to continue to increase, these costs currently do not have a material impact on the company’s financial condition or results of operations.
Significant uncertainty remains as to the pace and extent to which the transition to a lower carbon future will progress, which is dependent, in part, on further advancements and changes in policy, technology, and customer and consumer preferences. The level of expenditure required to comply with new or potential climate change-related laws and regulations and the amount of additional investments needed in new or existing technology or facilities, such as carbon capture and storage, is difficult to predict with certainty and is expected to vary depending on the actual laws and regulations enacted, available technology options, customer and consumer preferences, the company’s activities and market conditions. As discussed below, in 2021, the company announced planned capital spend of approximately $10 billion through 2028 in lower carbon investments. Although the future is uncertain, many published outlooks conclude that fossil fuels will remain a significant part of an energy system that increasingly incorporates lower carbon sources of supply for many years to come.
Chevron supports the Paris Agreement’s global approach to governments addressing climate change and continues to take actions to help lower the carbon intensity of its operations while continuing to meet the demand for energy. Chevron believes that broad, market-based mechanisms are the most efficient approach to addressing GHG emission reductions. Chevron integrates climate change-related issues and the regulatory and other responses to these issues into its strategy and planning, capital investment reviews and risk management tools and processes, where it believes they are applicable. They are also factored into the company’s long-range supply, demand and energy price forecasts. These forecasts reflect estimates of long-range effects from climate change-related policy actions, such as electric vehicle and renewable fuel penetration, energy efficiency standards and demand response to oil and natural gas prices.
The company will continue to develop oil and gas resources to meet customers’ and consumers’ demand for energy. At the same