the company can change substantially during periods of significant earnings volatility. This is due to the mix effects that are impacted by both the absolute level of earnings or losses and whether they arise in higher or lower tax rate jurisdictions. As a result, a decline or increase in the effective income tax rate in one period may not be indicative of expected results in future periods. Additional information related to the company’s effective income tax rate is included in
Note 17 Taxes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
37
In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) issued model rules for a new 15 percent global minimum tax (Pillar Two), and various jurisdictions in which the company operates enacted or are in the process of enacting Pillar Two legislation. Certain aspects of the tax under the Pillar Two framework became effective in 2024 in some jurisdictions and will be effective in 2025 (or later) in others. Pillar Two did not have a material impact on the company’s results of operations in 2024. Although we do not currently expect that Pillar Two will have a material impact on our future results of operations, we are continuing to evaluate the impact of pending legislative adoption by individual countries.
Supply Chain and Inflation Impacts
The company is actively managing its contracting, procurement and supply chain activities to effectively manage costs and facilitate supply chain resiliency and continuity in support of the company’s operational goals. Third party costs for capital and operating expenses can be subject to external factors beyond the company’s control including, but not limited to: severe weather or civil unrest, delays in construction, global and local supply chain distribution issues, inflation, tariffs or other taxes imposed on goods or services, and market-based prices charged by the industry’s material and service providers. Chevron utilizes contracts with various pricing mechanisms, which may result in a lag before the company’s costs reflect changes in market trends.
Trends in the costs of goods and services vary by spend category. The labor market remains tight, and suppliers are passing along wage rate increases for labor intensive operations. Chevron has applied inflation mitigation strategies in an effort to temper these cost increases, including fixed price and index-based contracts. Lead times for key capital equipment remain long and availability of offshore and specialized equipment is under pressure, with some experiencing upward pricing movements. In the United States, cost pressures for materials and standard onshore drilling and completion equipment continue to ease. Chevron has addressed equipment cost increases and long lead times by partnering with suppliers on demand planning, volume commitments, standardization and scope optimization.
In February 2025, the U.S. announced the imposition of tariffs on imports from several U.S. trade partners and