to consolidate assets and remove facilities, reducing surface footprint and greenhouse gas emissions. In 2024, Chevron’s net daily production in Colorado averaged 132,000 barrels of crude oil, 107,000 barrels of NGLs and 930 million cubic feet of natural gas. Chevron also has operations in Colorado’s Piceance Basin, as well as an acreage position in Wyoming.
In 2024, Chevron’s California average net daily oil-equivalent production was 71,000 barrels. Chevron owns and operates between 87 and 100 percent interests in six fields including Kern River, Cymric/McKittrick, Midway Sunset, San Ardo, Coalinga and Lost Hills. The company announced its first solar-to-hydrogen production project in Kern County, which will create lower carbon hydrogen through electrolysis, utilizing solar power, land and non-potable produced water from Chevron’s existing assets.
During 2024, net daily production in the Gulf of America averaged 168,000 barrels of crude oil, 10,000 barrels of NGLs and 86 million cubic feet of natural gas. Chevron is engaged in various operated and nonoperated exploration, development and production activities in the deepwater Gulf of America. Chevron also holds nonoperated interests in several shelf fields.
Chevron has a 62.9 percent-owned and operated interest in the unit areas containing the Anchor Field, located in the Green Canyon area. Stage 1 of the Anchor development that consists of a seven-well subsea development and a semi-submersible floating production unit achieved first oil in August 2024 utilizing an industry-first 20,000 pounds per square inch
10
deepwater technology. Two producing wells were brought online and development drilling is progressing on subsequent wells. The field has an estimated remaining production life of 30 years.
Chevron has a 60 percent-owned and operated interest in the Ballymore Field located in the Mississippi Canyon area, which is being developed as a subsea tieback to the existing Chevron 75 percent-owned and operated Blind Faith facility. The development includes three production wells, with first oil expected in 2025. Proved reserves have been recognized for this project.
Chevron has a 60 percent-owned and operated interest in the Big Foot Field, located in the deepwater Walker Ridge area. First oil from further development is expected in 2025 and 2026. The field has an estimated remaining production life of 25 years.
Chevron has a 50 percent-owned and operated interest in the Jack Field, a 51 percent-owned and operated interest in the St. Malo Field and a 40.6 percent-owned and operated interest in the production host facility used for the joint development of both fields, all located in the Walker Ridge area. In 2024, the St. Malo Stage 4 waterflood project delivered first water injection and completed the installation of a second multi-phase subsea pump module within the St. Malo Field. An additional St. Malo well delivered first oil and further development drilling commenced in the Jack Field. The