$19 million between periods.
Net oil-equivalent production was down 32,000 barrels per day, or 2 percent. The decrease was primarily due to downtime at TCO and Nigeria, and withdrawal from Myanmar, partly offset by entitlement effects.
U.S. Downstream
U.S. downstream earnings decreased by $3.4 billion primarily due to lower margins on refined product sales of $2.6 billion and higher operating expenses of $810 million.
Refinery crude unit inputs were down 45,000 barrels per day, or 5 percent, primarily due to the upgrade of the Pasadena, Texas refinery that was completed during the fourth quarter 2024
and downtime at the Pascagoula, Mississippi refinery.
Refined product sales were down 1,000 barrels per day.
International Downstream
International downstream earnings decreased by $1.0 billion primarily due to lower margins on refined product sales of $880 million and impairments of $190 million. Foreign currency effects had a favorable impact on earnings of $138 million between periods.
Refinery crude unit inputs were up 10,000 barrels per day, or 2 percent.
Refined product sales were up 50,000 barrels per day, or 3 percent, primarily due to increased trading volumes.
All Other
All Other consists of worldwide cash management and debt financing activities, corporate administrative functions, insurance operations, real estate activities, and technology companies.
Net charges increased by $462 million primarily due to higher employee benefit costs, severance charges, lower interest income and higher interest expense, partially offset by a favorable swing of $587 million in foreign currency effects.
44
Consolidated Statement of Income
Comparative amounts for certain income statement categories are shown below. A discussion of variances between 2023 and 2022 can be found in the “Consolidated Statement of Income” section on pages 43 and 44 of the company’s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Sales and other operat
ing revenues decreased in 2024 mainly due to lower commodity prices, partially offset by higher crude oil, natural gas and refined product sales volumes.
Income from equity affiliates decreased in 2024 mainly due to lower downstream-related earnings from GS Caltex in South Korea and lower upstream-related earnings from Tengizchevroil in Kazakhstan, partially offset by an absence of certain U.S. upstream equity affiliate impairments and higher downstream-related earnings from Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC (CPChem). Refer to
Note 15 Investments and Advances
for a discussion of Chevron’s investments in affiliated companies.
Other income increased in 2024 mainly due to the absence of charges related to decommissioning obligations from previously divested oil and gas production assets in the Gulf of America, before tax gains on asset sales in Canada, a favorable swing in foreign currency effects and higher dividend income.
Crude oil and product purchases remained fairly flat in 2024 as lower crude and refined product prices were partially