amount of loss recorded in OCI at October 27, 2024 that is expected to be reclassified to “Interest expense” in the next twelve months if interest rates remain unchanged is
$
6
after-tax. There were
no
gains or losses reclassified from OCI to earnings based on the probability that the original forecasted transaction would not occur.
Counterparty Risk and Collateral
Derivative instruments are subject to significant concentrations of credit risk to the banking sector. We manage individual counterparty exposure by setting limits that consider the credit rating of the counterparty, the credit default swap spread of the counterparty, and other financial commitments and exposures between us and the counterparty banks. All interest rate derivatives are transacted under International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) documentation. Some of these agreements include credit support provisions. Each master agreement permits the net settlement of amounts owed in the event of default or termination.
Certain of our derivative agreements contain credit support provisions that may require us to post collateral based on the size of the net liability positions and credit ratings. The aggregate fair value of all derivatives with credit-risk-related contingent features that were in a net liability position at October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023, was $
562
and $
1,076
, respectively. In accordance with the limits established in these agreements, we posted $
245
and $
659
of cash collateral at October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023, respectively. In addition, we paid $
8
of collateral that was outstanding at both October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023 to participate in an international futures market to hedge currency exposure, not included in the following table.
​
Derivatives are recorded without offsetting for netting arrangements or collateral.
The impact on the derivative assets and liabilities related to netting arrangements and collateral at October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023 follows:
​
​
​
27. SEGMENT DATA
Our operations are presently organized and reported in
four
business segments. This presentation is consistent with how the chief operating decision maker (the CEO) assesses the performance of the segments and makes decisions about resource allocations.
The PPA segment defines, develops, and delivers global equipment and technology solutions to unlock customer value for production-scale growers of large grains, small grains, cotton, and sugarcane. The segment’s primary products include large and certain mid-size tractors, combines, cotton pickers, sugarcane harvesters and loaders, and soil preparation, seeding, application, crop care equipment, and related attachments and service parts.
The SAT segment defines, develops, and delivers global equipment and technology solutions to unlock customer value for dairy and livestock producers, high-value and small acreage crop producers, and turf and utility customers. The segment’s primary products include