experiencing the following effects due to unfavorable market conditions: lower sales volumes, higher sales incentives, and elevated receivable write-offs and expected credit losses.
Interest Rates.
While interest rates in the U.S. began to decrease in the fourth quarter of 2024, they remain elevated. Higher rates impact us in several ways, primarily affecting the demand for our products and financing spreads for the financial services operations. The markets for our agriculture, turf, and construction products are negatively impacted by elevated interest rates and their effect on borrowing costs for our customers
.
Foreign Exchange Rates.
During the first quarter of 2025, the U.S. dollar strengthened against the primary currencies in which we conduct business overseas. A stronger U.S. dollar is expected to have an unfavorable impact on our fiscal year 2025 financial results. We utilize foreign currency derivatives that are not designated to mitigate the impact of currency fluctuations on our cash flow, which resulted in favorable foreign exchange gains for the quarter. These derivatives are limited in duration, leaving us exposed to the long-term impact of currency fluctuations on income.
Changes in the agricultural market business cycle, interest rates, and foreign exchange rates are driven by factors outside of our control, and as a result we cannot reasonably foresee when these conditions will fully subside.
Legal Proceeding
–
On January 15, 2025, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), along with the Attorneys General of the States of Illinois and Minnesota filed a lawsuit against us in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois Western Division. The Attorneys General of the States of Arizona, Michigan, and Wisconsin have since joined the lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges monopolization and unfair competition in violation of federal and state antitrust laws. Plaintiffs seek a permanent injunction and other equitable relief to allow owners of our equipment, as well as independent repair providers, access to our repair tools and any other repair resources available to authorized John Deere dealers. At this stage, we are unable to estimate the potential impact on our business.
Other Items of Concern and Uncertainties –
Other items that could impact our results are:
25
​
consolidated results – 2025 Compared with 2024
​
Net sales and revenues decreased for the quarter primarily due to lower sales volumes. Net income and diluted EPS decreased driven by lower sales. The discussion of net sales and operating profit is included in the Business Segment Results below. Net income was impacted by special items. See Note 20 for additional details.
An explanation of the cost of sales to net sales ratio and other significant statement of consolidated income changes follows:
​
26
​
Business Segment Results – 2025 compared with 2024
Production and precision agriculture sales decreased for the quarter as a result of lower shipment volumes