the time value of money using a current market interest rate. The revenue related to the financing component is recognized in “Finance and interest income” using the interest method. We do not adjust the sales price to account for a financing component if the expected interest-free or below market period is
one
year or less.
Right of Return
Generally, no right of return exists on sales of equipment. Dealers cannot cancel purchases after we recognize a sale and are responsible for payment even if the equipment is not sold to a retail customer. Service parts and certain attachment returns are estimable and accrued at the time a sale is recognized. The estimated returns are based on historical return rates, current dealer inventory levels, and current economic conditions. The estimated returns are recorded in “Other assets” for the inventory value of estimated returns, adjusted for restocking fees. The estimated dealer refund liability, adjusted for restocking fees, is recorded in “Accounts payable and accrued expenses.”
Remanufacturing
We remanufacture used engines and components (cores) that are sold to dealers and retail customers for maintenance and repair parts. Revenue for remanufactured components is recognized using the same criteria as other parts sales. When a remanufactured part is sold, we collect a deposit that is repaid if the customer returns a core that meets certain specifications within a defined time period. The deposit received from the customer is recognized as a liability in “Accounts payable and accrued expenses” and the used component that is expected to be returned is recognized in “Other assets.” When a customer returns a core, the deposit is repaid, the liability reversed, and the returned core is recorded in inventory to be remanufactured and sold to
another customer. If a core is not returned within the required time, the deposit is recognized as revenue in “Net sales,” and the cost of the core is recorded as an expense in “Cost of sales.”
Bundled Technology
Certain equipment is sold with precision guidance, telematics, and other information gathering and analyzing capabilities. These technology solutions require hardware, software, and may include an obligation to provide services for a period of time. These solutions are mostly bundled with the sale of the equipment but can also be purchased or renewed separately. The revenue related to the hardware and embedded software is recognized at the time of the equipment sale and recorded in “Net sales.” The revenue for the future services and usage-based software is deferred and recognized over the service period. The deferred revenue is recorded as a contract liability in “Accounts payable and accrued expenses.”
Financing Revenue and Origination Costs
Financing revenue and deferred costs on the origination of financing receivables are recorded over the lives of the related receivables using the interest method. Deferred costs are recognized as a reduction to “Finance and