official currency exchange rate. The Argentine government has certain capital and currency controls that restrict our ability to access U.S. dollars in Argentina and remit earnings from our Argentine operations. As of October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023, our net investment in Argentina was $
826
and $
766
, respectively. Net sales and revenues from our Argentine operations represented approximately
1
percent of consolidated net sales and revenues for 2024, 2023, and 2022. We have employed mechanisms to convert Argentine pesos into U.S. dollars to the extent possible. These mechanisms are short-term in nature, leaving us exposed to long-term currency fluctuations. As of October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023, the gross peso exposure was $
69
and $
30
, respectively, while the net peso exposure (after considering the impact of short-term hedges) was $
14
and $
5
, respectively. In 2024, we invested in U.S. dollar denominated bonds issued by the central bank of Argentina. The bonds are recorded in “Marketable securities” and classified as “International debt securities.” These bonds can be held until maturity or sold in secondary markets outside of Argentina to settle intercompany debt.
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
The following are significant accounting policies in addition to those included in other notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Use of Estimates in Financial Statements
Certain accounting policies require management to make estimates and assumptions in determining the amounts reflected in the financial statements and related disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
49
Table of Contents
​
Revenue Recognition
General
Sales of equipment and service parts are recognized when we transfer control of the good to the independent customer, which generally occurs upon shipment. In most situations, the independent customer is a dealer, which subsequently sells the equipment and service parts purchased from us to a retail customer, who can finance the equipment with the financial services segment or another source of financing. In some situations, we sell directly to a retail customer. The term “customer” includes both dealers and retail customers to whom we make direct sales.
Interest-Free Periods and Past-Due Interest
We charge dealers interest on outstanding balances from the earlier of when goods are sold to a retail customer by the dealer or the expiration of the interest-free period granted at the time of the sale to the dealer. Interest-free periods are determined based on the type of equipment sold and the time of year of the sale. These periods range from
one
to
twelve months
for most equipment. Interest-free periods may not be extended. Interest charged may not be forgiven, and past due interest rates are charged at higher rates. If the interest-free or below market interest rate period exceeds one year, we adjust the expected sales revenue for the effects of