interest income.” Income and deferred costs on the origination of operating leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the scheduled lease terms in “Finance and interest income.”
Sales Incentives
We offer sales incentive programs to promote the sale of our products from the dealer to the retail customer. At the time of the sale to a dealer, we record an estimated cost for the sales incentive programs as a reduction to the sales price. The estimated cost is based on historical data, announced and expected incentive programs, field inventory levels, and forecasted sales volumes. The final cost of these programs is determined at the end of the measurement period for volume-based incentives or when the dealer sells the equipment to a retail customer. One type of sales incentive program offered to dealers is pool funds in which we award dealers funds based on new equipment sales. Dealers can use these funds to incentivize sales from the dealer to the end customer. Pool funds, as well as some other incentive programs, are recorded in “Trade accounts and notes receivable – net” as we have the contractual right and the intent to offset against the existing dealer receivables. Actual cost differences from the original cost estimate are recognized in “Net sales.”
Product Warranties
For equipment and service parts sales, we provide a standard warranty. At the time a sale is recognized, the estimated future warranty costs are recorded. The warranty liability is estimated based on historical warranty claims rate experience and the estimated amount of equipment still under warranty. The historical claims rate is primarily determined by a review of
five-year
claims costs while also taking into consideration current quality developments. The amount of equipment still under warranty is estimated based on dealer inventories and retail sales.
50
Table of Contents
​
We also offer extended warranty arrangements for purchase at the customer’s option. The premiums for extended warranties are recognized in “Other income” primarily in proportion to the costs expected to be incurred over the contract period. The unamortized extended warranty premiums (deferred revenue) are recorded in “Accounts payable and accrued expenses” (see Note 18).
Sales and Transaction Taxes
We collect and remit taxes for revenue producing transactions as necessary based on various tax laws. These taxes include sales, use, value-added, and some excise taxes. We elected to exclude these taxes from the determination of the sales price. These taxes are not included in revenues.
Contract Costs
Incremental costs of obtaining an equipment revenue contract are recognized as an expense when incurred since the amortization period would be
one
year or less.
Advertising Costs
Advertising costs are charged to “Selling, administrative and general expenses” as incurred. Advertising costs were $
230
in 2024, $
244
in 2023, and $
227
in 2022.
Depreciation and Amortization
Property and equipment,