January 26, 2025.
At January 26, 2025, we had commitments of approximately $
490
for the construction and acquisition of property and equipment. Also at January 26, 2025, we had restricted assets of $
259
, classified as “Other assets.”
We are subject to various unresolved legal actions. The accrued losses on these matters were not material at January 26, 2025. We believe the reasonably possible range of losses for these unresolved legal actions would not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. The most prevalent legal claims relate to product liability (including asbestos-related liability), employment, patent, trademark, and antitrust matters (including class action litigation).
(17)
Fair Value Measurements
The fair values of financial instruments that do not approximate the carrying values were as follows. Long-term borrowings exclude finance lease liabilities.
Fair value measurements above were Level 3 for all financing receivables and Level 2 for all borrowings.
Fair values of the financing receivables that were issued long-term were based on the discounted values of their related cash flows at interest rates currently being offered by us for similar financing receivables. The fair values of the remaining financing receivables approximated the carrying amounts.
Fair values of long-term borrowings and short-term securitization borrowings were based on current market quotes for identical or similar borrowings and credit risk, or on the discounted values of their related cash flows at current market interest rates.
19
​
Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis follow, excluding our cash equivalents, which were carried at a cost that approximates fair value and consisted of money market funds and time deposits.
​
​
The mortgage-backed securities are primarily issued by U.S. government sponsored enterprises.
The contractual maturities of available-for-sale debt securities at January 26, 2025 follow:
​
Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because some securities may be called or prepaid. Mortgage-backed securities contain prepayment provisions and are not categorized by contractual maturity.
Fair value, nonrecurring Level 3 measurements from impairments and other adjustments were as follows:
​
*    The gain on “Assets held for sale” in the first quarter of 2025 represents a reversal of prior period valuation allowance loss, not in excess of cumulative valuation allowance recorded on “Assets held for sale.”
The following is a description of the valuation methodologies we use to measure certain financial instruments on the balance sheets at fair value:
Marketable securities
–
The portfolio of investments is valued on a market approach (matrix pricing model) in which all significant inputs are observable or can be derived from or corroborated by observable market data such as interest rates, yield curves, volatilities, credit risk, and prepayment speeds. Funds are valued using the