QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
See our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K (Part II, Item 7A). There have been no material changes in this information.
​
Item 4.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) were effective as of January 26, 2025, based on the evaluation of these controls and procedures required by Rule 13a-15(b) or 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act. During the first quarter of 2025, there were no changes that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.
​
PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION
​
Item 1.
Legal Proceedings
On January 15, 2025, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), along with the Attorneys General of the States of Illinois and Minnesota, filed a lawsuit against us in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois Western Division. The Attorneys General of the States of Arizona, Michigan, and Wisconsin have since joined the lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges monopolization and unfair competition in violation of federal and state antitrust laws. Plaintiffs seek a permanent injunction and other equitable relief to allow owners of our equipment, as well as independent repair providers, access to our repair tools and any other repair resources available to authorized John Deere dealers. At this stage, we are unable to predict the outcome or impact of this matter on our business and financial results.
In addition to the above, the most prevalent legal claims relate to product liability (including asbestos-related liability), employment, patent, trademark, and antitrust matters (including class action litigation).
​
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
There are no material changes to the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 27, 2024, except as set forth below.
Legal proceedings, disputes and government inquiries and investigations could harm our business, financial condition, reputation, and brand.
We routinely are a party to claims and legal actions and the subject of government inquiries and investigations, the most prevalent of which relate to product liability (including asbestos-related liability), employment, patent, trademark, and antitrust matters. For example, we were recently the subject of a previously disclosed Federal Trade Commission (FTC) investigation into our information security practices and statements, which was closed by the FTC without action. The defense of lawsuits and government inquiries and investigations has resulted and may result in expenditures of significant financial resources and the diversion of management’s time and attention away from business operations. Adverse decisions in one or more of these