to be
71
Table of Contents
​
repurchased. Repurchases of our common stock under this plan are made from time to time, at our discretion, in the open market.
A reconciliation of basic and diluted net income per share attributable to Deere & Company follows in millions, except per share amounts:
​
​
​
​
22. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
We issue stock options and restricted stock units (RSU) to key employees. RSUs are also issued to nonemployee directors for their services as directors. RSUs consist of service-based, performance/service-based, and market/service-based awards.
The Long-Term Incentive Cash granted to certain employees is accounted for as share-based compensation. This incentive includes a performance metric based, in part, on the price of our shares. We are authorized to grant shares for equity incentive awards. The outstanding shares authorized were
15.0
million at October 27, 2024. We currently use shares that have been repurchased through our stock repurchase programs to satisfy share option exercises and RSU conversions.
The stock awards vesting periods and the dividend equivalents earned during the vesting period follow:
​
​
Stock options expire
ten years
from the grant date. Performance/service-based awards are subject to a performance metric based on our compound annual revenue growth rate, compared to a benchmark group of companies. Market/service-based awards are subject to a market related metric based on total shareholder return, compared to a benchmark group of companies. The performance/service-based units and
market/service
-
based units
award common stock in a range of
zero
to
200
percent for each unit granted based on the level of the metric achieved.
The fair value of stock options and restricted stock units is determined using our closing price on the grant date. The fair value of the market/service-based RSUs is determined using a
Monte Carlo model
. These awards are expensed over the shorter of the award vesting period or the employee’s retirement eligibility period. The performance/service-based units’ expense is adjusted quarterly for the probable number of shares to be awarded. We
recognize the effect of award forfeitures as an adjustment to compensation expense in the period the forfeiture occurs.
The total share-based compensation expense, recognized income tax benefits, and total grant-date fair values of stock options and restricted stock units vested consisted of the following:
​
​
At October 27, 2024, there was $
110
of total unrecognized compensation cost from share-based compensation arrangements. This compensation is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately
1.5
years.
Stock Options
The fair value of each stock option award was estimated on the date of grant using a binomial lattice option valuation model.
The assumptions used for the
binomial lattice model
to determine the fair value of options follow:
​
*    Weighted-averages
​
The risk-free rates are based on U.S. Treasury