or contributions, and distributions) and any known substantive valuation changes through year end. The private equity investment classified as Level 3 was valued based on the market pricing received in October 2023 for the assets that were sold in a secondary sale in December 2023. The investment was transferred into Level 3 as of October 29, 2023.
Derivative Instruments
–
The derivatives are valued using either an income approach (discounted cash flow) using market observable inputs, including swap curves and both forward and spot exchange rates, or a market approach (quoted prices in the active market in which the derivative instrument trades).
The investment objective for the pension and health care plan assets is to fulfill the projected obligations to the beneficiaries over a long period of time, while meeting our fiduciary responsibilities. The asset allocation policy is the most important decision in managing the assets, and it is reviewed regularly. The asset allocation policy considers our long-term asset class risk/return expectations for each plan since the obligations are long-term in nature.
The target asset allocations as of October 27, 2024 are as follows:
​
​
The assets are diversified and are managed by professional investment firms as well as by investment professionals who are company employees. As a result of our diversified investment policy, there were no significant concentrations of risk.
A market related value of plan assets is used to calculate the expected return on assets. The market related value recognizes changes in the fair value of pension plan assets systematically over a
five-year
period. The market related value of the health care plan assets equals fair value.
The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets reflects management’s expectations of long-term average rates of return on funds invested to provide for benefits included in the projected benefit obligations. The expected return is based on the outlook for inflation and for returns in multiple asset classes, while also considering historical returns, asset allocation, and investment strategy. Our approach has emphasized the long-term nature of the return estimate such that the return assumption is not changed significantly unless there are fundamental changes in
capital markets that affect our expectations for returns over an extended period of time (i.e.,
10
to
20 years
).
The average annual return of our U.S. pension fund was approximately
7.2
percent during the past ten years and approximately
8.0
percent during the past 20 years.
We have Voluntary Employees’ Beneficiary Association trusts (VEBAs) for the funding of hourly and salary postretirement health care benefits. The future expected asset returns for the VEBAs are lower than the expected return on the other pension and health care plan assets due to investment in a higher proportion of liquid securities. These assets are in addition to the other postretirement health care plan assets that