renovation, including milling machines, recyclers, slipform pavers, surface miners, asphalt pavers, compactors, tandem and static rollers, mobile crushers and screens, mobile and stationary asphalt plants, and related attachments and service parts.
Forestry
– Includes net sales of equipment used in timber harvesting, including log skidders, feller bunchers, log loaders, log forwarders, log harvesters, and related attachments and service parts.
Financial Products
– Includes finance and interest income from retail notes related to sales of John Deere equipment to retail customers, wholesale financing to dealers of John Deere equipment, and revolving charge accounts; lease income from retail leases of John Deere equipment; and revenue from extended warranties.
Other
– Includes sales of components to other equipment manufacturers that are included in “Net sales;” revenue earned over time from precision guidance, telematics, and other information enabled solutions; revenue from service performed at company owned dealerships and service centers; gains on disposition of property and businesses; trademark licensing revenue; and other miscellaneous revenue items that are included in “Other income.”
57
Table of Contents
​
We invoice in advance of recognizing the sale of certain products and the revenue for certain services. These relate to extended warranty premiums, advance payments for future equipment sales, and subscription and service revenue related to precision guidance, telematic services, and other information enabled solutions. These advanced customer payments are presented as deferred revenue, a contract liability, in “Accounts payable and accrued expenses.” The deferred revenue received, but not recognized in revenue was $
1,923
and $
1,697
at October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023, respectively. The contract liability is reduced as the revenue is recognized. Revenue recognized from deferred revenue that was recorded as a contract liability at the beginning of the fiscal year was $
553
in 2024, $
547
in 2023, and $
609
in 2022.
The amount of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original duration greater than one year and the estimated revenue to be recognized by fiscal year at October 27, 2024 follows:
​
​
As permitted, we elected only to disclose remaining performance obligations with an original contract duration greater than one year. The contracts with an expected duration of one year or less are for sales to dealers and retail customers for equipment, service parts, repair services, and certain telematics services.
​
6. SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION
All cash flows from receivables related to sales are included in operating activities. This includes all changes in trade accounts and notes receivables, as well as some financing receivables (see Note 11). Financing receivables that are related to loans on equipment sold by independent dealers are included in investing activities.
Our short-term borrowings mature or