fund’s net asset value, based on the fair value of the underlying securities. International debt securities are valued using quoted prices for identical assets in inactive markets.
20
​
Derivatives
–
Our derivative financial instruments consist of interest rate contracts (swaps), foreign currency exchange contracts (futures, forwards, and swaps), and cross-currency interest rate contracts (swaps). The portfolio is valued based on an income approach (discounted cash flow) using market observable inputs, including swap curves and both forward and spot exchange rates for currencies.
Deferred consideration – The total purchase price consideration for three former Deere-Hitachi joint venture factories acquired in 2022 included supply agreement price increases beyond inflation adjustments. This deferred consideration will be paid as we purchase Deere-branded excavators, components, and service parts from Hitachi under the agreement with a duration that ranges from
5
to
30 years
. The deferred consideration balance is reduced as purchases are made and valued on a discounted cash flow approach using market rates.
Other assets (Investment in unconsolidated affiliates) – Other than temporary impairments of investments are measured as the difference between the implied fair value and the carrying value of the investments. The estimated fair value for privately held entities is determined by an income approach (discounted cash flows), which includes inputs such as interest rates and margins.
Assets held for sale – The disposal group was measured at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. Fair value was based on the probable sale price. The inputs included estimates of the final sale price (see Note 20).
(18)
Derivative Instruments
Fair values of our derivative instruments and the associated notional amounts were as follows. Assets are recorded in “Other assets,” while liabilities are recorded in “Accounts payable and accrued expenses.”
​
The amounts recorded in the consolidated balance sheets related to borrowings designated in fair value hedging relationships were as follows. Fair value hedging adjustments are included in the carrying amount of the hedged item.
​
21
​
The classification and gains (losses) including accrued interest expense related to derivative instruments on the statements of consolidated income consisted of the following:
​
Certain of our derivative agreements contain credit support provisions that may require us to post collateral based on the size of the net liability positions and credit ratings. The aggregate fair value of all derivatives with credit-risk-related contingent features that were in a net liability position at January 26, 2025, October 27, 2024, and January 28, 2024 was $
707
, $
562
, and $
691
, respectively. In accordance with the limits established in these agreements, we posted $
436
, $
245
, and $
368
of cash collateral at January 26, 2025, October 27, 2024, and January 28, 2024,