companies also ended their joint venture manufacturing and marketing agreements. The former joint venture factories continue to manufacture Deere-branded construction excavators and forestry equipment. Through a new supply agreement with Hitachi, Deere continues to offer a full portfolio of excavators. Deere’s marketing arrangement for Hitachi-branded construction excavators and mining equipment in the Americas ended with Hitachi assuming distribution and support of these products. John Deere dealers may continue to support their existing field population of Hitachi-branded excavators.
With the completion of this acquisition, we now have complete control over the excavator design, product, and feature updates, making it possible to more rapidly respond to customer requirements and integrate excavators with other construction products in the John Deere product portfolio. We can leverage technology developed for other product lines and production systems across the enterprise and extend those advanced solutions to Deere-designed excavators, strengthening the entire product portfolio.
The total invested capital was as follows:
​
​
The total purchase price consideration includes deferred consideration that will be paid as we purchase Deere-branded excavators, components, and service parts from Hitachi under the new supply agreement with a duration that ranges from
5
to
30 years
. The deferred consideration represents the price increases under the new supply arrangement. See Note 25 for fair value measurement information. Excluding inflation adjustments, the price increases for products to be acquired by us from Hitachi are as much as
27
percent higher than the prior supply arrangement. We financed the acquisition and associated transaction expenses from cash on hand. The fair value of the previously held equity investment created a non-cash
gain
of
$
326
(pretax and after-tax), which was recorded in “Other income” and included in the CF segment’s operating profit.
Prior to the acquisition, we purchased Deere- and Hitachi-branded excavators, components, and parts from the Deere-Hitachi joint venture factories for sale to John Deere dealers. These purchases were included in “Cost of sales,” while the sales to John Deere dealers were included in “Net sales.” Cost of sales also included profit-sharing payments to Hitachi in accordance with the previous
53
Table of Contents
​
marketing agreements. Following the acquisition, Net sales only includes the sale of Deere-branded excavators to John Deere dealers, while Cost of sales reflects market pricing to purchase and manufacture excavators, as well as the related components and service parts.
The fair values assigned to the assets and liabilities of the acquired factories, which are based on information as of the acquisition date and available at October 30, 2022, follow:
​
​
The identifiable intangible assets were related to technology with a
10-year
amortization period. The goodwill is not deductible for