we completed the transaction with Bradesco (see Note 20) for the sale of
50
% ownership in BJD. Bradesco contributed capital equal to our equity investment in BJD. We retained a
50
% equity interest in BJD and will report the results of the joint venture as an equity investment in unconsolidated affiliates.
On
February 26, 2025
, a quarterly dividend of $
1.62
per share was declared at the Board of Directors meeting, payable on
May 8, 2025
, to stockholders of record on
March 31, 2025
.
​
​
​
23
​
Item 2.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
All amounts are presented in millions of dollars unless otherwise specified.
OVERVIEW
Organization
Deere & Company is a global leader in the production of agricultural, turf, construction, and forestry equipment and solutions. John Deere Financial provides financing for John Deere equipment, parts, services, and other input costs customers need to run their operations. Our operations are managed through the production and precision agriculture (PPA), small agriculture and turf (SAT), construction and forestry (CF), and financial services operating segments. References to “equipment operations” include PPA, SAT, and CF, while references to “agriculture and turf” include both PPA and SAT.
Trends and Economic Conditions
Industry Sales Outlook for Fiscal Year 2025
Agriculture and Turf
Construction and Forestry
Company Trends
Customers seek to improve profitability, productivity, and sustainability through integrating technology into their operations. Deeper integration of technology into equipment is a persistent market trend. These technologies are incorporated into products within each of our operating segments. We expect this trend to persist for the foreseeable future. Our Smart Industrial Operating Model and Leap Ambitions are intended to capitalize on this market trend. Engaged acres are an indicator we use to understand customer utilization of our technology. We are investing in a Solutions as a Service business model to increase technology adoption and utilization by our customers. Solutions as a Service products did not represent a significant percentage of our revenues.
Company Outlook for 2025
Sales volumes are expected to decline in 2025 compared to 2024 due to reduced demand. We are uncertain of the impact potential import tariffs by the U.S. and retaliatory actions taken by other countries could have on our outlook due to the rapidly evolving environment.
Agriculture and Turf Outlook for 2025
24
​
Construction and Forestry Outlook for 2025
Financial Services Outlook for 2025
Additional Trends
Agricultural Market Business Cycle.
The agricultural market is affected by various factors including commodity prices, acreage planted, crop yields, government policies, and uncertainty in macroeconomic trends. These factors affect farmers’ income and sentiment which may result in lower demand for equipment. In 2025, we expect to continue