administrative and general expenses
.”
​
The major classes of the total consolidated assets and liabilities of BJD classified as held for sale and liabilities of BJD to other intercompany parties at October 27, 2024 follows. See Note 25 for fair value measurement information.
​
*
Includes
$
1
restricted cash balance.
​
Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
In the third quarter of 2024, we exercised our right to purchase the remaining
20
percent interest in SurePoint. The arrangement was accounted for as an equity transaction with
no
gain or loss recorded in the statements of consolidated income.
2023 Special Items
Sale of Russian Roadbuilding Business
In
October 2023, we sold our Russian roadbuilding business, recognizing a loss of
$
18
(
pretax
and after-tax). The loss was recorded in “
Other operating expenses
” in the construction and forestry operations.
Brazil Tax Ruling
In
the third quarter of 2023, the Brazil Superior Court of Justice published a favorable tax ruling regarding taxability of local incentives, which allowed us to record a
$
243
reduction in the provision for income taxes and
$
47
of
interest income.
Financial Services Financing Incentives Correction
In
the second quarter of 2023, we corrected the accounting treatment for financing incentives offered to John Deere dealers, which impacted the timing of expense recognition and the presentation of incentive costs in the consolidated financial statements. The cumulative effect of this correction,
$
173
pretax (
$
135
after-tax), was recorded in “Selling, administrative and general expenses” in the second quarter of
2023
. Prior period results for Deere & Company were not restated, as the adjustment was considered
immaterial
to our financial statements.
55
Table of Contents
​
Summary of 2024 and 2023 Special Items
The following table summarizes the operating profit impact of the special items recorded in 2024 and 2023.
​
​
​
2022 Special Items
UAW Collective Bargaining Agreement
In November 2021, employees represented by the International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America (UAW) approved a new collective bargaining agreement. The agreement, which has a term of
six years
, covers the wages, hours, benefits, and other terms and conditions of employment for our UAW-represented employees at
14
U.S. facilities. The labor agreement included a lump sum ratification bonus payment of $
8,500
per eligible employee, totaling $
90
million, and an immediate wage increase of
10
percent plus further wage increases over the term of the contract. The lump sum payment was expensed in the first quarter of 2022.
Impact of Events in Russia / Ukraine
In February 2022, we suspended shipments of machines and service parts to Russia due to the events in Russia / Ukraine. The suspension of shipments reduced the forecasted revenue for the region, which made it probable future cash flows would not cover the carrying value of certain assets. As a result, an