in impairments of intangible assets in the first quarter of 2025.  The Company will continue to review goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances, including evolving market conditions and regulatory environment, indicate related carrying amounts may not be recoverable.
During the three-month period ended March 28, 2025, the Company recorded a $
15
million impairment related to a facility in the Biotechnology segment.
NOTE 9.
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Accounting standards define fair value based on an exit price model, establish a framework for measuring fair value where the Company’s assets and liabilities are required to be carried at fair value and provide for certain disclosures related to the valuation methods used within a valuation hierarchy as established within the accounting standards.  This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows.  Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, or other observable characteristics for the asset or liability, including interest rates, yield curves and credit risks, or inputs that are derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data through correlation.  Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs based on the Company’s assumptions.  A financial asset or liability’s classification within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
12
Table of Contents
A summary of financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows ($ in millions):
The Company’s investments in equity securities consist of investments in publicly traded equity securities and investments in non-marketable equity securities.  The publicly traded securities are classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy as they are measured based on quotes in active markets.  For the non-marketable equity securities, the Company estimates the fair value of the investments using the Fair Value Alternative.  The Company’s investments in these equity securities are not classified in the fair value hierarchy due to the use of these measurement methods.  Additionally, the Company is a limited partner in partnerships that invest primarily in early-stage companies.  While the partnerships record these investments at fair value, the Company’s investments in the partnerships are accounted for under the equity method of accounting and are not subject to fair value measurement disclosures noted above.  As of both March 28, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company’s equity method investments included investments in partnerships with a carrying value of approximately $
1.4
billion.  Refer to Note 7 for additional information on gains and losses on