opportunities in high-growth markets, trends and costs associated with a global labor force, consolidation of the Company’s competitors and increasing regulation.  The Company operates in a highly competitive business environment in most markets, and the Company’s long-term growth and profitability will depend in particular on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and high-growth market segments, identify, consummate and integrate appropriate acquisitions and identify and consummate appropriate investments and strategic partnerships, develop innovative and differentiated new products and services with higher gross profit margins, expand and improve the effectiveness of the Company’s sales force, continue to reduce costs and improve operating efficiency and quality and effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated global environment.  The Company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions and investments, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development and customer-facing resources (particularly in high-growth markets) to be responsive to the Company’s customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the Company’s operations.
21
Table of Contents
Business Performance and Outlook
During the first quarter of 2025, the Company’s overall revenues decreased 1.0% compared to the comparable period of 2024.  Core sales were flat in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the comparable prior year period as higher core sales in the Biotechnology segment were offset by lower core sales in the Life Sciences and Diagnostics segments.  The impact of acquisitions increased reported sales 0.5% and foreign currency decreased reported sales 1.5%.  Price increases did not have a significant impact on the change in sales on a year-over-year basis during the three-month period ended March 28, 2025 and are reflected as a component of core sales above.  For the definitions of “core sales” and “acquisitions” refer to “—Results of Operations” below.
Geographically, the Company’s sales in the three-month period ended March 28, 2025 in developed markets decreased year-over-year by 1% and core sales in developed markets were down slightly.  Low-single digit core sales declines in North America more than offset low-single digit core sales increases in Western Europe.  The decrease in core sales in developed markets was primarily driven by declines in the Life Sciences segment, partially offset by increased core sales in the Biotechnology segment.  For the same period, sales in high-growth markets were flat year-over-year and core sales in high-growth markets increased at a low-single digit rate as increased core sales in other regions more than offset a high-single digit decline in core revenue in China.  The increase in core sales in high-growth markets was primarily driven by increased demand in the Biotechnology