estimable.  For a further description of the Company’s litigation and contingencies, refer to Note 17 of the Company’s financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 included in the Company’s 2024 Annual Report.
6
Table of Contents
NOTE 2.
ACQUISITIONS
For a description of the Company’s acquisition activity for the year ended December 31, 2024, reference is made to the financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 and Note 2 thereto included in the Company’s 2024 Annual Report.  There were
no
acquisitions during the three-month period ended
March 28, 2025.
The Company continually evaluates potential acquisitions that either strategically fit with the Company’s existing portfolio or expand the Company’s portfolio into a new and attractive business area.  The Company has completed a number of acquisitions that have been accounted for as purchases and have resulted in the recognition of goodwill in the Company’s financial statements.  This goodwill arises because the purchase prices for these businesses exceed the fair value of acquired identifiable net assets due to the purchase prices reflecting a number of factors including the future earnings and cash flow potential of these businesses, the multiple to earnings, cash flow and other factors at which similar businesses have been purchased by other acquirers, the competitive nature of the processes by which the Company acquired the businesses, the avoidance of the time and costs which would be required (and the associated risks that would be encountered) to enhance the Company’s existing product offerings to key target markets and enter into new and profitable businesses and the complementary strategic fit and resulting synergies these businesses bring to existing operations.
The Company makes an initial allocation of the purchase price at the date of acquisition based upon its understanding of the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities.  The Company obtains the information used for the purchase price allocation during due diligence and through other sources.  In the months after closing, as the Company obtains additional information about the acquired assets and liabilities, including through tangible and intangible asset appraisals, and learns more about the newly acquired business, it is able to refine the estimates of fair value and more accurately allocate the purchase price.  The fair values of acquired intangibles are determined based on estimates and assumptions that are deemed reasonable by the Company.  Significant assumptions include the discount rates and certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results of the acquired business including earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”), revenue, revenue growth rates, royalty rates and technology obsolescence rates.  These assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions.  The Company