Stock-based compensation has been recognized as a component of SG&A expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Statements of Earnings.  As of March 28, 2025, $
294
million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs/PSUs is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately
two years
.  As of March 28, 2025, $
242
million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately
two years
.  Future compensation amounts will be adjusted for any changes in estimated forfeitures.
17
Table of Contents
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
Accumulated OCI refers to certain gains and losses that under U.S. GAAP are included in comprehensive income (loss) but are excluded from net earnings as these amounts are initially recorded as an adjustment to stockholders’ equity.  Foreign currency translation adjustments generally relate to indefinite investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries, as well as the impact from the Company’s hedges of its net investment in foreign operations, including the Company’s cross-currency swap derivatives, net of any income tax impacts.
The changes in accumulated OCI by component are summarized below ($ in millions).
(a)
This accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) component is included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (refer to Note 7 for additional details).
(b)
Reflects reclassification to earnings related to cash flow hedges of certain long-term debt (refer to Note 11 for additional details).
18
Table of Contents
ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) is designed to provide material information relevant to an assessment of Danaher Corporation’s (“Danaher,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our”) financial condition and results of operations, including an evaluation of the amounts and certainty of cash flows from operations and from outside sources.  The MD&A is designed to focus specifically on material events and uncertainties known to management that are reasonably likely to cause reported financial information not to be necessarily indicative of future operating results or of future financial condition.  This includes descriptions and amounts of matters that have had a material impact on reported operations, as well as matters that are reasonably likely based on management’s assessment to have a material impact on future operations.  The Company’s MD&A is divided into five sections:
•
Information Relating to Forward-Looking Statements
•
Overview
•
Results of Operations
•
Liquidity and Capital Resources
•
Critical Accounting Estimates
You should read this discussion along with the Company’s MD&A and audited financial statements and Notes thereto as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024, included in the Company’s 2024 Annual Report