the 2026 Biopharma Euronotes as long-term debt in the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets (even though such borrowings are scheduled to mature within one year of March 28, 2025) as the Company had the intent and ability, as supported by availability under the Credit Facility, to refinance these borrowings for at least one year from the balance sheet date.
As of March 28, 2025, borrowings outstanding under the Company’s euro-denominated commercial paper program had a weighted average annual interest rate of
2.8
% and a weighted average remaining maturity of approximately
42
days.  There were
no
borrowings outstanding under the U.S. dollar-denominated commercial paper program as of March 28, 2025.
Guarantors of Debt
The Company has guaranteed long-term debt and commercial paper issued by certain of its wholly-owned finance subsidiaries: Danaher International, Danaher International II, Danaher Switzerland and Danaher Japan.  All of the outstanding and future securities issued by each of these entities are or will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and these guarantees rank on parity with the Company’s unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness.
NOTE 11.
HEDGING TRANSACTIONS AND DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The Company uses cross-currency swap derivative contracts to partially hedge its net investments in non-U.S. operations against adverse movements in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the Danish kroner, Japanese yen, euro and Swiss franc.  These contracts are agreements to exchange fixed-rate payments in one currency for fixed-rate payments in another currency and effectively convert U.S. dollar-denominated bonds to obligations denominated in the hedged currency.  These contracts also reduce the interest rate from the stated interest rates on the U.S. dollar-denominated debt to the interest rates of the swaps.  The changes in the spot rate of these instruments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“OCI”) in stockholders’ equity, partially offsetting the foreign currency translation adjustment of the Company’s related net investment that is also recorded in accumulated OCI.  The interest income or expense from these swaps are recorded in interest expense in the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Statements of Earnings consistent with the classification of interest expense attributable to the underlying debt.  These instruments mature on dates ranging from September 2025 to December 2031.
The Company also uses cross-currency swap derivative contracts to hedge U.S. dollar-denominated long-term debt issuances in a foreign subsidiary whose functional currency is the euro against adverse movements in exchange rates.  These contracts effectively convert these U.S. dollar-denominated bonds to obligations denominated in euro.  The changes in the fair value of these instruments are recorded in accumulated OCI and are subsequently reclassified to net earnings to offset the remeasurement