are classified as either current or long-term in the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets based on the timing of when the Company expects to recognize revenue.  As of March 28, 2025 and December 31, 2024, contract liabilities were approximately $
1.7
billion and $
1.5
billion, respectively, and are included within accrued expenses and other liabilities and other long-term liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets.  The increase in the contract liability balance during the three-month period ended March 28, 2025 was primarily a result of cash payments received in advance of satisfying performance obligations, partially offset by amounts recognized as revenue.  Revenue recognized during the three-month periods ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024 that was included in the contract liability balance on December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was $
497
million and $
547
million, respectively.
NOTE 5.
SEGMENT INFORMATION
The Company operates and reports its results in
three
separate business segments consisting of the Biotechnology, Life Sciences and Diagnostics segments.  Operating profit represents total revenues less operating expenses, excluding nonoperating income and expense, interest and income taxes.  The identifiable assets by segment are those used in each segment’s operations.  Intersegment amounts are not significant and are eliminated to arrive at consolidated totals.
The chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) uses segment sales and operating profit to allocate resources (including employees and financial or capital resources), predominantly through the annual budget process, to assess the performance of the segments and to evaluate the performance of certain employees for the determination of compensation.  The CODM reviews forecast-to-actual variances in segment sales and operating profit on a monthly basis when making decisions about allocating capital and personnel to the segments.
9
Table of Contents
The table below reconciles segment sales to segment operating profit with the expense categories presented reflecting the expenses that the Company has determined to be significant segment expenses.  Significant segment expenses are the expense category details regularly provided to the CODM to allocate resources to the segments and to evaluate segment performance.
Detailed segment data for the three-month periods ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024 is as follows ($ in millions):
(a)
Other consists of unallocated corporate costs and other costs not considered part of management’s evaluation of reportable segment operating performance.
(b)
Other segment expenses for each reportable segment include cost of sales, selling, general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses, research and development (“R&D”) expenses, excluding in each case depreciation and amortization of intangible assets.  Included within these categories of expenses are overhead expenses, stock compensation expense, restructuring charges and