financial institutions or invested in highly liquid investment-grade debt instruments with a maturity of 90 days or less.  Of the cash and cash equivalents, $378 million was held within the U.S. and approximately $1.6 billion was held outside of the U.S.  The Company will continue to have cash requirements to support general corporate purposes, which may include working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments, paying interest and servicing debt, paying taxes and any related interest or penalties, funding its restructuring activities and pension plans as required, paying dividends to shareholders, repurchasing shares of the Company’s common stock and supporting other business needs.
The Company generally intends to use available cash and internally generated funds to meet these cash requirements, but in the event that additional liquidity is required, the Company may also borrow under its commercial paper programs (if available) or borrow under the Company’s Credit Facility, enter into new credit facilities and either borrow directly thereunder or use such credit facilities to backstop additional borrowing capacity under its commercial paper programs (if available) and/or access the capital markets (if available).  The Company also may from time to time seek to access the capital markets to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions.  With respect to the commercial paper and any other notes scheduled to mature during the next twelve months, the Company expects to repay the principal amounts when due using available cash, proceeds from new issuances of commercial paper (if available), drawing on its Credit Facility and/or proceeds from other debt issuances.  Refer to Note 10 to the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for additional information regarding the classification of commercial paper and other notes scheduled to mature during the next twelve months.
While repatriation of some cash held outside the U.S. may be restricted by local laws, most of the Company’s foreign cash could be repatriated to the U.S.  Following enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the associated Transition Tax, in general, repatriation of cash to the U.S. can be completed with no incremental U.S. tax; however, repatriation of cash could subject the Company to non-U.S. taxes on distributions.  The cash that the Company’s non-U.S. subsidiaries hold for indefinite reinvestment is generally used to finance foreign operations and investments, including acquisitions.  The income taxes, if any, that would be applicable to the repatriation of such earnings (including basis differences in our foreign subsidiaries) are not readily determinable.  As of March 28, 2025, management believes that it has sufficient sources of liquidity to satisfy its cash needs, including its cash needs in the U.S.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
There have been no material changes to the Company’s critical