three-month periods ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024.  Should any ineffectiveness arise, any ineffective portions of the hedges would be reclassified from accumulated OCI into earnings during the period of change.  The cash inflows and outflows associated with the Company’s derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges are classified in all other investing activities in the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows.  The cash inflows and outflows associated with the Company’s derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges are classified in cash flows from operating activities in the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows.
The Company’s derivative instruments, as well as its nonderivative debt instruments designated and qualifying as net investment hedges, were classified in the Company’s Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets as follows ($ in millions):
Amounts related to the Company’s derivatives expected to be reclassified from accumulated OCI to net earnings during the next 12 months, if interest rates and foreign exchange rates remain unchanged, were not significant.
16
Table of Contents
NOTE 12.
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
Stockholders’ Equity
On July 22, 2024, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a repurchase program (the “Repurchase Program”) authorizing the repurchase of up to
20
million shares of the Company’s common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions.  During the three-month period ended March 28, 2025 the Company repurchased approximately
4.5
million shares of the Company’s common stock for approximately $
1.1
billion (which includes $
11
million of excise taxes which will be paid in 2026) as part of the Repurchase Program.
As of March 28, 2025, approximately
12
million shares remained available for repurchase pursuant to the Repurchase Program.  There is no expiration date for the Repurchase Program, and the timing and amount of any shares repurchased under the program will be determined by members of the Company’s management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors.  The Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time.  Any repurchased shares will be available for use in connection with the Company’s equity compensation plans (or any successor plans) and for other corporate purposes.
The following table summarizes the Company’s share activity (shares in millions):
Stock-Based Compensation
For a full description of the Company’s stock-based compensation programs, refer to Note 18 of the Company’s financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 included in the Company’s 2024 Annual Report.  As of March 28, 2025, approximately
42
million shares of the Company’s common stock were reserved for issuance under the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan.
The following summarizes the components of the Company’s stock-based compensation expense ($ in millions):