items because the nature, size, timing and number of acquisitions and divestitures can vary dramatically from period-to-period and between the Company and its peers and can also obscure underlying business trends and make comparisons of long-term performance difficult.
Throughout this discussion, references to sales growth or decline refer to the impact of both price and unit sales and references to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost-efficiencies resulting from the ongoing application of the Danaher Business System.
Sales Decline and Core Sales Growth
Operating Profit Performance
Operating profit margins decreased 40 basis points from 22.6% during the three-month period ended March 29, 2024 to 22.2% for the three-month period ended March 28, 2025.
First quarter 2025 vs. first quarter 2024 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by:
•
The impact of product mix, reduced leverage on the Company’s operations and administrative cost structure and the impact of currency exchange rates - 30 basis points
•
Incremental dilutive effect in 2025 of acquired businesses and the impact of a product line disposition which did not qualify as discontinued operations - 25 basis points
•
First quarter 2025 impairment charge related to a facility in the Biotechnology segment - 25 basis points
23
Table of Contents
First quarter 2025 vs. first quarter 2024 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by:
•
First quarter 2024 acquisition-related fair value adjustment to inventory - 40 basis points
Business Segments
Sales by business segment for each of the periods indicated were as follows ($ in millions):
For information regarding the Company’s sales by geographical region, refer to Note 4 to the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements.
BIOTECHNOLOGY
The Biotechnology segment includes the bioprocessing and discovery and medical businesses and offers a broad range of equipment, consumables and services that are primarily used by customers to advance and accelerate the research, development, manufacture and delivery of biological medicines.  The Company’s solutions support a broad range of biotherapeutics including monoclonal antibodies, recombinant proteins, replacement therapies such as insulin and vaccines, as well as novel cell, gene, mRNA and other nucleic acid therapies.
Biotechnology Selected Financial Data
Sales Growth and Core Sales Growth
Price increases in the segment contributed 1.0% to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during the three-month period ended March 28, 2025 and are reflected as a component of core sales above.
Total segment sales increased 6.0% during the three-month period.  In the three-month period, the increase in segment sales was led by increased core sales in the bioprocessing business, partially offset by the impact of currency exchange rates.  Total segment core sales increased across most major geographic regions.  Improved demand for consumables was