and investment/development, can adversely affect our business and financial statements.  The U.S. has announced and/or implemented significant new tariffs on imports from a wide range of countries, which has prompted retaliatory tariffs by a number of countries and a cycle of retaliatory tariffs by both the U.S. and other countries.  In early April 2025, actions were taken by the U.S. and certain other countries to delay the effective date of certain of these tariffs, but as of the date of this report a number of new tariffs remain in effect, including significant tariffs between the U.S. and China.  Collectively, these tariffs increase the cost to us of supplies and components we import, which in turn has required and will require us to implement surcharges and/or increase the price of certain of our products; can increase the cost to our customers of certain of our finished goods, which together with the surcharges and price increases noted above can adversely impact demand for our products and our competitive positioning; could adversely impact the availability to us of certain products in certain countries and disrupt our supply chains, with related impacts to our operations; and could exacerbate inflation, diminish investment and result in broader negative impacts, economic instability and capital markets dislocation that may adversely impact demand for our products.  In addition, whenever we are unable to fully recover higher costs, or whenever there is a time delay between the increase in costs and our ability to recover these costs, our margins and profitability can decline.  The U.S. may implement additional tariffs and other measures, further retaliatory tariffs and other retaliatory actions may follow and the risks and adverse effects noted above may increase.  Please see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for further discussion of the impact of these tariffs.  Though the risks identified above in certain cases have already adversely impacted part of our business, the full impact of these tariffs and other actions on the Company and on our business partners remains highly uncertain and subject to rapid change.
In addition, certain governments have implemented policies to induce “re-shoring” of supply chains, reduce reliance on imported supplies and promote national production.  For example, the Chinese government has issued a series of policies in the past several years to promote the development and use of local medical devices.
All of the risks identified in this risk factor can adversely affect our business and financial statements.
ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
On July 22, 2024, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a repurchase program (the “Repurchase Program”) authorizing the repurchase of up to 20 million shares of the Company’s common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately