partially offset by lower demand for equipment.  Year-over-year core sales increases in the bioprocessing business were primarily driven by improved consumables demand from large pharmaceutical customers, primarily in North America, Europe and Southeast Asia.  Core sales decreased slightly in China as a result of weaker demand for equipment. Core sales in the discovery and medical business increased year-over-year as core sales growth in the high-growth markets was partially offset by lower core sales in North America.
24
Table of Contents
Operating Profit Performance
Operating profit margins increased 610 basis points during the three-month period ended March 28, 2025 as compared to the comparable period of 2024.
First quarter 2025 vs. first quarter 2024 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by:
•
Higher 2025 core sales, the impact of product mix and improvements in the segment’s operational and administrative cost structure, net of the impact of currency exchange rates - 700 basis points
First quarter 2025 vs. first quarter 2024 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by:
•
First quarter 2025 impairment charge related to a facility in the Biotechnology segment - 90 basis points
Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets as a percentage of sales decreased during the three-month period ended March 28, 2025 as compared to the comparable period of 2024, primarily as a result of the increase in sales.
LIFE SCIENCES
The Life Sciences segment offers a broad range of instruments, consumables, services and software that are primarily used by customers to study the basic building blocks of life, including DNA and RNA, nucleic acid, proteins, metabolites and cells, in order to understand the causes of disease, identify new therapies, and test and manufacture new drugs, vaccines and gene editing technologies.  Additionally, the segment provides products and consumables used to filter and remove contaminants from a variety of liquids and gases in many end-market applications.
Life Sciences Selected Financial Data
Sales Decline and Core Sales Decline
25
Table of Contents
Price increases in the segment did not have a significant impact on the change in sales on a year-over-year basis during the three-month period ended March 28, 2025 and are reflected as a component of core sales above.
Total segment sales decreased 3.5% during the three-month period ended March 28, 2025, primarily as a result of decreased core sales and to a lesser extent the impact of currency exchange rates, partially offset by acquisitions.  The year-over-year decrease in core sales in the three-month period was led by the genomics consumables business, primarily in North America.  The year-over-year core sales decline in the genomics consumables business was primarily driven by lower demand for the plasmids and protein product lines at two large customers, which more than offset increased demand for next generation sequencing products.