engages third-party valuation specialists who review the Company’s critical assumptions and calculations of the fair value of acquired intangible assets in connection with significant acquisitions.  Only facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date are considered for subsequent adjustment.
Pro Forma Financial Information
The unaudited pro forma information for the periods set forth below gives effect to the 2024 acquisitions as if they had occurred as of the beginning of the comparable prior annual reporting period, including the results from operations for the acquired businesses as well as the impact of assumed financing of the transaction and the impact of the purchase price allocation (including the amortization of acquired intangible assets).  The pro forma information is presented for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that actually would have been achieved had the acquisitions been consummated as of that time ($ in millions, except per share amounts):
The three-month period ended March 29, 2024 unaudited pro forma net earnings were adjusted to exclude the pretax impact of a $
25
million nonrecurring acquisition date fair value adjustment to inventory.
NOTE 3.
NET EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE
Basic net earnings per common share (“EPS”) is calculated by taking net earnings divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the applicable period.  Diluted net EPS is computed by taking net earnings increased by the number of additional shares that would have been outstanding had the potentially dilutive common shares been issued and reduced by the number of shares the Company could have repurchased with the proceeds from the issuance of the potentially dilutive shares.  For the three-month periods ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024, approximately
5.3
million and
442
thousand options, respectively, to purchase shares were excluded from the diluted EPS calculation, as the impact of their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive.
7
Table of Contents
Information related to the calculation of net earnings per common share is summarized as follows ($ and shares in millions, except per share amounts):
NOTE 4.
REVENUE
The following tables present the Company’s revenues disaggregated by geographical region and revenue type for the three-month periods ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024
($ in millions)
.  Sales taxes and other usage-based taxes collected from customers are excluded from revenue.
(a)
The Company defines North America as the United States and Canada.
(b
)
The Company defines other developed markets as all the markets of the world that are not North America, Western Europe or high-growth markets.
(c)
The Company defines high-growth markets as developing markets of the world experiencing accelerated growth, over extended periods, in gross domestic product and infrastructure which include Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America