of the hedged debt that is also recorded in net earnings.  The interest income or expense from these swaps are recorded in interest expense in the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Statements of Earnings consistent with the classification of interest expense attributable to the underlying debt.  These instruments mature on dates ranging from November 2029 to November 2049.
The Company has also issued foreign currency denominated long-term debt as partial hedges of its net investments in foreign operations against adverse movements in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the euro, Japanese yen and Swiss franc.  These debt issuances are designated and qualify as nonderivative hedging instruments.  Accordingly, the foreign currency translation of these debt instruments is recorded in accumulated OCI, offsetting the foreign currency translation adjustment of the Company’s related net investment that is also recorded in accumulated OCI.  These instruments mature on dates ranging from June 2025 to May 2032.
The Company used interest rate swap agreements to hedge the variability in cash flows due to changes in benchmark interest rates related to a portion of the debt the Company issued.  These contracts effectively fixed the interest rate for a portion of the Company’s debt equal to the notional amount of the swaps to the rate specified in the interest rate swap agreements and were settled in November 2019 and December 2021.  The changes in the fair value of these instruments were recorded in accumulated OCI prior to the issuance of the debt and are subsequently being reclassified to interest expense over the life of the related debt.
15
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes the notional values as of March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024 and pretax impact of changes in the fair values of instruments designated as net investment hedges and cash flow hedges in accumulated OCI for the three-month periods ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024 ($ in millions):
Gains or losses related to the net investment hedges are classified as foreign currency translation adjustments in the schedule of changes in OCI in Note 12, as these items are attributable to the Company’s hedges of its net investment in foreign operations.  Gains or losses related to the cash flow hedges are classified as cash flow hedge adjustments in the schedule of changes in OCI in Note 12.  The amount reclassified from OCI for the cross-currency swap derivative contracts that are cash flow hedges of the Company’s U.S. dollar-denominated debt was equal to the remeasurement amount recorded in the three-month period on the hedged debt.
The Company did not reclassify any other deferred gains or losses related to net investment hedges or cash flow hedges from accumulated OCI to earnings during the three-month periods ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024.  In addition, the Company did not have any ineffectiveness related to net investment hedges or cash flow hedges during the