Lower demand in the academic and government end-markets reduced core sales in the protein consumables and in the flow cytometry and lab automation solutions businesses while in the filtration business, decreased demand in the energy-related end-market more than offset increased demand in the microelectronic end-market.  During the three-month period, year-over-year core sales increased in the microscopy and mass spectrometry businesses with increased demand for consumables.  The microscopy business also saw increased demand for equipment in the confocal product line.
Operating Profit Performance
Operating profit margins decreased 150 basis points during the three-month period ended March 28, 2025 as compared to the comparable period of 2024.
First quarter 2025 vs. first quarter 2024 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by:
•
Lower first quarter 2025 core sales, the impact of product mix and the impact of reduced leverage in the segment’s operational and administrative cost structure - 250 basis points
•
The incremental dilutive effect in 2025 of acquired businesses - 40 basis points
First quarter 2025 vs. first quarter 2024 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by:
•
First quarter 2024 acquisition-related fair value adjustment to inventory - 140 basis points
Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets increased as a percentage of sales during the three-month period ended March 28, 2025, primarily as a result of the decrease in sales and the impact of acquisitions.
DIAGNOSTICS
The Diagnostics segment offers clinical instruments, consumables, software and services that hospitals, physicians’ offices, reference laboratories and other critical care settings use to diagnose disease and make treatment decisions.
Diagnostics Selected Financial Data
26
Table of Contents
Sales Decline and Core Sales Decline
Price decreases, attributable to factors discussed below, in the segment of 0.5% negatively impacted the year-over-year change in sales during the three-month period ended March 28, 2025 and are reflected as a component of core sales above.
Total segment sales decreased 3.0% during the three-month period, primarily as a result of decreased core sales and to a lesser extent currency exchange rates and the impact of divestitures.  Overall segment core sales decline was driven primarily by decreased core sales in China attributable to the impact of China’s volume-based procurement program and healthcare reimbursement changes.  During the three-month period, core sales in the molecular diagnostics business declined year-over-year as decreased core sales of respiratory disease tests more than offset increased core sales in non-respiratory tests.  In the segment’s clinical diagnostics businesses core sales increased during the three-month period on a year-over-year basis as increases in the pathology and acute care diagnostics businesses more than offset declines in the clinical lab business.
Operating