profitability would be adversely impacted.  If the delayed tariffs come into effect or other additional tariffs are adopted, the Company would incur additional tariff costs that could be material.
In addition to changes in trade policy, the new U.S. administration has implemented a number of other policy and regulatory changes, including the elimination, downsizing and reduced funding of certain government agencies and programs as well as changes in the policy positions of such agencies.
The full impact of the matters noted above on the Company, our business partners, the overall economy and capital markets remains uncertain, but the Company currently expects end-market demand for the remainder of 2025 to be relatively consistent with the first quarter of 2025.  Refer to “Risk Factors” for additional information.
22
Table of Contents
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Non-GAAP Measures
In this report, references to the non-GAAP measure of core sales (also referred to as core revenues or sales/revenues from existing businesses) refer to sales calculated according to U.S. GAAP, but excluding:
•
sales from acquired businesses (as defined below); and
•
the impact of currency translation.
References to sales or operating profit attributable to acquisitions or acquired businesses refer to sales or operating profit, as applicable, from acquired businesses recorded prior to the first anniversary of the acquisition less any sales and operating profit, during the applicable period, attributable to divested product lines not considered discontinued operations.  The portion of revenue attributable to currency translation is calculated as the difference between:
•
the period-to-period change in revenue (excluding sales from acquired businesses (as defined above)); and
•
the period-to-period change in revenue (excluding sales from acquired businesses (as defined above)) after applying current period foreign exchange rates to the prior year period.
Core sales growth (decline) should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for or superior to, sales, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.  Management believes that reporting this non-GAAP financial measure provides useful information to investors by helping identify underlying growth trends in Danaher’s business and facilitating comparisons of Danaher’s revenue performance with its performance in prior and future periods and to Danaher’s peers.  Management also uses this non-GAAP financial measure to measure the Company’s operating and financial performance and uses core sales growth as one of the performance measures in the Company’s executive short-term cash incentive compensation program.  The Company excludes the effect of currency translation from this measure because currency translation is not under management’s control, is subject to volatility and can obscure underlying business trends.  The Company excludes the effect of acquisitions and divestiture-related