accounting estimates as described in the 2024 Annual Report.
ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk appear in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Financial Instruments and Risk Management,” in the Company’s 2024 Annual Report.
ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
The Company’s management, with the participation of the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based on such evaluation, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
There have been no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the Company’s most recent completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
32
Table of Contents
PART II - OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
For additional information regarding legal proceedings, refer to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Legal Proceedings” in the Company’s 2024 Annual Report.
Consistent with SEC Regulation S-K Item 103, the Company has elected to disclose those environmental proceedings (if any) with a governmental entity as a party where the Company reasonably believes such proceeding would result in monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, of $1 million or more.
ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS
The Company is supplementing the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company's 2024 Annual Report with the following risk factor.  Additional information regarding risk factors can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Information Related to Forward-Looking Statements,” in Part I—Item 2 of this Report and in Part I—Item 1A of Danaher’s 2024 Annual Report.
Significant developments or changes in national laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and/or address foreign competition can have an adverse effect on our business and financial statements.
Significant developments or changes in national laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and/or address foreign competition, including laws and policies in areas such as trade, manufacturing, government purchasing, healthcare, intellectual property, regulatory enforcement