(including Mexico) and Asia (with the exception of Japan, Australia and New Zealand).  The Company defines developed markets as all markets of the world that are not high-growth markets.
8
Table of Contents
The Company’s products and services primarily consist of life sciences research, biopharmaceutical drug production and medical diagnostic products and services.  The Company sells equipment to customers as well as consumables, software and services, some of which customers purchase on a recurring basis.  Consumables sold for use with the equipment sold by the Company are typically critical to the use of the equipment and are typically used on a one-time or limited basis, requiring frequent replacement in the customer’s operating cycle.  Examples of these consumables include reagents used in diagnostic tests, chromatography resins used for research and bioprocessing and filters used in filtration, separation and purification processes.  Additionally, some of the Company’s consumables are used on a standalone basis, such as custom nucleic acids, genomics solutions, antibodies and immunoassays.  The Company separates its goods and services between those typically sold to a customer on a recurring basis and those typically sold to a customer on a nonrecurring basis.  Recurring revenue includes revenue from consumables (both used with Company equipment and used on a standalone basis), services and operating-type leases (“OTLs”).  Nonrecurring revenue includes sales of equipment and sales-type leases (“STLs”).  OTLs and STLs are included in the above revenue amounts.  For the three-month periods ended March 28, 2025 and March 29, 2024, lease revenue was $
114
million and $
99
million, respectively.
Remaining performance obligations related to
Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers,
represent the aggregate transaction price allocated to performance obligations with an original contract term greater than one year which are fully or partially unsatisfied at the end of the period.  As of March 28, 2025, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was approximately $
4.5
billion.  The Company expects to recognize revenue on approximately
48
% of the remaining performance obligations over the next
12
months,
26
% over the subsequent
12
months, and the remainder recognized thereafter.
The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed accounts receivable, unbilled receivables (“contract assets”) and deferred revenue, customer deposits and billings in excess of revenue recognized (“contract liabilities”) on the Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets.  Contract assets and liabilities are reported on a net basis (on a contract-by-contract basis) on the accompanying Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets at the end of each reporting period.
The Company often receives cash payments from customers in advance of the Company’s performance resulting in contract liabilities that