foreign currency translation adjustments and to a lesser extent, gains on cash flow hedges, partially offset by lower net earnings.  The Company recorded foreign currency translation gains of approximately $1.4 billion for the three-month period ended March 28, 2025 compared to losses of $948 million for the three-month period ended March 29, 2024.  The foreign currency translation gains in the three-month period ended March 28, 2025 were primarily driven by the change in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the Swedish krona.  Foreign currency translation adjustments reflect the gain or loss resulting from the impact of the change in currency exchange rates on the Company’s foreign operations as they are translated to the Company’s reporting currency, the U.S. dollar.  The Company recorded gains of $156 million from cash flow hedge adjustments related to the Company’s cross-currency swap derivative contracts for the three-month period ended March 28, 2025 as compared to losses of $50 million for the comparable period of 2024.
29
Table of Contents
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
Management assesses the Company’s liquidity in terms of its ability to generate cash to fund its operating, investing and financing activities.  The Company continues to generate substantial cash from operating activities and believes that its operating cash flow, cash on hand and other sources of liquidity will be sufficient to allow it to continue investing in existing businesses (including capital expenditures), consummating strategic acquisitions and investments, paying interest and servicing debt, paying dividends and funding restructuring activities, as well as to repurchase common stock when deemed appropriate and manage its capital structure on a short-term and long-term basis.
The Company has relied primarily on borrowings under its commercial paper program to address liquidity requirements that exceed the capacity provided by its operating cash flows and cash on hand, while also accessing the capital markets from time to time including to secure financing for more significant acquisitions.  Subject to any limitations that may result from market disruptions, the Company anticipates following the same approach in the future.
Overview of Cash Flows and Liquidity
Following is an overview of the Company’s cash flows and liquidity ($ in millions):
As of March 28, 2025, the Company held approximately $2.0 billion of cash and cash equivalents.
Operating Activities
Cash flows from operating activities can fluctuate significantly from period-to-period as working capital needs and the timing of payments for income taxes, restructuring activities and productivity improvement initiatives and other items impact reported cash flows.
Operating cash flows were approximately $1.3 billion for the first three months of 2025, a decrease of $440 million, or 25%, as compared to the comparable period of 2024.  The year-over-year change in operating cash flows from 2024 to