could contribute to lower attendance or spending at our parks and experiences businesses, prices that MVPDs pay for our cable programming, purchases of and prices for advertising on our DTC products and linear platforms, subscription levels for our cable programming or DTC platforms or licensing fees, while also continuing to increase the prices we pay for goods, services and labor. Even if inflationary pressures moderate, we expect certain costs, such as for labor, to remain elevated. In addition, an increase in price levels generally, or in price levels in a particular sector, could result in a shift in consumer demand away from the entertainment and experiences we offer, which could also adversely affect our revenues and, at the same time, increase our costs, including borrowing costs as a result of elevated interest rates, making it more difficult to obtain financing for our operations and investments on favorable terms. A decline in economic conditions or a failure of conditions to improve as anticipated could impact implementation or success of our business plans, such as our plans to increase investment in our Experiences segment, the realignment of our cost structure and plans for our DTC ad-supported services, enhancements, pricing structure and price increases. Unfavorable economic conditions also impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. The adverse impact on our businesses of actual or perceived declines in economic conditions or a failure of conditions to improve as anticipated will depend, in part, on their severity and duration and our ability to mitigate these impacts on our businesses is limited.
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates impact our revenues and the profitability of our businesses.
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar impact our revenues and the profitability of our businesses, including by impacting the cost in U.S. dollars of providing our goods and services, our revenues in U.S. dollars generated by our international businesses and the international demand for our domestic products and services. The current or continued strength in the value of the U.S. dollar adversely impacts the U.S. dollar value of revenue we receive and expect to receive from other markets and contributes to reduced international demand for our domestic products and services, including international travel to our domestic parks and resorts. A decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar often increases the cost of labor, goods and services in, or originating from, non-U.S. markets. Although we hedge exposure to fluctuations in certain foreign currencies, any such hedging activity may not substantially offset the negative financial impact of exchange rate fluctuations and is not expected to offset all such negative financial impact, particularly in periods of sustained U.S. dollar strength relative to multiple foreign currencies. Further, economic or