covenant relating to interest coverage of three times earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, including both intangible amortization and amortization of our film and television production and programming costs. On March 29, 2025, the Company met this covenant by a significant margin. The bank facilities specifically exclude certain entities, including the Asia Theme Parks, from any representations, covenants or events of default. The Company also has the ability to issue up to $
500
million of letters of credit under the facility expiring in March 2027, which if utilized, reduces available borrowings under this facility. As of March 29, 2025, the Company has $
0.5
billion of outstanding letters of credit, of which none were issued under this facility. Outstanding letters of credit at Star India totaling $
1.0
billion at March 29, 2025 that were entered into prior to the Star India Transaction are guaranteed by the Company through calendar 2025.
Cruise Ship Credit Facilities
In November 2024, in connection with the delivery of the
Disney Treasure
, the Company borrowed $
1.1
billion with a fixed interest rate of
3.80
%. Payments are due semi-annually over a 12-year term.
The Company has a credit facility for $
1.1
billion that may be utilized to finance a significant portion of the contract price of the
Disney Destiny
, which is currently scheduled to be delivered in fiscal 2026. If utilized, the loan will have a fixed interest rate of
3.74
%, payable semi-annually over a 12-year term.
16
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited; tabular dollars in millions, except for per share data)
Interest expense, net
Interest expense (net of amounts capitalized), interest and investment income, and net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs (other than service costs) (see Note 9) are reported net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and consist of the following:
Interest and investment income includes gains and losses on certain publicly traded and non-public investments, investment impairments and interest earned on cash and cash equivalents and certain receivables.
6.
International Theme Parks
The Company has a
48
% ownership interest in the operations of Hong Kong Disneyland Resort and a
43
% ownership interest in the operations of Shanghai Disney Resort. The Asia Theme Parks together with Disneyland Paris are collectively referred to as the International Theme Parks.
The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of the Asia Theme Parks’ assets and liabilities included in the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets:
The following table summarizes the International Theme Parks’ revenues and costs and expenses included in the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the six months ended March 29, 2025:
Asia Theme Parks’ royalty and management fees of $
145
million for the six months ended March 29, 2025 are eliminated in