flows are based on internal forecasts for each reporting unit, which consider projected inflation and other economic indicators, as well as industry growth projections. Discount rates are determined based on the inherent risks of the underlying operations. Significant judgments and assumptions in the discounted cash flow model used to determine fair value include future revenues and certain operating expenses, operating margins, terminal growth rates and discount rates. We believe our estimates are consistent with how a marketplace participant would value our businesses.
The majority of the Company’s recorded goodwill is assigned to the entertainment reporting unit (approximately $51 billion). Based on our annual assessment performed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the fair value of the entertainment reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by less than 10%, and an approximate 40 basis point increase in the discount rate or an approximate 6% reduction in projected annual cash flows used to determine the fair value of the entertainment reporting unit would effectively eliminate the excess fair value over carrying amount.
To test other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, the Company first performs a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of each of its indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds its fair value. If it is, a quantitative assessment is required. Alternatively, the Company may bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative impairment test.
The qualitative assessment requires the consideration of factors such as recent market transactions, macroeconomic conditions and changes in projected future cash flows.
The quantitative assessment compares the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess. Fair values of indefinite-lived intangible assets are determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, as appropriate.
The Company tests long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances (triggering events) indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Once a triggering event has occurred, the impairment test employed is based on whether the Company’s intent is to hold the asset for continued use or to hold the asset for sale. The impairment test for assets held for use requires a comparison of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated over the useful life of the significant assets of an asset group to the carrying amount of the asset group. An asset group is generally established by identifying the lowest level of cash flows generated by a group of assets that are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and could include assets used across multiple businesses. If