performance obligations satisfied as of September 30, 2023.
As of March 29, 2025, revenue for unsatisfied performance obligations expected to be recognized in the future is $
15
billion, primarily for IP to be made available in the future under existing agreements with merchandise and co-branding licensees and sponsors, DTC wholesalers, television station affiliates and sports sublicensees. Of this amount, we expect to
13
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited; tabular dollars in millions, except for per share data)
recognize approximately $
3
billion in the remainder of fiscal 2025, $
5
billion in fiscal 2026, $
3
billion in fiscal 2027 and $
4
billion thereafter. These amounts include only fixed consideration or minimum guarantees and do not include amounts related to (i) contracts with an original expected term of one year or less or (ii) licenses of IP that are solely based on the sales of the licensee.
When the timing of the Company’s revenue recognition is different from the timing of customer payments, the Company recognizes either a contract asset (customer payment is subsequent to revenue recognition and subject to the Company satisfying additional performance obligations) or deferred revenue (customer payment precedes the Company satisfying the performance obligations). Consideration due under contracts with payment in arrears is recognized as accounts receivable. Deferred revenues are recognized as (or when) the Company performs under the contract. The Company’s contract assets and activity for the current and prior-year periods were not material.
Accounts receivable and deferred revenues from contracts with customers are as follows:
For the quarter and six months ended March 29, 2025, the Company recognized revenue of $
1.0
billion and $
4.5
billion, respectively, that was included in the September 28, 2024 deferred revenue balance. For the quarter and six months ended March 30, 2024, the Company recognized revenue of $
0.9
billion and $
4.4
billion, respectively, that was included in the September 30, 2023 deferred revenue balance. Amounts deferred generally relate to theme park admissions and vacation packages, DTC subscriptions and advances related to merchandise and TV/VOD licenses.
We evaluate our allowance for credit losses and estimate collectability of current and non-current accounts receivable based on historical bad debt experience, our assessment of the financial condition of individual companies with which we do business, current market conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. In times of economic turmoil, our estimates and judgments with respect to the collectability of our receivables are subject to greater uncertainty than in more stable periods.
The Company has accounts receivable with original maturities greater than one year related to the sale of vacation club properties and film and television program rights (TV/VOD