Accordingly, negative impacts on our business occurring during a time of typical high seasonal demand such as our park closures due to hurricane damage during the summer travel season or other high seasons, could have a disproportionate effect on the results of that business for the year.
Our operations are impacted by our ability to attract and retain employees and costs of employee wages and health, welfare and retirement benefits, including postretirement medical benefits for some employees and retirees, may reduce our profitability.
With approximately 233,000 employees, the success of our businesses is substantially affected by our ability to attract and retain a workforce with the necessary skills for our varied businesses, including executing successfully on succession planning for the talent at all levels necessary to advance the Company’s key objectives and strategies. Further, our profitability is substantially affected by labor costs, including wages and our health, welfare and retirement benefits, including the costs of medical benefits for current employees and the costs of postretirement medical benefits for some current employees and retirees. We may experience significant increases in these costs as a result of macroeconomic, regulatory, competitive and other factors. For example, labor costs in our parks and resorts have increased, and we expect will continue to increase, as a result of collective bargaining agreements and wage laws and regulations where we operate. Further, certain conditions in the healthcare industry, such as prolonged workforce shortages or rising prescription drug prices, may lead to an increase in the cost of medical insurance and expenses. In addition, for benefits provided to certain employees, changes in asset values, investment returns and discount rates used to calculate pension and postretirement medical expense and related assets and liabilities can be volatile and may have an unfavorable impact on our costs in some years. These factors may also increase future funding requirements for these benefit plans. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in attracting and retaining the human resources necessary for the success of our businesses or in limiting cost increases from wages and other employee benefits, which could reduce the profitability of our businesses.
We face risks related to costs and expenses in connection with the acquisition of NBC Universal’s (NBCU) equity interest in Hulu and the TFCF acquisition.
On November 1, 2023, NBCU exercised its right to require the Company to purchase NBCU’s equity interest in Hulu under a put/call arrangement between the parties. The purchase price for NBCU’s equity interest in Hulu will be determined based on NBCU’s equity ownership percentage of the greater of Hulu’s equity fair value as of September 30, 2023 based on a contractual appraisal process, and a guaranteed floor value. Further, the Company will share with NBCU 50% of the Company’s tax