CONTENTS
Value at Risk (VAR)
The Company utilizes a VAR model to estimate the maximum potential one-day loss in the fair value of its interest rate, foreign exchange, commodities and market sensitive equity financial instruments. While various modeling techniques can be used in a VAR computation, the Company’s computations are based on a variance/co-variance technique, which assesses the interrelationships between movements in various interest rates, currencies, commodities and equity prices. These interrelationships were determined by observing interest rate, foreign currency, commodity and equity market changes over the preceding quarter for the calculation of VAR amounts at each fiscal quarter end. The model includes all of the Company’s debt,  interest rate and foreign exchange, and commodities derivatives, and market sensitive equity investments. Forecasted transactions, firm commitments and accounts receivable and payable denominated in foreign currencies, which certain of these instruments are intended to hedge, were excluded from the model. The VAR model estimates were made assuming normal market conditions and a 95% confidence level.
The VAR model is a risk analysis tool and does not purport to represent actual losses in fair value that will be incurred by the Company, nor does it consider the potential effect of favorable changes in market factors.
VAR on a combined basis decreased to $255 million at September 28, 2024 from $284 million at September 30, 2023 due to reduced interest rate volatility.
The estimated maximum potential one-day loss in fair value, calculated using the VAR model, is as follows (unaudited, in millions):
The VAR for Asia Theme Parks is immaterial as of September 28, 2024 and has been excluded from the above table.
ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
See Index to Financial Statements and Supplemental Data on page
67
.
ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We have established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and made known to the officers who certify the Company’s financial reports and to other members of senior management and the Board of Directors as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Based on their evaluation as of September 28, 2024, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Company have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over