and widespread computing failures. Hurricanes, such as Hurricanes Helene and Milton, which in the case of Hurricane Milton caused Walt Disney World Resort theme parks in Florida to close for one full and partial day, have impacted the operations and profitability of Walt Disney World Resort and may do so in the future. The Company has paused certain operations in certain regions, including in response to sanctions, trade restrictions and related developments and the profitability of certain operations has been impacted as a result of events in the corresponding regions.
In addition, we derive affiliate fees and royalties from the distribution of our programming, sales of our licensed goods and services by third parties, and the management of businesses operated under brands licensed from the Company, and we are therefore dependent on the successes of those third parties for that portion of our revenue. The profitability of one or more of our businesses could be adversely impacted by the significant contraction of distribution channels for our products and services,
19
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
including through third-party licensees or sellers of our licensed goods and services. In addition, third-party suppliers provide products and services essential to the operation of a number of our businesses. A wide variety of factors could influence the success of those third parties and if negative factors significantly impacted a sufficient number of those third parties or materially impacted a supplier of a significant product or service, the profitability of one or more of our businesses could be adversely affected. In specific geographic markets, we have experienced delayed and/or partial payments from certain third parties due to liquidity issues.
We obtain insurance against the risk of losses relating to some of these events, generally including certain physical damage to our property and resulting business interruption, certain injuries occurring on our property and some liabilities for alleged breach of legal responsibilities. When insurance is obtained it is subject to deductibles, exclusions, terms, conditions and limits of liability. The types and levels of coverage we obtain vary from time to time depending on our view of the likelihood of specific types and levels of loss in relation to the cost of obtaining coverage for such types and levels of loss and we experience losses not covered by our insurance, which could be material.
We face risks related to changes in our business strategy, which have affected and may continue to affect our cost structure, the profitability of our businesses and/or the value of our assets.
We adjust our business strategies from time to time in connection with changes in senior management and in our efforts to respond to changes in technology, consumer purchasing and consumption patterns, acceptance of our entertainment offerings, the market for advertising, macroeconomic conditions and other changes in the business