licensing). The balance of vacation club receivables recorded in other non-current assets was $
0.7
billion at both March 29, 2025 and September 28, 2024. The balance of TV/VOD licensing receivables recorded in other non-current assets was $
0.3
billion at both March 29, 2025 and September 28, 2024. The allowance for credit losses for vacation club and TV/VOD licensing receivables and related activity for the periods ended March 29, 2025 and September 28, 2024 were not material.
4.
Acquisitions and Dispositions
fuboTV Inc.
On January 6, 2025, the Company and fuboTV Inc. (Fubo), a publicly traded virtual multichannel video distributor (vMVPD), entered into a definitive agreement to combine certain of Hulu Live TV’s assets, including its carriage agreements, subscription agreements and related data, advertising and sponsorship agreements and intellectual property exclusively related to  the “Live TV” brand, with Fubo (the Fubo Transaction). As a result, the Company will have a
70
% interest in Fubo and the right to appoint a majority of Fubo’s Board of Directors, with the remaining
30
% interest retained by Fubo shareholders.
The Fubo Transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2026, subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and approval by Fubo shareholders. If closing has not occurred by April 2026 (extended to October 2026 if all other closing conditions, except those relating to regulatory approvals, have been satisfied), the Company or Fubo may terminate the transaction. A $
130
million termination fee will be payable by the Company to Fubo if the transaction is terminated under certain circumstances, including due to the Company’s breach of the definitive agreement or the failure to obtain certain regulatory approvals. A $
50
million termination fee will be payable by Fubo to the Company if the transaction is
14
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited; tabular dollars in millions, except for per share data)
terminated under certain other circumstances, including if Fubo shareholders do not approve the transaction under certain conditions.
Upon completion of the Fubo Transaction, the Company will be the exclusive distributor of the Hulu Live TV service under a five year distribution agreement and will pay a wholesale fee to Fubo based on Fubo’s cost to program Hulu Live TV. In addition, the Company will sell advertising for the Hulu Live TV service and Fubo platform for a fee.
In addition, the Company, Fox Corporation (Fox) and Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. (WBD) reached a settlement with Fubo related to Fubo’s antitrust claims (see Note 13 for additional detail) and collectively paid $
220
million to Fubo in January 2025. Fox and WBD have also agreed to reimburse a portion of the $
130
million termination fee to the Company if it becomes payable.
Further, the Company agreed to provide Fubo a senior unsecured term loan of up to $
145
million (expected to be