theme parks and is based on the number of unique daily entries, i.e. a person visiting multiple theme parks in a single day is counted only once. Our attendance count includes complimentary entries but excludes entries by children under the age of three.
(3)
Per capita guest spending is used to analyze guest spending trends and is defined as total revenue from ticket sales and sales of food, beverage and merchandise in our theme parks, divided by total theme park attendance.
(4)
Occupancy is used to analyze the usage of available capacity at hotels and is defined as the number of room nights occupied by guests as a percentage of available hotel room nights.
(5)
Available hotel room nights is defined as the total number of room nights that are available at our hotels and at Disney Vacation Club (DVC) properties located at our theme parks and resorts that are not utilized by DVC members. Available hotel room nights include rooms temporarily taken out of service.
(6)
Per room guest spending is used to analyze guest spending at our hotels and is defined as total revenue from room rentals and sales of food, beverage and merchandise at our hotels, divided by total occupied hotel room nights.
Operating expenses
Higher operating labor was due to inflation, increased volumes and new guest offerings. Infrastructure costs increased primarily due to technology spending. The decrease in cost of goods sold and distribution costs was driven by lower operations support costs and cost saving initiatives. The increase in other operating expense was primarily due to new guest offerings, higher operations support costs and volume growth, partially offset by cost saving initiatives.
Selling, general, administrative and other
Selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $61 million, to $1,024 million from $963 million, primarily due to higher marketing costs.
51
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Depreciation and amortization
Depreciation and amortization increased $70 million, to $705 million from $635 million, due to higher depreciation at our domestic parks and experiences driven by an increase at Disney Cruise Line.
Operating Income from Experiences
Segment operating income increased $205 million, to $2,491 million from $2,286 million due to growth at domestic parks and experiences and consumer products, partially offset by a decrease at international parks and experiences.
Supplemental revenue and operating income
The following table presents supplemental revenue and operating income detail for the Experiences segment:
52
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS - Current Period Six-Month
Results Compared to the Prior-Year Six-Month
Period
Entertainment
Revenue and operating results for the Entertainment segment are as follows:
Revenues
The increase in Entertainment revenues in the current period