Pacific. The
Disney Magic
and the
Disney Wonder
are 85,000-ton 875-stateroom ships; the
Disney Dream
and the
Disney Fantasy
are 130,000-ton 1,250-stateroom ships; and the
Disney Wish
and the
Disney Treasure
, which was delivered in October 2024, are 140,000-ton 1,250-stateroom ships. The ships cater to families, children, teenagers and adults, with themed areas and activities for each group. Many cruise vacations include a visit to Disney’s Castaway Cay, a 1,000-acre private Bahamian island, or Disney Lookout Cay at Lighthouse Point, which opened in June 2024 on approximately 600 acres of land on the island of Eleuthera.
Disney Cruise Line will be adding two new ships, the
Disney Adventure
and the
Disney Destiny,
which are scheduled to begin sailings in the first quarter of fiscal 2026. The
Disney Destiny
will be approximately 140,000 tons with 1,250 staterooms and will initially operate in North America. The
Disney Adventure
will be approximately 200,000 tons with approximately 2,100 staterooms and will initially operate in Southeast Asia.
Between calendar 2027 and 2031, the Company plans to add four more new cruise ships, all of which are currently under contract to be built.
In July 2024, the Company entered into a licensing agreement with OLC, under which OLC will own and operate a Disney-branded cruise ship based in Japan. The ship is currently under contract to be built, with sailings expected to commence by 2029. The Company will earn royalties on revenues generated by OLC.
Adventures by Disney and National Geographic Expeditions
Adventures by Disney and National Geographic Expeditions offer guided tour packages predominantly at non-Disney sites around the world.
Walt Disney Imagineering
Walt Disney Imagineering provides master planning, real estate development, attraction, entertainment and show design, engineering support, production support, project management and research and development.
Consumer Products
Licensing
The Company’s merchandise licensing operations cover a diverse range of product categories, the most significant of which are: toys, apparel, games, home décor and furnishings, accessories, health and beauty, food, footwear, stationery and consumer electronics. The Company licenses characters from its film, television and other properties for use on third-party products in these categories and earns royalties, which are usually based on a fixed percentage of the wholesale or retail selling price of the products and often include minimum guarantee payments from the licensees. Major properties licensed by the Company include: Mickey and Friends, Star Wars, Spider-Man, Disney Princess, Lilo & Stitch, Frozen, Avengers, Winnie the Pooh and Toy Story.
Retail
The Company sells Disney-, Marvel-, Pixar- and Lucasfilm-branded products through Disney Store branded internet sites and Disney Store branded retail locations. At September 28, 2024, the Company operates approximately 40 stores in Japan, 20 stores in North America, two