importation of goods from certain regions and other jurisdictions are considering similar measures; and
U.S. state governments have become more active in passing legislation targeted at specific sectors and companies and applying existing laws in novel ways to new technologies, including streaming and online commerce. In 2025, tariffs were announced with respect to and by certain U.S. trading partners, which although currently expected to have only a modest impact on our results in the near term, over the longer horizon could, depending on how these or future tariffs or other regulations with respect to trade are implemented, have a more significant impact on our results of operations, including by impacting the macroeconomic environment, increasing costs or adversely affecting demand for our goods and services.
Further, the legal and regulatory landscape for certain new technologies, such as AI, is uncertain and evolving and our compliance obligations could increase our costs or limit how we may use these technologies in one or more of our businesses.
76
ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
(c)
The following table provides information about Company purchases of equity securities that are registered by the Company pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended March 29, 2025:
(1)
Amounts exclude the one percent excise tax on stock repurchases imposed by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022.
(2)
Under a share repurchase program implemented effective February 7, 2024, the Company is authorized to repurchase a total of 400 million shares of its common stock. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date.
77
ITEM 5. Other Items
Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements
None of our directors or officers adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the quarterly period covered by this report.
Developments
During the third quarter, the Company and Miral LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the United Arab Emirates (Miral), agreed to create a Disney-branded theme park and resort in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, to be built and operated by Miral. The Company will license its IP for the operation of the theme park and resort and provide certain development and management services to the project. The Company will earn royalties based on the project’s revenues and it will also earn service fees. The Company will not provide capital for the project. The development of this project is subject to finalizing additional agreements among the parties.
78
ITEM 6. Exhibits
INDEX OF EXHIBITS
79
SIGNATURE
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
May 7, 2025
Burbank, California
80