specified amounts of our revenues in local content or to acquire content produced by local independent production companies. In addition, some countries regulate the content of films and television programming, which can impact our ability to distribute certain content in those jurisdictions or can require us to make adjustments to the films or programming. These laws and regulations increase our costs and impact our ability to operate our DTC streaming services and linear networks and distribute our films and programming in these markets.
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports are available without charge on our website, www.disney.com/investors, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
We also use our Investor Relations website as a means of disclosing material non-public information. We may also use our Investor Relations website for the purpose of complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in Disney to review the information we post on our Investor Relations website.
We are providing the address to our website solely for the information of investors. We do not intend our website address to be an active link or to otherwise incorporate the contents of the website into this report.
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors
For an enterprise as large and complex as the Company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations elsewhere in our filings with the SEC, the most significant factors affecting our business include the following:
RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESSES AND INDUSTRY
Declines in U.S., global and regional economic conditions adversely affect the profitability of our businesses.
Declines in economic conditions, such as recessions, other less severe slowdowns in economic activity and/or inflationary conditions in the U.S. and other regions of the world in which we do business typically adversely affect demand for our products and services and/or costs to operate our businesses, reducing our revenue and earnings. Past declines in economic conditions reduced or resulted in slower growth than expected in, among other things, guest spending at our parks and resorts, purchases of and prices for advertising on our platforms and purchases of Company-branded consumer products, and we expect similar impacts as such conditions recur. Recent inflationary conditions increased certain of our costs, including at our parks
17
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
and resorts. While a number of different factors affect the demand for our products and services, actual or perceived economic conditions