business, current market conditions and reasonable supportable forecasts of future economic conditions.
Advertising Expense
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
6.1
billion, $
6.4
billion and $
7.2
billion, respectively. The decrease in advertising expense for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 was due to a decrease in theatrical marketing costs. The decrease in advertising expense for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was due to lower spend for our DTC streaming services.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and marketable securities with original maturities of three months or less. Cash and cash equivalents subject to contractual restrictions and not readily available are classified as restricted cash.
The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheet to the total of the amounts in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Investments
Investments in equity securities with a readily determinable fair value, not accounted for under the equity method, are recorded at that value with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings. For equity securities without a readily determinable fair value, the investment is recorded at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus adjustments related to observable transactions for the same or similar securities, with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings.
For equity method investments, the Company regularly reviews its investments to determine whether there is a decline in fair value below book value. If there is a decline that is other-than-temporary, the investment is written down to fair value.
Translation Policy
Generally, the U.S. dollar is the functional currency for our international film and episodic content distribution and licensing businesses and the branded international channels and DTC streaming services. Generally, the local currency is the functional currency for the Asia Theme Parks, Disneyland Paris, international sports channels and international locations of The Disney Store.
84
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
For U.S. dollar functional currency locations, foreign currency assets and liabilities are remeasured into U.S. dollars at end-of-period exchange rates, except for non-monetary balance sheet accounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Revenue and expenses are remeasured at average exchange rates in effect during each period, except for those expenses related to the non-monetary balance sheet amounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are included in income.
For local currency functional locations, assets and liabilities are translated at end-of-period rates while revenues and expenses are translated at average rates in effect during the period. Equity is translated at historical rates and the resulting cumulative