as a “significant purpose” meeting the educational and informational needs of children 16 years of age and younger. FCC rules also give television station owners the right to reject or refuse network programming in certain circumstances or to substitute programming that the licensee reasonably believes to be of greater local or national importance.
•
Cable and satellite carriage of broadcast television stations.
With respect to MVPDs operating within a television station’s Designated Market Area, FCC rules require that every three years each television station elect either “must carry” status, pursuant to which MVPDs generally must carry a local television station in the station’s market, or “retransmission consent” status, pursuant to which the MVPDs must negotiate with the television station to obtain the consent of the television station prior to carrying its signal. The ABC owned television stations have historically elected retransmission consent.
•
Cable and satellite carriage of programming.
The Communications Act and FCC rules regulate some aspects of negotiations between programmers and distributors regarding the carriage of networks by cable and satellite distribution companies, and some cable and satellite distribution companies have sought regulation of additional aspects of the carriage of programming on their systems. New legislation, court action or regulation in this area could have an impact on the Company’s operations.
The foregoing is a brief summary of certain provisions of the Communications Act, other legislation and specific FCC rules and policies. Reference should be made to the Communications Act, other legislation, FCC rules and public notices and rulings of the FCC for further information concerning the nature and extent of the FCC’s regulatory authority.
FCC laws and regulations are subject to change, and the Company generally cannot predict whether new legislation, court action or regulations, or a change in the extent of application or enforcement of current laws and regulations, would have an adverse impact on our operations.
Privacy and Data Protection Regulation
Our businesses are subject to various privacy and data protection laws and regulations in most of the domestic and international jurisdictions in which our businesses operate. Those laws and regulations govern our use, collection, storage, retention and sharing of personal information and vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, including within the U.S. at the federal level and among the 50 states. This patchwork of domestic and international laws creates different obligations that are, at times, inconsistent with one another.
While there is no comprehensive privacy law in the U.S. at the federal level, there are a number of sector-specific federal privacy laws applicable to our operations, such as the Video Privacy Protection Act, which restricts the ability to share personal information along with specific viewing information with third parties. In