need to accelerate or slow the recognition of amortization expense.
Cost of content that is predominantly monetized as a group is tested for impairment by comparing the present value of the discounted cash flows of the group to the aggregate unamortized costs of the group. The group is established by identifying the lowest level for which cash flows are independent of the cash flows of other produced and licensed content. If the unamortized costs exceed the present value of discounted cash flows, an impairment charge is recorded for the excess and allocated to individual titles based on the relative carrying value of each title in the group. If there are no plans to continue to use an individual film or television program that is part of a group, the unamortized cost of the individual title is written down to its estimated fair value. Licensed content is included as part of the group within which it is monetized for purposes of impairment testing.
The amortization of multi-year sports rights is based on projections of revenues for each season relative to projections of total revenues over the contract period (estimated relative value). Projected revenues include advertising revenue and an allocation of affiliate revenue. If the annual contractual payments related to each season approximate each season’s estimated relative value, we expense the related contractual payments during the applicable season. If estimated relative values by year were to change significantly, amortization of our sports rights costs may be accelerated or slowed.
Revenue Recognition
The Company has revenue recognition policies for its various operating segments that are appropriate to the circumstances of each business. Refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for our revenue recognition policies.
Pension and Postretirement Medical Plan Actuarial Assumptions
The Company’s pension and postretirement medical benefit obligations and related costs are calculated using a number of actuarial assumptions. Two critical assumptions, the discount rate and the expected return on plan assets, are important elements of expense and/or liability measurement, which we evaluate annually. Other assumptions include the healthcare cost trend rate and employee demographic factors such as retirement patterns, mortality, turnover and rate of compensation increase.
The discount rate enables us to state expected future cash payments for benefits as a present value on the measurement date. A lower discount rate increases the present value of benefit obligations and increases pension and postretirement medical expense. The guideline for setting this rate is a high-quality long-term corporate bond rate. We decreased our discount rate to
5.06
% at the end of fiscal 2024 from
5.94
% at the end of fiscal 2023 to reflect market interest rate conditions at our fiscal 2024 year-end measurement date. The Company’s discount rate was determined by considering yield curves constructed of a large