Company’s cash tax benefits are realized, generally over a
15
-year period. In December 2023, the Company paid NBCU $
8.6
billion, which reflected the guaranteed floor value less NBCU’s unpaid capital call contributions. If Hulu’s equity fair value is determined pursuant to a contractual appraisal process to be higher than the guaranteed floor value, the Company is required to pay NBCU its share of the difference between the equity fair value and the guaranteed floor value.
During the initial phase of the appraisal process, the Company’s appraiser arrived at a valuation that falls below the guaranteed floor value, while NBCU’s appraiser arrived at a valuation substantially in excess of the guaranteed floor value. The final equity fair value, which is expected to be determined before the end of the Company’s third quarter of fiscal 2025, will take into account the valuation of a third appraiser pursuant to an appraisal process as resolved by a confidential arbitration decision. If the third appraiser’s equity fair value determination were equal to or below the guaranteed floor value, the Company would not be required to pay NBCU any additional amount. Conversely, if the third appraiser’s equity fair value determination were consistent with the NBCU’s appraiser’s valuation, the Company would be required to pay NBCU an additional amount of approximately $
5
billion as its share of the difference between the equity fair value and the guaranteed floor value. If the third appraiser’s equity fair value determination were between the valuations of the Company’s and NBCU’s appraisers, the incremental amount would likewise be between
zero
and approximately $
5
billion.
Any incremental amount determined to be payable to NBCU to acquire NBCU’s interest in Hulu and any related adjustments to the value of the future tax benefits that will be shared with NBCU would be recorded as “Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests” and thus reduce “Net income attributable to Disney” in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period recorded, which we expect will occur in the Company’s third quarter of fiscal 2025.
9
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited; tabular dollars in millions, except for per share data)
Concurrent with the expected completion of the acquisition in the third quarter of fiscal 2025, Hulu’s partnership tax status will terminate and, as a result, the Company expects to recognize a non-cash tax benefit of approximately $
3.3
billion.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and footnotes thereto. Actual results may differ from those estimates.
Reclassifications
Certain reclassifications have been made in the fiscal 2024 financial statements and notes to conform to the fiscal 2025 presentation.
2.
Segment Information
The