benefit from the purchase of NBCU’s interest in Hulu, which payments are expected to be made primarily over a 15-year period. In May 2024, the Company and NBCU entered into a confidential arbitration to resolve a dispute regarding the contractual appraisal process, in which the parties seek declaratory relief, equitable relief and unspecified damages (see Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). In addition, we may incur significant costs and expenses in connection with the TFCF acquisition, including costs for which we have established reserves or which may lead to reserves in the future. The cost to purchase NBCU’s equity interest in Hulu and related obligations to NBCU and any such other costs could negatively impact the Company’s cash position and result in the Company incurring additional indebtedness.
RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, CYBERSECURITY AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
The success of our businesses is highly dependent on the existence and maintenance of intellectual property rights in the entertainment products and services we create.
The value to us of our IP is dependent on the scope and duration of our rights as defined by applicable laws in the U.S. and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed. Where those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of our rights, or if existing laws are changed, our ability to generate revenue from our IP may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. The terms of some copyrights for IP related to some of our products and services have expired, including the copyright term for the short film Steamboat Willie (1928) and early versions of characters depicted in this film, and other copyrights will expire in the future. For example, in the United States and countries that look to the United States copyright term when shorter than their own, the copyright term for early works and the specific early versions of characters depicted in those works expires at the end of the 95th calendar year after the date the copyright was originally
24
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
secured in the United States. As copyrights expire, we expect that revenues generated from such IP will be negatively impacted to some extent.
The unauthorized use of our IP may increase the cost of protecting rights in our IP or reduce our revenues. The convergence of computing, communications and entertainment devices, increased broadband internet speed and penetration, increased availability and speed of mobile data transmission and increasingly sophisticated attempts to obtain unauthorized access to data systems have made the unauthorized digital copying and distribution of our films, television productions and other creative works easier and faster and protection and the enforcement of IP rights more challenging. The unauthorized distribution and access to entertainment content generally continues to be a significant challenge for