43
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Direct-to-Consumer
Operating results for Direct-to-Consumer are as follows:
Revenues - Subscription fees
Growth in subscription fees reflected increases of 9% from higher effective rates attributable to increases in pricing and 3% from more subscribers, partially offset by decreases of 2% from an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact and 1% from the Star India Transaction.
Revenues - Advertising
Higher advertising revenue was attributable to an increase of 24% from growth in impressions, partially offset by a decrease of 15% from lower rates.
Key metrics
In addition to revenue, costs and operating income, management uses the following key metrics
(1)
to analyze trends and evaluate the overall performance of Disney+ and Hulu, and we believe these metrics are useful to investors in analyzing the business:
44
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Average Monthly Revenue Per Paid Subscriber:
(1)
See discussion on pages
70
— DTC Product Descriptions, Key Definitions and Supplemental Information.
(2)
The prior-year quarter Paid Subscribers and Average Monthly Revenue per Paid Subscriber have been adjusted to include Disney+ subscribers in Southeast Asia. These subscribers were previously reported with Disney+ Hotstar, which is no longer presented as this business was included in the Star India Transaction.
(3)
Total may not equal the sum of the column due to rounding.
Average Monthly Revenue Per Paid Subscriber - Second Quarter of Fiscal 2025 Comparison to First Quarter of Fiscal 2025
Domestic Disney+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $7.99 to $8.06 due to increases in pricing, partially offset by lower advertising revenue.
International Disney+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $7.19 to $7.52 due to the impact of subscriber mix shifts and increases in pricing, partially offset by an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact.
Hulu SVOD Only average monthly revenue per paid subscriber decreased from $12.52 to $12.36 due to lower advertising revenue, partially offset by increases in pricing.
Hulu Live TV + SVOD average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $99.22 to $99.94 due to increases in pricing, partially offset by lower advertising revenue.
Average Monthly Revenue Per Paid Subscriber - Second Quarter of Fiscal 2025 Comparison to Second Quarter of Fiscal 2024
Domestic Disney+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $8.00 to $8.06 due to increases in pricing, partially offset by the impact of subscriber mix shifts.
International Disney+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $6.42 to $7.52 due to increases in pricing, partially offset by an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact and the impact of subscriber mix shifts.
Hulu SVOD Only average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $11.84