RESULTS
($ in millions, except per share data)
Organization of Information
Management’s Discussion and Analysis provides a narrative on the Company’s financial performance and condition that should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements. It includes the following sections:
•
Consolidated Results and Non-Segment Items
•
Business Segment Results
•
Corporate and Unallocated Shared Expenses
•
Liquidity and Capital Resources
•
Developments and Trends
•
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
•
DTC Product Descriptions, Key Definitions and Supplemental Information
•
Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information
In Item 7, we discuss fiscal 2024 and 2023 results and comparisons of fiscal 2024 results to fiscal 2023 results. Discussions of fiscal 2022 results and comparisons of fiscal 2023 results to fiscal 2022 results can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in
Part II, Item 7 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023.
CONSOLIDATED RESULTS AND NON-SEGMENT ITEMS
Revenues for fiscal 2024 increased 3%, or $2.5 billion, to $91.4 billion; net income attributable to Disney increased $2.6 billion to income of $5.0 billion compared to $2.4 billion in the prior year; and diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations attributable to Disney increased to $2.72 compared to $1.29 in the prior year. The EPS increase was due to higher operating income at Entertainment.
Revenues
Service revenues for fiscal 2024 increased 3%, or $2.3 billion, to $81.8 billion, due to higher subscription revenue, growth at our parks and experiences businesses, and, to a lesser extent, higher advertising revenue. These increases were partially offset
32
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
by lower theatrical distribution revenue, a decrease in TV/VOD distribution sales and lower affiliate revenue. Service revenues reflected an approximate 1 percentage point decrease due to an unfavorable movement of the U.S. dollar against major currencies including the impact of our hedging program (Foreign Exchange Impact).
Costs and expenses
Cost of services for fiscal 2024 decreased 1%, or $0.6 billion, to $52.5 billion, primarily due to lower non-sports programming and production costs, partially offset by higher sports programming and production costs and the impact of inflation and increased volumes at our parks and experiences businesses. Costs of services reflected an approximate 1 percentage point decrease due to a favorable Foreign Exchange Impact.
Depreciation and amortization decreased 7%, or $0.4 billion, to $5.0 billion due to lower depreciation at our domestic parks and resorts and lower TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization.
Restructuring and Impairment Charges
(1)
In the current year, goodwill impairments related to our general entertainment linear networks. In the prior year, goodwill impairments related to our general entertainment and international