of NBCU’s interest in Hulu in the prior-year quarter and lower results at ESPN, Shanghai Disney Resort and, to a lesser extent, Hong Kong Disneyland Resort.
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests is determined on income after royalties and management fees, financing costs and income taxes, as applicable.
Certain Items Impacting Results in the Quarter
Results for the quarter ended March 29, 2025 were impacted by the following:
•
Resolution of a prior-year tax matter of $1,016 million
•
TFCF and Hulu Acquisition Amortization of $396 million
•
Restructuring and impairment charges of $109 million
Results for the quarter ended March 30, 2024 were impacted by the following:
•
Restructuring and impairment charges of $2,052 million
•
TFCF and Hulu Acquisition Amortization of $434 million
36
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
A summary of the impact of these items on EPS is as follows:
(1)
Tax benefit (expense) amounts are determined using the tax rate applicable to the individual item.
(2)
EPS is net of noncontrolling interest share, where applicable. Total may not equal the sum of the column due to rounding.
CURRENT SIX-MONTH PERIOD RESULTS COMPARED TO PRIOR-YEAR SIX-MONTH PERIOD
Revenues for the current period increased $2.7 billion, to $48.3 billion; net income attributable to Disney increased $3.9 billion, to $5.8 billion; and EPS increased to $3.21 from $1.03 in the prior-year period. The EPS increase was primarily due to the comparison to goodwill impairments in the prior-year period, higher operating income at Entertainment and a non-cash benefit from the resolution of a prior-year tax matter in the current period.
Revenues
Service revenues for the current period increased 6%, or $2.6 billion to $43.3 billion, which included an approximate 3 percentage point unfavorable impact from the Star India Transaction and an approximate 1 percentage point decrease due to an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact. Aside from these impacts, service revenues increased due to higher subscription revenue, an increase in theatrical distribution revenue, growth at parks and experiences revenue and higher advertising revenue.
Costs and expenses
Cost of services for the current period increased 2%, or $0.6 billion, to $27.2 billion, which included an approximate 4 percentage point decrease due to the Star India Transaction and an approximate 1 percentage point decrease due to an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact. Aside from these impacts, cost of services increased due to higher programming and production costs and, to a lesser extent, the impact of inflation at our parks and experiences businesses.
Selling, general, administrative and other costs increased 4%, or $0.3 billion, to $7.9 billion, which included an approximate 2 percentage point decrease due to the Star India Transaction. Aside from this impact, selling, general, administrative and other costs increased due to higher marketing