funded in January 2026) (the Fubo Term Loan). If the Company funds the Fubo Term Loan and the Fubo Transaction is not consummated, Fox and WBD will participate in a portion of the Fubo Term Loan by providing loans to the Company with substantially the same economic terms as the Fubo Term Loan.
Star India
On November 14, 2024, the Company and Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) completed the formation of a joint venture (India joint venture) that combines the Company’s Star-branded and other general entertainment and sports television channels and direct-to-consumer Disney+ Hotstar service in India (Star India) with certain media and entertainment businesses controlled by RIL (the Star India Transaction). RIL has an effective
56
% controlling interest in the joint venture with
37
% held by the Company and
7
% by Bodhi Tree Systems, a third party investment company.
The Company deconsolidated Star India’s assets and liabilities on November 14, 2024, and recognized the fair value of its interest in the India joint venture as an equity method investment. We recorded non-cash impairment charges of $
0.1
billion and $
1.3
billion in “Restructuring and impairment charges” in the first quarter of fiscal 2025 and in the second quarter of fiscal 2024, respectively, to reflect Star India’s assets and liabilities at fair value less costs to sell. In addition, we recognized a non-cash tax charge of $
0.2
billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2025 in connection with the close of the transaction.
5.
Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Borrowings
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets to the total of the amounts reported in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
15
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited; tabular dollars in millions, except for per share data)
Borrowings
During the six months ended March 29, 2025, the Company’s borrowing activity was as follows:
(1)
Borrowings and reductions of borrowings are reported net.
(2)
The other activity is attributable to market value adjustments for debt with qualifying hedges.
At March 29, 2025, the Company’s bank facilities, which are with a syndicate of lenders and support our commercial paper borrowings, were as follows:
The Company had a $
5.25
billion bank facility that was scheduled to expire in February 2025. During the quarter, this facility was refinanced with a new $
5.25
billion bank facility maturing in February 2026.
The Company’s bank facilities allow for borrowings at rates based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) and at other variable rates for non-U.S. dollar denominated borrowings, plus a fixed spread that varies with the Company’s debt ratings assigned by Moody’s Ratings and S&P Global Ratings ranging from 0.63% to 1.10%.
The bank facilities contain only one financial