the extent the title’s unamortized costs exceed the present value of discounted cash flows, an impairment charge is recorded for the excess. Cost of content that is predominantly monetized as a group is tested for impairment by comparing the present value of the discounted cash flows of the group to the aggregate unamortized costs of the group. The group is established by identifying the lowest level for which cash flows are independent of the cash flows of other produced and licensed content. If the unamortized costs exceed the present value of discounted cash flows, an impairment charge is recorded for the excess and allocated to individual titles based on the relative carrying value of each title in the group. If there are no plans to continue to use an individual film or television program that is part of a group, the unamortized cost of the individual title is written down to its estimated fair value. Licensed content is included as part of the group within which it is monetized for purposes of impairment testing.
Content Production Incentives
The Company receives tax incentives from U.S. (state and local) and foreign government agencies to encourage the production of film, episodic and streaming content. The incentives are largely received as tax credits, which are recognized as a reduction to produced and licensed content costs when there is reasonable assurance of collection (presented as “Produced and licensed content costs” in the Consolidated Balance Sheets), resulting in a reduction to programming and production costs (presented as “Costs of services” in the Consolidated Statements of Income) over the asset’s amortization period.
Internal-Use Software Costs
The Company expenses costs incurred in the preliminary project stage of developing or acquiring internal use software, such as research and feasibility studies as well as costs incurred in the post-implementation/operational stage, such as maintenance and training. Capitalization of software development costs occurs only after the preliminary-project stage is complete, management authorizes the project and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used for the function intended. As of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, capitalized software costs, net of accumulated amortization, totaled $
1.3
billion and $
1.2
billion, respectively. The capitalized costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the software, generally up to
5
years.
Parks, Resorts and Other Property
Parks, resorts and other property are carried at historical cost.
Depreciation is computed on the straight-line method, generally over the following estimated useful lives:
Leases
The Company determines whether a contract is a lease at contract inception or for a modified contract at the modification date. At inception or modification, the Company calculates the present value of operating lease payments using the Company’s incremental borrowing