DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Operating expenses
Domestic ESPN programming and production costs increased in the current quarter compared to the prior-year quarter primarily due to airing additional CFP and NFL games.
Higher programming and production costs at international ESPN were driven by higher soccer rights costs.
Selling, general, administrative and other
Selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $32 million, to $347 million from $315 million, due to the write-off of an investment.
Operating Income from Sports
Segment operating income decreased $91 million, to $687 million from $778 million, due to a decrease at domestic ESPN.
Supplemental revenue and operating income (loss)
The following table provides supplemental revenue and operating income (loss) detail for the Sports segment:
49
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Items Excluded from Segment Operating Income Related to Sports
The following table presents supplemental information for items related to the Sports segment that are excluded from segment operating income:
(1)
Represents amortization of intangible assets.
Experiences
Operating results for the Experiences segment are as follows:
Revenues - Theme park admissions
Theme park admissions revenue growth was due to increases of 4% from higher average per capita ticket revenue and 1% from attendance growth.
Revenues - Resorts and vacations
Higher resorts and vacations revenue was attributable to increases of 6% from additional passenger cruise days, 2% from higher unit sales at Disney Vacation Club, 2% from an increase in occupied hotel room nights and 1% from higher average daily hotel room rates. The increase in passenger cruise days reflected the launch of the
Disney Treasure
in the first quarter of the current year.
Revenues - Park & Experiences merchandise, food and beverage
Parks & Experiences merchandise, food and beverage revenue growth was due to increases of 2% from higher average guest spending and 1% from increased volumes.
Revenues - Merchandise licensing and retail
Higher merchandise licensing and retail revenue was due to an increase of 7% from merchandise licensing, including a benefit from the release of the licensed game,
Marvel Rivals
, partially offset by a decrease of 2% from an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact.
50
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Key metrics
In addition to revenue, costs and operating income, management uses the following key metrics to analyze trends and evaluate the overall performance of our theme parks and resorts, and we believe these metrics are useful to investors in analyzing the business:
(1)
Per capita guest spending growth rate and per room guest spending growth rate exclude the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates.
(2)
Attendance is used to analyze volume trends at our