operated by other companies under multi-year agreements.
Disneyland
— Disneyland consists of nine themed areas: Adventureland, Bayou Country, Fantasyland, Frontierland, Main Street USA, Mickey’s Toontown, New Orleans Square,
Star Wars
: Galaxy’s Edge and Tomorrowland. These areas feature themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences.
Disney California Adventure
— Disney California Adventure includes eight themed areas: Avengers Campus, Buena Vista Street, Cars Land, Grizzly Peak, Hollywood Land, Paradise Gardens Park, Pixar Pier and San Fransokyo Square. These areas include themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences.
Hotels, Vacation Club Units and Other Resort Facilities
— As of September 28, 2024, the Company owned and operated three resort hotels and vacation club properties at the Disneyland Resort, with approximately 2,400 rooms and 180 vacation club units. Resort facilities included 180,000 square feet of conference meeting space.
Downtown Disney is a themed 15-acre retail, dining and entertainment complex with approximately 30 venues. Most of the Downtown Disney facilities are operated by third parties that pay rent to the Company.
Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa
Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa is a family resort on a 21 acre oceanfront property on Oahu, Hawaii featuring approximately 350 hotel rooms, an 18,000-square-foot spa and 12,000 square feet of conference meeting space. The resort also has approximately 480 vacation club units.
Disneyland Paris
Disneyland Paris is located approximately 20 miles east of Paris, France in Marne-la-Vallée, on approximately 5,200 acres. The land is being developed pursuant to a master agreement with French governmental authorities. Disneyland Paris includes two theme parks (Disneyland Park and Walt Disney Studios Park); seven themed resort hotels; two convention centers; a retail, dining and entertainment complex (Disney Village); and a 27-hole golf facility. Of the 5,200 acres comprising the site, approximately half have been developed to date, including a planned community (Val d’Europe).
Disneyland Park
— Disneyland Park consists of five themed areas: Adventureland, Discoveryland, Fantasyland, Frontierland and Main Street USA. These areas include themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences.
Walt Disney Studios Park
— Walt Disney Studios Park includes five themed areas: Front Lot, Production Courtyard, Toon Studio, Worlds of Pixar and Avengers Campus. These areas each include themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences. Walt Disney Studios Park is undergoing a multi-year expansion that will include a new themed area based on
Frozen
, which is planned to open in 2026 and coincide with the renaming of Walt Disney Studios Park to Disney Adventure World.
11
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Hotels and Other Facilities
— Disneyland Paris operates seven resort hotels, with