receivable position with a counterparty exceeds limits defined by contract and that vary with the counterparty’s credit rating. If the Company’s or the counterparty’s credit ratings were to fall below investment grade, such counterparties or the Company would also have the right to terminate our derivative contracts, which could lead to a net payment to or from the Company for the aggregate net value by counterparty of our derivative contracts. The aggregate fair values of derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features in a net liability position by counterparty were $
0.8
billion and $
1.1
billion at March 29, 2025 and September 28, 2024.
32
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited; tabular dollars in millions, except for per share data)
16.
Restructuring and Impairment Charges
The following amounts are recorded in “Restructuring and impairment charges” in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations:
The quarter ended March 29, 2025 included impairment charges of $
0.1
billion related to content.
The first quarter of fiscal 2025 and second quarter of fiscal 2024 included non-cash goodwill impairment charges of $
0.1
billion and $
1.3
billion related to the Star India Transaction (see Note 4 for additional information), respectively.
The second quarter of fiscal 2024 included a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $
0.7
billion related to the entertainment linear networks reporting unit.
17.
New Accounting Pronouncements
Improvements to Reportable Segments Disclosures
In November 2023, the FASB issued guidance to enhance reportable segment disclosures by requiring the disclosure of significant expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (CODM) and included in the segment’s measure of profit or loss. It also requires an explanation of how the CODM uses the segment’s measure of profit or loss to assess segment performance and allocate resources. The guidance is effective for the Company for annual periods beginning in fiscal year 2025 and for interim periods beginning in fiscal year 2026 and requires retrospective adoption (with early adoption permitted). While the guidance will not have an effect on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations or Consolidated Balance Sheets upon adoption, it will affect certain segment reporting disclosures in the Company’s fiscal 2025 annual report.
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued guidance to enhance income tax disclosures. The new guidance requires an expanded effective tax rate reconciliation, the disclosure of cash taxes paid segregated between U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign, with further disaggregation by jurisdiction if certain thresholds are met, and eliminates certain disclosures related to uncertain tax benefits. The new guidance is applicable beginning with the Company’s 2026 fiscal year.
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expense
In November