revenue and operating income
The following table presents supplemental revenue and operating income detail for the Experiences segment:
CORPORATE AND UNALLOCATED SHARED EXPENSES
Corporate and unallocated shared expenses for the current six-month period increased $156 million, from $699 million to $855 million, primarily due to a legal settlement.
FINANCIAL CONDITION
The change in cash and cash equivalents is as follows:
Operating Activities
Cash provided by operations increased $4.1 billion from $5.9 billion in the prior-year period to $10.0 billion for the current period. The increase was due to lower tax payments in the current period compared to the prior-year period and higher operating cash flows at Entertainment. Tax payments in the prior-year period reflected the payment of fiscal 2023 U.S. federal and California state income taxes that had been deferred pursuant to relief related to 2023 winter storms in California. In addition, fiscal 2025 U.S. federal and California state income tax payments have been deferred until October 2025 pursuant to relief related to the 2025 wildfires in California. The increase in operating cash flows at Entertainment was primarily due to higher cash receipts attributable to higher revenue and, to a lesser extent, lower spending on content including the impact of the Star India Transaction.
63
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Produced and licensed programming costs
The Entertainment and Sports segments incur costs to produce and license film, episodic, sports and other content. Production costs include spend on content internally produced at our studios such as live-action and animated films and episodic series. Production costs also include original content commissioned from third-party studios. Programming costs include content rights licensed from third parties for use on the Company’s sports and general entertainment networks and DTC streaming services. Programming assets are generally recorded when the programming becomes available to us with a corresponding increase in programming liabilities.
The Company’s film and television production and programming activity for the six months ended March 29, 2025 and March 30, 2024 are as follows:
The Company currently expects its fiscal 2025 spend on produced and licensed content, including sports rights, to be comparable to fiscal 2024 spend of $23 billion.
64
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Investing Activities
Investing activities consist principally of investments in parks, resorts and other property and acquisition and divestiture activity. The Company’s investing activities for the six months ended March 29, 2025 and March 30, 2024 are as follows:
Capital expenditures at the Entertainment segment primarily reflect investments in technology and in facilities and equipment for expanding and upgrading broadcast centers,