fiscal 2023, amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $439 million and amortization of intangible assets was $1,151 million.
Sports
Operating results for the Sports segment are as follows:
Revenues - Affiliate fees
The decrease in domestic ESPN affiliate revenue was due to a decrease of 8% from fewer subscribers, partially offset by an increase of 7% from higher effective rates.
International ESPN affiliate revenue was comparable to the prior year, as decreases from an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact and fewer subscribers were largely offset by higher effective rates.
Lower Star India affiliate revenue was attributable to decreases of 7% from lower effective rates and 4% from fewer subscribers.
42
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Revenues - Advertising
The increase in domestic ESPN advertising revenue was due to increases of 8% from higher rates and 3% from sponsorship revenue growth, partially offset by a decrease of 2% from lower average viewership.
The decrease in international ESPN advertising revenue was due to a decrease of 11% from an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact, partially offset by increases of 5% from higher rates and 2% from higher average viewership.
Higher Star India advertising revenue was attributable to airing two significant ICC cricket tournaments in the current year compared to one in the prior year.
Revenues - Subscription fees
Subscription fees increased $133 million, to $1,650 million from $1,517 million, due to higher rates attributable to increases in retail pricing.
Revenues - Other
Other revenue increased $79 million, to $1,163 million from $1,084 million, due to higher fees received from the Entertainment segment to program sports and an increase in revenue from licensing the ESPN brand, partially offset by an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact.
Key metrics
In addition to revenue, costs and operating income, management uses the following key metrics
(1)
to analyze trends and evaluate the overall performance of ESPN+, and we believe these metrics are useful to investors in analyzing the business:
ESPN+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $5.49 to $6.14 due to increases in retail pricing and higher advertising revenue.
(1)
See discussion on page
55
—DTC Product Descriptions, Key Definitions and Supplemental Information
Operating expenses
Programming and production costs at domestic ESPN increased in the current year compared to the prior year due to contractual rate increases and higher production costs.
43
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
The increase in international ESPN programming and production costs was due to new soccer rights.
Higher Star India programming and production costs were attributable to an increase in cricket programming costs due to airing two significant ICC tournaments in the current year compared to one in the prior year. This increase was partially offset by the comparison to costs for Board of Control for Cricket in India cricket programming in the prior year, which rights we