trends at our theme parks and is based on the number of unique daily entries, i.e. a person visiting multiple theme parks in a single day is counted only once. Our attendance count includes complimentary entries but excludes entries by children under the age of three.
(3)
Per capita guest spending is used to analyze guest spending trends and is defined as total revenue from ticket sales and sales of food, beverage and merchandise in our theme parks, divided by total theme park attendance.
(4)
Occupancy is used to analyze the usage of available capacity at hotels and is defined as the number of room nights occupied by guests as a percentage of available hotel room nights.
(5)
Available hotel room nights are defined as the total number of room nights that are available at our hotels and at DVC properties located at our theme parks and resorts that are not utilized by DVC members. Available hotel room nights include rooms temporarily taken out of service.
(6)
Per room guest spending is used to analyze guest spending at our hotels and is defined as total revenue from room rentals and sales of food, beverage and merchandise at our hotels, divided by total occupied hotel room nights. In the third quarter of the prior fiscal year, the Company revised its method of allocating revenue on the sales of Disneyland Paris vacation packages between hotel room revenue and admissions revenue. The new method resulted in a decrease in the percentage of revenue allocated to hotel rooms. If we had applied the new method in the first six months of the prior year, the impact would have been a decrease of approximatel
y $30 million i
n the prior year.
Operating expenses
The increase in operating labor was primarily due to inflation and higher volumes. Higher infrastructure costs were primarily attributable to higher technology spending and an increase in operations support costs. The increase in other operating expenses was primarily due to an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact, higher volumes and increased operations support costs.
Selling, general, administrative and other
Selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $269 million from $3,675 million to $3,944 million, driven by inflation and increased marketing costs for new guest offerings, partially offset by the comparison to a loss in the prior year on the disposal of our ownership interest in Villages Nature.
46
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Depreciation and amortization
Depreciation and amortization decreased $210 million from $2,789 million to $2,579 million, due to the comparison to depreciation in the prior year related to the closure of Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser.
Operating Income from Experiences
Segment operating income increased $318 million, from $8,954 million to $9,272 million primarily due to growth at international parks and experiences.
Supplemental revenue and operating income
The following table presents supplemental revenue and operating income detail for the Experiences segment:
Items