Issuers of Guaranteed Securities” and is not intended to present the financial position or results of operations of the Obligor Group in accordance with GAAP.
72
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.
See Item 2, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Note 15 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
– We have established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and made known to the officers who certify the Company’s financial reports and to other members of senior management and the Board of Directors as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Based on their evaluation as of March 29, 2025, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Company have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective.
Changes in Internal Controls
– There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the second quarter of fiscal 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
73
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings
As disclosed in Note 13 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company is engaged in certain legal matters, and the disclosure set forth in Note 13 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements relating to certain legal matters is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors
For an enterprise as large and complex as the Company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations elsewhere in our filings with the SEC, the most significant factors affecting our business include the factors discussed in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 1A, “Risk Factors” as updated below:
RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY
We face risks relating to misalignment with public and consumer tastes and preferences for entertainment, travel and consumer products, which impact demand for our entertainment offerings and products and the profitability of our businesses.
Our businesses create entertainment, travel and consumer products, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The success of our