in the following tables:
Interest Rate Risk Management
The Company is exposed to the impact of interest rate changes primarily through its borrowing activities. The Company’s objective is to mitigate the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and on the market value of its borrowings. In accordance with its policy, the Company targets its fixed-rate debt as a percentage of its net debt between a minimum and maximum percentage. The Company primarily uses pay-floating and pay-fixed interest rate swaps to facilitate its interest rate risk management activities.
118
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
The Company designates pay-floating interest rate swaps as fair value hedges of fixed-rate borrowings effectively converting fixed-rate borrowings to variable-rate borrowings. The total notional amount of the Company’s pay-floating interest rate swaps at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, was $
12.0
billion and $
13.5
billion, respectively.
The following table summarizes fair value hedge adjustments to hedged borrowings:
The following amounts are included in “Interest expense, net” in the Consolidated Statements of Income:
The Company may designate pay-fixed interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges of interest payments on floating-rate borrowings. Pay-fixed interest rate swaps effectively convert floating-rate borrowings to fixed-rate borrowings. The unrealized gains or losses from these cash flow hedges are deferred in AOCI and recognized in interest expense as the interest payments occur. The Company did not have pay-fixed interest rate swaps that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest payments at September 28, 2024 or at September 30, 2023, and gains and losses related to pay-fixed interest rate swaps recognized in earnings for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were not material.
Foreign Exchange Risk Management
The Company transacts business globally and is subject to risks associated with foreign currency exchange rates. The Company’s objective is to reduce earnings and cash flow fluctuations associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, enabling management to focus on core business operations.
The Company enters into option and forward contracts to protect the value of its existing foreign currency assets, liabilities, firm commitments and forecasted but not firmly committed foreign currency transactions. In accordance with policy, the Company hedges its forecasted foreign currency transactions for periods generally not to exceed four years within an established minimum and maximum range of annual exposure. The gains and losses on these contracts offset changes in the U.S. dollar equivalent value of the related forecasted transaction, asset, liability or firm commitment. The principal currencies hedged are the euro, Canadian dollar, Japanese yen, British pound and Chinese yuan. Cross-currency swaps are used to effectively convert foreign currency denominated borrowings into U.S. dollar denominated borrowings.
The Company