from those in the U.S. These differences can affect our ability to react to changes in our business, and our rights or ability to enforce rights are sometimes different than would be expected under U.S. law. Moreover, enforcement of laws in some international jurisdictions can be inconsistent and unpredictable, which can affect both our ability to enforce our rights and to undertake activities that we believe are beneficial to our business. In addition, the business and political climate in some jurisdictions may encourage corruption, which could reduce our ability to compete successfully in those jurisdictions while remaining in compliance with local laws or U.S. anti-corruption laws applicable to our businesses. As a result, our ability to generate revenue and our expenses in non-U.S. jurisdictions may differ from what would be expected if U.S. law alone governed these operations.
RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR STOCK
The price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile.
The price of our common stock has experienced substantial volatility and may continue to be volatile. Various factors have impacted, and may continue to impact, the price of our common stock, including, among others, changes in management; variations in our operating results; variations between our actual results and expectations of securities analysts; changes in our estimates, guidance or business plans; changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; the activities, operating results or stock price of our competitors or other industry participants in the industries in which we operate; the announcement or completion of significant transactions by us or a competitor; events affecting the stock market generally; and the economic and political conditions in the U.S. and internationally, as well as other factors described in this Item 1A. Some of these factors may adversely impact the price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. Further, volatility in the price of our common stock may negatively impact one or more of our businesses, including by increasing stock awards for our employees who participate in our stock incentive programs or limiting our financing options for acquisitions and other business expansion.
26
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
GENERAL RISKS
The Company’s amended and restated bylaws provide to the fullest extent permitted by law that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for certain legal actions between the Company and its stockholders, which could increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit the ability of the Company’s stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum viewed by the stockholders as more favorable for disputes with the Company or the Company’s directors, officers or other employees.
The Company’s amended and restated bylaws provide to the fullest extent permitted by law that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of