Excluded from Segment Operating Income Related to Experiences
The following table presents supplemental information for items related to Experiences that are excluded from segment operating income:
(1)
Charges for the current year were due to an impairment of assets at our retail business.
CORPORATE AND UNALLOCATED SHARED EXPENSES
Corporate and unallocated shared expenses are as follows:
The increase in corporate and unallocated shared expenses was primarily due to higher labor costs, increases in professional services and costs related to our proxy solicitation.
47
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash is as follows:
Operating Activities
Cash provided by operating activities increased 42% or $4.1 billion to $14.0 billion in the current year compared to $9.9 billion in the prior year. The increase was driven by lower film and television production spending and the timing of payments for sports rights. The increase also reflected collateral receipts related to our hedging program in the current year compared to collateral payments in the prior year, higher operating cash flows at Entertainment and the comparison to a payment in the prior year related to the termination of content licenses in fiscal 2022. The increase in operating cash flows at Entertainment was driven by lower cash disbursements due to a decrease in operating expenses. These increases were partially offset by higher cash tax payments in the current year compared to the prior year. Fiscal 2023 U.S. federal and California state tax payments were deferred and paid in fiscal 2024 pursuant to relief provided by the Internal Revenue Service and California State Board of Equalization as a result of 2023 winter storms in California. In addition, a portion of fiscal 2024 U.S. federal and Florida state taxes was paid in fiscal 2024 and the remainder has been deferred to fiscal 2025 pursuant to relief provided by the Internal Revenue Service and Florida Department of Revenue as a result of 2024 hurricanes in Florida.
Depreciation expense is as follows:
Amortization of intangible assets is as follows:
Produced and licensed content costs
The Entertainment and Sports segments incur costs to produce and license film, episodic, sports and other content. Production costs include spend on content internally produced at our studios such as live-action and animated films, episodic series, specials, shorts and theatrical stage plays. Production costs also include original content commissioned from third-party studios. Programming costs include content rights licensed from third parties for use on the Company’s sports and general entertainment networks and DTC streaming services. Programming assets are generally recorded when the programming becomes available to us with a corresponding increase in programming liabilities.
48
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
The Company’s production and programming activity for fiscal 2024 and 2023 are as follows: