technology, the similarity of products and services delivered, customers served and distribution channels used, and projected long term financial performance (e.g., operating margins).
For our annual impairment test, we bypassed the qualitative test and performed a quantitative assessment of goodwill for impairment.
To determine the fair value of our reporting units, we generally use a present value technique (discounted cash flows) corroborated by market multiples when available and as appropriate. The discounted cash flow analyses are sensitive to our estimated projected future cash flows as well as the discount rates used to calculate their present value. Our future cash flows are based on internal forecasts for each reporting unit, which consider projected inflation and other economic indicators, as well as industry growth projections. Discount rates are determined based on the inherent risks of the underlying operations.
Significant judgments and assumptions in the discounted cash flow model used to determine fair value relate to future revenues and certain operating expenses, operating margins, terminal growth rates and discount rates. We believe our estimates are consistent with how a marketplace participant would value our businesses. Changes to these assumptions and shifts in market trends or macroeconomic events could impact test results in the future.
As discussed in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, in the second and fourth quarters of fiscal 2024, the Company recorded non-cash goodwill impairment charges of $0.7 billion and $0.6 billion, respectively, related to our entertainment linear networks reporting unit prior to aggregating all of our entertainment reporting units into a single reporting unit in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. The carrying amount of the aggregated entertainment reporting unit goodwill after these impairments is approximately $51 billion.
After the impairments, the fair value of the entertainment reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount by less than 10%. An approximate 40 basis point increase in the discount rate or an approximate 6% reduction in projected annual cash flows used to determine the fair value of the entertainment reporting unit would effectively eliminate the excess fair value over carrying amount.
To test other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, the Company first performs a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of each of its indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds its fair value. If it is, a quantitative assessment is required. Alternatively, the Company may bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative impairment test.
53
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
The qualitative assessment requires the consideration of factors such as recent market transactions, macroeconomic conditions and changes in projected future cash flows.
The quantitative assessment compares the fair value of an indefinite-lived