Revenues include revenues from all sources, which may include imputed license fees for content that is used on our DTC streaming services, that will be earned within ten years from the date of the initial release for theatrical films. For episodic series that are classified as individual, Ultimate Revenues include revenues that will be earned within ten years, including imputed license fees for content that is used on our DTC streaming services, from delivery of the first episode, or if still in production, five years from delivery of the most recent episode, if later. Participations and residuals are expensed over the applicable product life cycle based upon the ratio of the current period’s revenues to the estimated remaining total revenues for each production.
Production costs that are predominantly monetized as a group are amortized based on projected usage, generally resulting in an accelerated or straight-line amortization pattern. Adjustments to projected usage are applied prospectively in the period of the change. Participations and residuals are generally expensed in line with the pattern of usage.
Licensed rights to film and television content and other programs for broadcast on our Linear Networks, domestic ESPN television network, International Sports Channels or DTC streaming services are expensed on an accelerated or straight-line basis over their useful life or over the number of times the program is expected to be aired, as appropriate. We amortize rights costs for multi-year sports programming arrangements during the applicable seasons based on the estimated relative value of each year in the arrangement. If annual contractual payments related to each season approximate each season’s estimated relative value, we expense the related contractual payments during the applicable season.
85
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Acquired film and television libraries are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over
20
years from the date of acquisition. Acquired film and television libraries include content that was initially released three years prior to its acquisition, except it excludes the prior seasons of episodic programming still in production at the date of its acquisition.
Amortization of capitalized costs for produced content begins in the month the content is first released, while amortization of capitalized costs for licensed content commences when the license period begins and the content is first aired or available for use on our DTC services. Amortization of content assets is primarily included in “Cost of services” in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
The costs of produced and licensed film and television content are subject to regular recoverability assessments. Production costs for content that is predominantly monetized individually are tested for impairment at the individual title level by comparing that title’s unamortized costs to the estimated present value of discounted cash flows directly attributable to the title. To