sports linear networks.
(2)
In the current and prior years, content impairments related to strategic changes in our approach to content curation.
Other Income (expense), net
In fiscal 2023, the Company recognized a gain of $
169
million on its investment in DraftKings, Inc. (DraftKings), which was sold in fiscal 2023.
Interest Expense, net
The increase in interest expense was due to higher average rates, partially offset by lower average debt balances.
The increase in interest income, investment income and other was driven by a larger benefit from pension and postretirement benefit costs, other than service cost, and investments gains in the current year compared to losses in the prior year, partially offset by the impact of lower cash and cash equivalent balances.
Equity in the Income of Investees
Equity in the income of investees decreased $207 million to $
575
million in the current year due to lower income from A+E.
33
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Effective Income Tax Rate
The decrease in the effective income tax rate in the current year compared to the prior year was due to the recognition of a $418 million benefit in the current year related to prior years’ tax matters (Income Tax Reserve Adjustments) and a lower foreign effective tax rate. These decreases were partially offset by higher non-tax deductible impairments in the current year compared to the prior year. We recognized $2.9 billion of impairments in the current year and $0.7 billion of impairments in the prior year that are not tax deductible.
Noncontrolling Interests
The decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests reflected the comparison to the accretion of NBCU’s interest in Hulu and Major League Baseball’s interest in BAMTech LLC as well as lower results at our National Geographic business. These decreases were partially offset by improved results at Hong Kong Disneyland Resort. We had accreted to the redemption value for BAMTech LLC by November 2022 and to the guaranteed floor payment for Hulu by December 2023.
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests is determined on income after royalties and management fees, financing costs and income taxes, as applicable.
Certain Items Impacting Results in the Year
Results for fiscal 2024 were impacted by the following:
•
Restructuring and impairment charges of $3,595 million
•
TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization of $1,677 million
•
Other expense of $65 million related to a legal ruling
•
Income Tax Reserve Adjustments of $418 million
Results for fiscal 2023 were impacted by the following:
•
Restructuring and impairment charges of $3,892 million
•
TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization of $1,998 million
•
Other income, net of $96 million, primarily due to the DraftKings gain ($169 million), partially offset by a charge related to a legal ruling ($101 million)
34
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
A summary of the impact of these items on EPS is as follows:
(1)
Tax benefit (expense) is determined using the tax rate applicable to the