CONTENTS
Content Sales/Licensing and Other
Operating results for Content Sales/Licensing and Other are as follows:
Revenues - TV/VOD distribution
The decrease in TV/VOD distribution revenue was due to lower sales of episodic and, to a lesser extent, film content.
Revenues - Theatrical distribution
The decrease in theatrical distribution revenue reflected fewer significant releases in the current year compared to the prior year. The current year included
Inside Out 2, Deadpool & Wolverine, Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes, Alien: Romulus, Wish
and
The Marvels.
The prior year included
Avatar: The Way of Water, Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3, The Little Mermaid
,
Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania
,
Elemental
and
Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny.
Revenues - Home entertainment distribution
The decrease in home entertainment distribution revenue was due to lower unit sales.
Revenues - Other
Other revenue increased primarily due to higher revenue at Lucasfilm’s special effects business due to higher rates and more projects.
Operating expenses
The decrease in programming and production costs was due to lower production cost amortization attributable to the decreases in theatrical and TV/VOD distribution revenues, partially offset by higher film cost impairments.
Lower distribution costs and cost of goods sold were driven by decreases in theatrical, home entertainment and TV/VOD distribution costs, partially offset by an increase at Lucasfilm’s special effects business due to more projects.
Selling, general, administrative and other
Selling, general, administrative and other costs decreased $487 million, to $2,108 million from $2,595 million, driven by lower theatrical marketing costs reflecting fewer significant releases in the current year.
Operating Income (Loss) from Content Sales/Licensing and Other
Operating results from Content Sales/Licensing and Other increased $507 million, to income of $328 million from a loss of $179 million due to higher theatrical distribution results.
41
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Items Excluded from Segment Operating Income Related to Entertainment
The following table presents supplemental information for items related to Entertainment that are excluded from segment operating income:
(1)
Fiscal 2024 includes $1,287 million for goodwill impairments related to our general entertainment linear networks, $187 million for content impairments, a $158 million impairment of an equity investment and $38 million of severance. Fiscal 2023 includes $2,521 million for content impairments (net of the A+E gain), $425 million for a goodwill impairment related to our general entertainment linear networks, $248 million of severance, a $141 million impairment of an equity investment and $96 million of charges primarily related to exiting our businesses in Russia.
(2)
In fiscal 2024, amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $271 million and amortization of intangible assets was $1,054 million. In