to $12.36 due to increases in retail pricing, partially offset by lower per-subscriber advertising revenue and the impact of subscriber mix shifts.
Hulu Live TV + SVOD average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $95.01 to $99.94 due to increases in pricing, partially offset by the impact of subscriber mix shifts and lower advertising revenue.
Operating expenses
45
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Higher programming and production costs at Hulu were due to higher subscriber-based license fees attributable to rate increases for programming the Hulu Live TV service and more subscribers to bundles with third-party offerings, including premium add-ons.
The decrease in programming and production costs at Disney+ was due to the Star India Transaction.
The increase in other operating expense was due to higher technology and distribution costs.
Selling, general, administrative and other
Selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $44 million, to $1,150 million from $1,106 million, due to higher marketing costs.
Operating Income from Direct-to-Consumer
Operating income from Direct-to-Consumer increased $289 million, to $336 million from $47 million, due to increases at Hulu and Disney+.
Content Sales/Licensing and Other
Operating results for Content Sales/Licensing and Other are as follows:
Revenues - TV/VOD and home entertainment distribution
The increase in TV/VOD and home entertainment distribution revenue was due to higher TV/VOD sales of episodic content and, to a lesser extent, an increase in home entertainment distribution revenue resulting from the performance of
Moana 2
. The increase in sales of episodic content was primarily attributable to the timing of episodes delivered.
Revenues - Theatrical distribution
The increase in theatrical distribution revenue was due to the ongoing performance of
Mufasa: The Lion King
and
Moana 2
and the release of
Captain America: Brave New World
and
Snow White
in the current quarter. There were no significant titles released in the prior-year quarter.
Operating expenses
The increase in programming and production costs was due to higher production cost amortization attributable to the increases in theatrical and TV/VOD distribution revenues.
Higher other operating expenses were attributable to an increase in theatrical distribution costs.
46
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Selling, general, administrative and other
Selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $238 million, to $620 million from $382 million, due to higher theatrical marketing costs.
Operating Income (Loss) from Content Sales/Licensing and Other
Operating results from Content Sales/Licensing and Other increased $171 million, to income of $153 million from a loss of $18 million due to higher TV/VOD and home entertainment distribution results.
Items Excluded from Segment