following:
Investments, Equity Basis
The Company’s significant equity investments include A+E (
50
% ownership), Tata Play Limited (
30
% ownership) and CTV Specialty Television, Inc. (
30
% ownership). As of September 28, 2024, the book value of the Company’s equity method investments exceeded our share of the book value of the investees’ underlying net assets by approximately $
0.5
billion, which represents amortizable intangible assets and goodwill arising from acquisitions.
Investments, Other
As of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company had securities without a readily determinable fair value of $
1.7
billion and $
0.2
billion, respectively, the most significant of which at September 28, 2024 is an
8
% interest in Epic Games, Inc. valued at $
1.5
billion.
Gains, losses and impairments on securities are generally recorded in “Interest expense, net” in the Consolidated Statements of Income; these amounts were not material for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022. See Note 1 for realized and unrealized gains and losses on securities recorded in “Other income (expense), net” in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
6
International Theme Parks
The Company has a
48
% ownership interest in the operations of Hong Kong Disneyland Resort and a
43
% ownership interest in the operations of Shanghai Disney Resort (together, the Asia Theme Parks), which are both VIEs consolidated in the Company’s financial statements. See Note 2 for the Company’s policy on consolidating VIEs. In addition, the Company has
100
% ownership of Disneyland Paris. The Asia Theme Parks together with Disneyland Paris are collectively referred to as the International Theme Parks.
93
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of the Asia Theme Parks’ assets and liabilities included in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet:
The following table summarizes the International Theme Parks’ revenues and costs and expenses included in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income for fiscal 2024:
Asia Theme Parks’ royalty and management fees of $
310
million for fiscal 2024 are eliminated in consolidation, but are considered in calculating earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests.
International Theme Parks’ cash flows included in the Company’s fiscal 2024 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows were $
1.7
billion provided by operating activities, $
0.9
billion used in investing activities and $
0.1
billion used in financing activities.
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) and the Company have a
52
% and a
48
% equity interest in Hong Kong Disneyland Resort, respectively.
The Company and HKSAR have provided loans to Hong Kong Disneyland Resort with outstanding balances of $
101
million and $
68
million, respectively. The interest rate on both loans is three month HIBOR plus
2
%, and the scheduled maturity date is September 2025. The Company’s loan is eliminated in consolidation.
The