The Unger plaintiffs seek damages and injunctive relief, including an injunction requiring the Company to segregate or divest any interest in Fubo and Hulu, or in the alternative, business assets relating to Fubo and Hulu + Live TV.  The Company intends to defend against the lawsuit vigorously, and its motion to dismiss or answer the amended complaint currently is due by May 28, 2025. The court has scheduled a case management conference for May 15, 2025. The consolidated lawsuit and the Unger Action are in the early stages, and at this time we cannot reasonably estimate the amount of any possible loss.
27
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited; tabular dollars in millions, except for per share data)
On February 20, 2024, a private antitrust lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company (including affiliates ESPN, Inc., ESPN Enterprises, Inc., and Hulu, LLC), Fox, and WBD (collectively, “Defendants”), by fuboTV Inc. and fuboTV Media Inc. (together, “Fubo”). Fubo asserted claims under Section 1 of the Sherman Act, Section 7 of the Clayton Act, and New York antitrust law based on the theories that (a) a then planned joint venture between ESPN, Inc., Fox, and WBD, which would have distributed certain of Defendants’ linear networks to consumers (the “Sports Streaming JV”), would have harmed competition in alleged markets for the licensing of networks that offer live sports content and for streaming live pay television, (b) certain alleged practices by which the Company and Fox license their networks to vMVPDs as a bundle increase prices and reduce output for services offered by vMVPDs, and (c) certain alleged pricing provisions in Defendants’ carriage agreements with YouTube TV and Hulu + Live TV, as well as in Hulu + Live TV’s carriage agreements with non-Defendant programmers, increase prices for services offered by vMVPDs. On April 8, 2024, Fubo filed a motion for a preliminary injunction against Defendants to prevent the formation of the Sports Streaming JV. On April 29, 2024, Fubo filed an amended complaint to add allegations of a purported market for “skinny sports bundles”, which Fubo claimed the Sports Streaming JV would have monopolized after its launch. After a hearing on Fubo’s motion for preliminary injunction, the district court granted Fubo’s motion on August 16, 2024, and enjoined the launch of the Sports Streaming JV. On August 19, 2024, Defendants filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit from the order for a preliminary injunction. The United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted Defendants’ motion to expedite the appeal. Defendants filed their initial appeal brief on September 20, 2024, Fubo filed its brief in opposition on November 4, 2024, and Defendants filed their reply brief on December 9, 2024. Oral argument was scheduled for January 6, 2025. Fubo further sought