of carriage of certain networks by an affiliate, partially offset by an increase of 6% from higher effective rates.
Lower international affiliate revenue was attributable to decreases of 8% from fewer subscribers driven by channel closures, 3% from lower effective rates and 3% from an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact.
37
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Revenues - Advertising
The decrease in domestic advertising revenue was due to a decrease of 14% from fewer impressions and 2% from lower rates. The decrease in impressions was due to lower average viewership. Lower rates were driven by a decrease in political advertising at the owned television stations.
International advertising revenue decreased modestly compared to the prior year as decreases of 3% from an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact and 3% from fewer impressions were partially offset by an increase of 4% from higher rates.
Operating Expenses
The decrease in domestic programming and production costs was due to a lower average cost mix of programming, including fewer hours of scripted programming, which reflected the impact of production delays as a result of guild strikes in the prior year.
International programming and production costs were comparable to the prior year as the impact of channel closures and a favorable Foreign Exchange Impact were largely offset by inflation.
The decrease in other operating expenses was due to lower technology and distribution costs including the impact of international channel closures.
Equity in the Income of Investees
Income from equity investees decreased $151 million, to $539 million from $690 million, due to lower income from A+E attributable to decreases in advertising and affiliate revenue.
Operating Income from Linear Networks
Operating income decreased 16%, to $3,452 million from $4,119 million due to decreases at our domestic and international businesses and lower income from equity investees.
Supplemental revenue and operating income
The following table provides supplemental revenue and operating income detail for Linear Networks:
38
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Direct-to-Consumer
Operating results for Direct-to-Consumer are as follows:
Revenues - Subscription fees
Growth in subscription fees reflected increases of 10% attributable to higher effective rates due to increases in retail pricing and 6% from subscriber growth, partially offset by a decrease of 2% from an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact.
Revenues - Advertising
Higher advertising revenue reflected an increase of 26% from higher impressions, partially offset by a decrease of 12% from lower rates. The increase in impressions was due to Disney+ and Disney+ Hotstar growth, in part reflecting the launches of the ad-supported Disney+ service domestically in December 2022 and internationally starting in November 2023 and airing more cricket programming on Disney+ Hotstar. There were two significant International Cricket Council (ICC) tournaments in the current year compared to one in the prior year.