Network and Disney+ to ESPN to program certain sports content on ABC Network and Disney+.
The following table presents income from our operating segments and other components of income before income taxes:
Depreciation expense is as follows:
40
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Amortization of intangible assets is as follows:
BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS - Current Quarter Results Compared to Prior-Year Quarter
Entertainment
Revenue and operating results for the Entertainment segment are as follows:
Revenues
The increase in Entertainment revenues in the current quarter compared to the prior-year quarter was due to higher theatrical distribution revenue and subscription revenue growth.
Operating income
The increase in Entertainment operating income in the current quarter compared to the prior-year quarter was due to improved results at Direct-to-Consumer and Content Sales/Licensing and Other.
41
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Linear Networks
Operating results for Linear Networks are as follows:
Revenues - Affiliate fees
Domestic affiliate revenue was comparable to the prior-year quarter as an increase of 9% from higher effective rates was offset by a decline of 8% from fewer subscribers.
Lower international affiliate revenue was due to decreases of 31% from the Star India Transaction, 9% from lower effective rates and 4% from fewer subscribers.
Revenues - Advertising
The decrease in domestic advertising revenue was due to decreases of 6% from lower rates primarily at the owned television stations and 5% from fewer impressions primarily attributable to lower average viewership.
Lower international advertising revenue was due to a decrease of 65% from the Star India Transaction.
42
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Operating expenses
The decrease in domestic programming and production costs was driven by lower average cost programming at our cable channels, partially offset by a higher cost mix of programming at ABC Network.
International programming and production costs decreased primarily due to the Star India Transaction.
The decrease in other operating expenses was driven by lower technology costs and the Star India Transaction.
Selling, general, administrative and other
Selling, general, administrative and other costs decreased $161 million, to $523 million from $684 million, due to lower marketing costs and the Star India Transaction.
Operating Income from Linear Networks
Operating income from Linear Networks increased $17 million, to $769 million from $752 million, due to an increase at our domestic business, partially offset by a decrease at our international business as a result of the Star India Transaction.
Supplemental revenue and operating income
The following table provides supplemental revenue and operating income detail for Linear Networks: