designates foreign exchange forward and option contracts as cash flow hedges of firmly committed and forecasted foreign currency transactions. As of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the notional amounts of the Company’s net foreign exchange cash flow hedges were $
9.9
billion and $
8.3
billion, respectively. Mark-to-market gains and losses on these contracts are deferred in AOCI and are recognized in earnings when the hedged transactions occur, offsetting changes in the value of the foreign currency transactions. Net deferred gains recorded in AOCI for contracts that will mature in the next twelve months total $
99
million.
The following table summarizes the effect of foreign exchange cash flow hedges on AOCI:
(1)
Primarily recorded in revenue.
The Company may designate cross-currency swaps as fair value hedges of foreign currency denominated borrowings. The impact from the change in foreign currency on both the cross-currency swap and borrowing is recorded to “Interest expense, net”. The impact from interest rate changes is recorded in AOCI and is amortized over the life of the cross-currency swap. As of both September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the total notional amount of the Company’s designated cross-currency swaps
119
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
was Canadian $
1.3
billion ($
1.0
billion). As of both September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company also had Canadian $
1.3
billion ($
0.9
billion) in cross-currency swaps, which were not designated as hedges and matured in October 2024. The related gains or losses recognized in earnings for the fiscal years ended 2024, 2023 and 2022 were not material.
Foreign exchange risk management contracts with respect to foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities are not designated as hedges and do not qualify for hedge accounting. The net notional amount of these foreign exchange contracts (including our non-designated cross-currency swaps) at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were $
3.4
billion and $
3.1
billion, respectively.
The following table summarizes the net foreign exchange gains or losses recognized on foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities and the net foreign exchange gains or losses on the foreign exchange contracts we entered into to mitigate our exposure with respect to foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities by the corresponding line item in which they are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income:
Commodity Price Risk Management
The Company is subject to the volatility of commodities prices, and the Company designates certain commodity forward contracts as cash flow hedges of forecasted commodity purchases. Mark-to-market gains and losses on these contracts are deferred in AOCI and are recognized in earnings when the hedged transactions occur, offsetting changes in the value of commodity purchases. The notional amount of these commodities contracts at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 and related gains or losses