production facilities and television station facilities.
Capital expenditures at the Experiences segment are principally for theme park and resort expansion, new attractions, cruise ships, capital improvements and technology. The increase in the current period compared to the prior-year period was due to higher spend on cruise ship fleet expansion.
Capital expenditures at Corporate primarily reflect investments in corporate facilities, technology and equipment. The decrease in the current period compared to the prior-year period was due to lower spend on facilities.
The Company currently expects its fiscal 2025 capital expenditures to be approximately $8 billion compared to fiscal 2024 capital expenditures of $5 billion.
Financing Activities
Financing activities for the six months ended March 29, 2025 and March 30, 2024 are as follows:
(1)
Primarily equity award activity.
See Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of the Company’s borrowing activities during the six months ended March 29, 2025 and information regarding the Company’s bank facilities. The Company may use cash balances, operating cash flows, commercial paper borrowings up to the amount of its unused $12.25 billion bank facilities and incremental term debt issuances to retire or refinance other borrowings before or as they come due.
See Note 11 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of dividends and share repurchases. The Company is targeting a total of $3 billion in share repurchases in fiscal 2025.
The redeemable noncontrolling interest activity in the prior-year period was attributable to the acquisition of NBCU’s interest in Hulu. The Company may be required to pay an incremental amount for Hulu depending on a final determination of Hulu’s fair value (see Note 1 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements).
65
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
The Company’s operating cash flow and access to the capital markets can be impacted by factors outside of its control. We believe that the Company’s financial condition is strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets and borrowing capacity under current bank facilities, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements, contractual obligations, upcoming debt maturities, as well as future capital expenditures related to the expansion of existing businesses and development of new projects. In addition, the Company could undertake other measures to ensure sufficient liquidity, such as raising additional financing, reducing or not declaring future dividends; reducing or stopping share repurchases; reducing capital spending; reducing film and episodic content investments; or implementing further cost-saving initiatives.
The Company’s borrowing costs can also be impacted by short- and long-term debt ratings