channel, estimated subscribers are according to SNL Kagan as of December 2023.
ESPN+ is a domestic subscription-based DTC service offering thousands of live sporting events, on-demand sports content and other original programming. The service is offered individually or in various bundles with Disney+ and Hulu to customers directly or through third-party distributors on mobile and internet connected devices. ESPN+ revenue is derived from subscription fees, pay-per-view fees and, to a lesser extent, advertising. Live events available through the service include mixed martial arts, soccer, hockey, boxing, baseball, college sports, golf, tennis and cricket. ESPN+ is currently the exclusive distributor for Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) pay-per-view events in the U.S. As of September 28, 2024, the estimated number of paid ESPN+ subscribers, based on internal management reports, was approximately 26 million.
International ESPN
The Company operates approximately 45 ESPN branded sports channels outside the U.S. in 4 languages and approximately 115 countries/territories.  In the Netherlands, the ESPN branded channels are operated by Eredivisie Media & Marketing CV (EMM) (owned 51% by the Company), which has the media and sponsorship rights to the Dutch Premier League for soccer. Rights include various soccer leagues (including English Premier League, LaLiga, Bundesliga and multiple UEFA leagues). As of September 2024, the estimated number of subscribers to ESPN branded channels outside the U.S., based on internal management reports, was approximately 55 million.
8
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Star
The Company operates 10 Star branded sports channels in India, in 4 languages. Star has rights to various sports programming, primarily cricket and soccer. As of September 2024, the estimated number of subscribers to Star branded channels, based on internal management reports, was approximately 79 million.
Equity Investments
The most significant equity investment at Sports is a 30% interest in CTV Specialty Television, Inc. (CTV). The Company’s share of CTV’s financial results is reported as “Equity in the income of investees” in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income. CTV operates television networks in Canada, including The Sports Networks (TSN) 1-5, Le Réseau des Sports (RDS), RDS2, RDS Info, Discovery Canada, Discovery Science and Animal Planet Canada.
Competition and Seasonality
Sports competes for viewers’ attention and audience share primarily with other television networks, independent television stations and other media, such as other DTC streaming services, social media and video games. With respect to the sale of advertising time, we compete with other television networks, independent television stations, MVPDs and other advertising media such as digital content, newspapers, magazines, radio and billboards.
The Sports television networks compete with other networks for carriage by MVPDs. The Company’s contractual agreements with MVPDs are renewed