to the individual item.
(2)
EPS is net of noncontrolling interest share, where applicable. Total may not equal the sum of the column due to rounding.
SEASONALITY
The Company’s businesses are subject to the effects of seasonality. Consequently, the operating results for the six months ended March 29, 2025 for each business segment, and for the Company as a whole, are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the full year.
Entertainment revenues are subject to seasonal advertising patterns, changes in viewership and subscriber levels, timing and performance of film releases in the theatrical and home entertainment markets, and the timing of and demand for film and television programs. In general, domestic advertising revenues are typically somewhat higher during the fall and somewhat lower during the summer months. Affiliate revenues vary with the subscriber trends of multi-channel video programming distributors (i.e. cable, satellite telecommunications and digital over-the-top service providers). Theatrical release dates are determined by several factors, including competition and the timing of vacation and holiday periods.
Sports revenues are subject to seasonal advertising patterns, changes in viewership and subscriber levels, and the availability of and demand for sports programming. In addition, advertising revenues generated from sports programming are impacted by the timing of sports seasons and events, which varies throughout the year or may take place periodically (e.g. biannually, quadrennially).
Experiences revenues fluctuate with changes in theme park attendance and resort occupancy resulting from the seasonal nature of vacation travel and leisure activities, which generally results in higher revenues during the Company’s first and fourth fiscal quarters, the opening of new guest offerings and pricing and promotional offers. Peak attendance and resort occupancy generally occur during the summer months when school vacations occur and during early winter and spring holiday periods. In addition, theme park and resort revenues may be higher during significant celebrations such as theme park or character anniversaries and lower in the periods following such celebrations. Consumer products revenue fluctuates with consumer purchasing behavior, which generally results in higher revenues during the Company’s first fiscal quarter due to the winter holiday season. In addition, licensing revenues fluctuate with the timing and performance of our film and television content.
39
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS
The Company evaluates the performance of its operating businesses based on segment revenue and segment operating income.
The following table presents revenues from our operating segments:
(1)
Reflects fees paid by (a) Hulu to ESPN and the Entertainment linear networks business for the right to air their networks on Hulu Live and (b) ABC