Financial Reporting
Management’s report set forth on page
68
is incorporated herein by reference.
Changes in Internal Controls
There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
58
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
ITEM 9B. Other Information
Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements
On
August 14, 2024
,
Robert A. Iger
, the Company’s
Chief Executive Officer and a Director
on the Company’s Board of Directors,
adopted
a trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Mr. Iger’s trading plan provides for the potential exercise of vested stock options granted to Mr. Iger on December 18, 2014, which will expire December 18, 2024, and the associated sale of up to
372,412
shares of the Company’s common stock, excluding any shares used to effect a cashless exercise or withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the exercise or net settlement of the option awards. Mr. Iger’s trading plan is scheduled to terminate on
December 17, 2024
, subject to early termination.
ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
59
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
PART III
ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Information regarding Section 16(a) compliance, the Audit Committee, the Company’s code of ethics, background of the directors and director nominations appearing under the captions “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports,” “The Board of Directors,” “Committees” and “Corporate Governance Documents” in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2025 annual meeting of Shareholders (2025 Proxy Statement) is hereby incorporated by reference.
The Company has
adopted
an insider trading compliance policy and program applicable to the Company’s directors, officers and employees, as well as the Company itself, that the Company believes is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and the New York Stock Exchange listing standards. The foregoing summary of the Company’s insider trading compliance policy and program does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text thereof attached hereto as Exhibit 19.
Information regarding executive officers is included in Part I of this Form 10-K as permitted by General Instruction G(3).
ITEM 11. Executive Compensation
Information appearing under the captions “Director Compensation,” and “Executive Compensation” (other than the “Compensation Committee Report,” which is deemed furnished herein by reference, and the “Letter from the Compensation Committee”) in the 2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference.
ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related