intangible assets.
60
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Experiences
Operating results for the Experiences segment are as follows:
Revenues - Theme park admissions
Theme park admissions revenue growth was due to an increase of 4% from higher average per capita ticket revenue.
Revenues - Resorts and vacations
Higher resorts and vacations revenue was primarily due to increases of 2% from additional passenger cruise days, 2% from higher unit sales at Disney Vacation Club, 2% from an increase in average daily hotel room rates and 1% from higher occupied hotel room nights. The increase in passenger cruise days reflected the launch of the
Disney Treasure
in the first quarter of the current year.
Revenues - Park & Experiences merchandise, food and beverage
Parks & Experiences merchandise, food and beverage revenue growth was primarily attributable to an increase of 3% from higher average guest spending.
Revenues - Merchandise licensing and retail
Higher merchandise licensing and retail revenue was due to increases of 2% from merchandise licensing and 1% from retail, partially offset by a decrease of 1% from an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact.
Revenues - Parks licensing and other
The increase in parks licensing and other revenue was primarily due to higher real estate sales, an increase in royalties from Tokyo Disney Resort and higher sponsorship revenues, partially offset by an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact.
61
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Key metrics
Operating expenses
The increase in operating labor was due to inflation and, to a lesser extent, new guest offerings and higher volumes. Higher infrastructure costs were attributable to an increase in technology spending and higher costs for new guest offerings, partially offset by cost saving initiatives. Lower cost of goods sold and distribution costs were driven by a decrease in operations support costs and cost saving initiatives, partially offset by higher volumes. Other operating expense increased due to higher operations support costs, an increase in costs for new guest offerings and higher volumes, partially offset by cost saving initiatives.
Selling, general, administrative and other
Selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $84 million, to $1,972 million from $1,888 million, due to higher marketing costs.
Depreciation and amortization
Depreciation and amortization increased $127 million, to $1,384 million from $1,257 million, due to higher depreciation at our domestic parks and experiences driven by an increase at Disney Cruise Line.
Operating Income from Experiences
Segment operating income increased $210 million from $5,391 million to $5,601 million due to growth at domestic parks and experiences and consumer products.
62
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Supplemental