total estimated future lease payments for non-cancelable lease agreements that have not commenced are not material.
The Company’s operating and finance right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are as follows:
(1)
Included in “Other assets” in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(2)
Included in “Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities” in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(3)
Included in “Other long-term liabilities” in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
The components of lease costs are as follows:
(1)
Includes variable lease payments related to our operating and finance leases and costs of leases with initial terms of less than one year.
Cash paid during the year for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities is as follows:
115
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Future minimum lease payments, as of September 28, 2024, are as follows:
Lessor Arrangements
The Company leases certain of its land and buildings to third parties, primarily at its parks and experiences businesses. Lessee payments include fixed amounts for the rental of the property although the vast majority of the payments are variable based on a percentage of lessee sales. Revenues recognized on these leases for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were $
0.6
billion
, $
0.5
billion
and $
0.4
billion
, respectively.
16
Fair Value Measurements
The Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value are summarized in the following tables by fair value measurement Level. See Note 10 for definitions of fair value measures and the Levels within the fair value hierarchy.
116
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
The fair value of Level 2 investments are primarily determined based on an internal valuation model that uses observable inputs such as stock trading price, volatility and risk free rate.
The fair values of Level 2 derivatives are primarily determined by internal discounted cash flow models that use observable inputs such as interest rates, yield curves and foreign currency exchange rates. Counterparty credit risk, which is mitigated by master netting agreements and collateral posting arrangements with certain counterparties, had an impact on derivative fair value estimates that was not material. The Company’s derivative financial instruments are discussed in Note 17.
Level 2 other liabilities are primarily arrangements that are valued based on the fair value of underlying investments, which are generally measured using Level 1 and Level 2 fair value techniques.
Level 2 borrowings, which include commercial paper, U.S. dollar denominated notes and certain foreign currency denominated borrowings, are valued based on quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or identical instruments in markets that are not active.
Level 3 borrowings include the Asia Theme Park borrowings, which are valued based on the current borrowing cost and credit risk of the Asia Theme Parks as well as prevailing market interest rates.
The Company’s financial instruments also include cash, cash equivalents, receivables and