Company has provided Hong Kong Disneyland Resort with a revolving credit facility of HK $
2.7
billion ($
347
million), which bears interest at a rate of three month HIBOR plus
1.25
% and matures in December 2028. The line of credit does not have a balance outstanding.
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort is undergoing a multi-year expansion estimated to cost HK $
10.9
billion ($
1.4
billion). The Company and HKSAR have agreed to fund the expansion on an equal basis through equity contributions, which totaled $
18
million and $
57
million in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. To date, the Company and HKSAR have funded a total of $
791
million.
HKSAR has the right to receive additional shares over time to the extent Hong Kong Disneyland Resort exceeds certain return on asset performance targets. The amount of additional shares HKSAR can receive is capped on an annual basis and could decrease the Company’s equity interest by up to
6
percentage points over a period no shorter than
10
years.
Shanghai Disney Resort
Shanghai Shendi (Group) Co., Ltd (Shendi) and the Company have
57
% and
43
% equity interests in Shanghai Disney Resort, respectively. A management company, in which the Company has a
70
% interest and Shendi a
30
% interest, operates Shanghai Disney Resort.
The Company has provided Shanghai Disney Resort with loans totaling $
961
million bearing interest at
8
% and are scheduled to mature in 2036 with earlier payments required based on available cash flows. In addition, early repayment is permitted. The loan is eliminated in consolidation. The Company has also provided Shanghai Disney Resort with a
1.9
billion yuan (approximately $
0.3
billion) line of credit bearing interest at
8
%. The line of credit does not have a balance outstanding.
94
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Shendi has provided Shanghai Disney Resort with loans totaling
8.6
billion yuan (approximately $
1.2
billion) bearing interest at
8
% and are scheduled to mature in 2036 with earlier payments required based on available cash flows. In addition, early repayment is permitted. Shendi has also provided Shanghai Disney Resort with a
2.6
billion yuan (approximately $
0.4
billion) line of credit bearing interest at
8
%. The line of credit does not have a balance outstanding.
7
Produced and Acquired/Licensed Content Costs and Advances
Total capitalized produced and licensed content by predominant monetization strategy is as follows:
Amortization of produced and licensed content is as follows:
(1)
Primarily included in “Costs of services” in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Fiscal 2024 amounts exclude impairment charges of $
187
million for produced content and fiscal 2023 amounts exclude impairment charges of $
2.0
billion for produced content and $
257
million for licensed programming rights recorded in “Restructuring and impairment charges” in the Consolidated Statements of Income (see Note 18).
95
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Total expected amortization by fiscal year of completed (released and not