parks and resorts will increase our costs to create our content and to operate our domestic parks and resorts, respectively. In July 2024, members of SAG-AFTRA commenced a work stoppage against video game employers, which is ongoing. As a general matter, resolution of labor disputes and negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements, including as a result of rate increases and other changes to employee benefits, has in the past increased our costs and may increase our costs in the future.
The seasonality of certain of our businesses and timing of certain of our product offerings could exacerbate negative impacts on our operations.
Each of our businesses is normally subject to seasonal variations and variations in connection with the timing of our product offerings, including as follows:
•
Revenues at the Experiences segment fluctuate with changes in theme park attendance and resort occupancy resulting from the seasonal nature of vacation travel and leisure activities and seasonal consumer purchasing behavior, which generally results in increased revenues during the Company’s first and fourth fiscal quarters. Peak attendance and resort occupancy generally occur during the summer months when school vacations occur and during early winter and spring holiday periods. Revenues at the Experiences segment also sometimes fluctuate with changes in theme park attendance and resort occupancy resulting from special celebrations or events that increase demand in the applicable periods and decrease demand in prior or later periods as guests time their vacations to occur during such special celebrations or events. In addition, licensing revenues fluctuate with the timing and performance of our theatrical releases and cable programming broadcasts.
•
Revenues from television networks and stations are subject to seasonal advertising patterns and changes in viewership levels, including related to certain sporting events. In general, domestic general entertainment linear networks advertising revenues are typically somewhat higher during the fall and somewhat lower during the summer months,
23
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
and sports advertising revenues are impacted by the timing of sports seasons and events, which varies throughout the year and/or take place periodically.
•
Revenues from content sales/licensing fluctuate due to the timing of content releases across various distribution markets. Release dates and methods are determined by a number of factors, including, among others, competition, and the timing of vacation and holiday periods.
•
DTC revenues fluctuate based on: changes in the number of subscribers, mix of subscribers to different offerings and subscriber fees; viewership levels; and the demand for sports and film and television content. Each of these is sensitive to the availability of content, which varies from time to time throughout the year based on, among other things, sports seasons, content production schedules and sports league work stoppages.