political conditions in certain countries outside the U.S. also have reduced, and could continue to reduce, our ability to hedge exposure to currency fluctuations in those countries or our ability to repatriate revenue from those countries.
Changes in technology, in consumer consumption patterns and in how entertainment products are created affect demand for our entertainment products, the revenue we can generate from these products and the cost of producing or distributing these products.
The media entertainment and technology businesses in which we participate increasingly depend on our ability to successfully adapt to new technologies including shifting patterns of content consumption and how entertainment products are generated. New technologies affect the demand for our products, the manner in which our products are distributed to consumers, the ways we charge for and receive revenue for our entertainment products and the stability of those revenue streams, the sources and nature of competing content offerings, the time and manner in which consumers acquire and view some of our entertainment products and the options available to advertisers for reaching their desired audiences. These developments have impacted the business model for certain traditional forms of distribution, as evidenced by the industry-wide decline in ratings for broadcast and cable television, the reduction in demand for home entertainment sales of theatrical content, the development of alternative distribution channels for broadcast and cable programming and declines in subscriber levels for traditional cable channels. These developments have decreased advertising and affiliate revenue at some of our linear networks and have led, and may lead in the future, to the impairment of the value of certain of our assets. In addition, theater-going to watch movies has remained below pre-pandemic levels.
Rules governing new technological developments, such as developments in artificial intelligence (AI), including generative AI and large language model tools, remain unsettled, and these developments may affect aspects of our existing business model, including revenue streams for the use of our IP, how we create our entertainment products and the competition we face. In order to respond to the impact of new technologies on our businesses, we regularly consider, and from time to time implement new initiatives and changes to our business models, including by developing, investing in and acquiring DTC products, reorganizing our media and entertainment businesses to advance our DTC strategies and developing new media offerings. There can be no assurance that our DTC offerings, new media offerings and other efforts will successfully respond to technological changes. In addition, declines in certain traditional forms of distribution impacts the cost of content allocable to our DTC offerings, negatively impacting the profitability of our DTC offerings. As part of our DTC strategy, we forgo