$0.5 billion of dividend payments to noncontrolling interest holders, partially offset by a $0.7 billion contribution from Hearst to acquire a 20% interest in our DTC sports business.
(2)
Primarily consists of equity award activity.
Borrowings activities and other
During the year ended September 28, 2024, the Company’s borrowing activity was as follows:
(1)
Borrowings and reductions of borrowings are reported net.
(2)
The other activity is primarily due to the amortization of purchase accounting adjustments and debt issuance fees.
(3)
See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding commitments to fund the Asia Theme Parks.
(4)
The other activity is due to market value adjustments for debt with qualifying hedges.
See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of the Company’s borrowing activities in fiscal 2024 and information regarding the Company’s bank facilities. The Company may use cash balances, operating cash flows,
50
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
commercial paper borrowings up to the amount of its unused $12.25 billion bank facilities and incremental term debt issuances to retire or refinance other borrowings before or as they come due.
See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of dividends and share repurchases in fiscal 2024. There were no dividends paid or share repurchases in fiscal 2023. The Company is targeting a total of $3 billion in share repurchases in fiscal 2025.
The Company may be required to pay an incremental amount for Hulu depending on a final determination of Hulu’s fair value. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the transactions with noncontrolling interest holders.
The Company’s operating cash flow and access to the capital markets can be impacted by factors outside of its control. We believe that the Company’s financial condition is strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets and borrowing capacity under current bank facilities, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements, contractual obligations, upcoming debt maturities as well as future capital expenditures related to the expansion of existing businesses and development of new projects. In addition, the Company could undertake other measures to ensure sufficient liquidity, such as raising additional financing, reducing or not declaring future dividends; reducing or stopping share repurchases; reducing capital spending; reducing film and episodic content investments; or implementing further cost-saving initiatives.
The Company’s borrowing costs can also be impacted by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by nationally recognized rating agencies, which are based, in significant part, on the Company’s performance as measured by certain credit metrics such as leverage and interest coverage ratios. As of September 28, 2024, Moody’s Ratings’ long- and