assets were $
1.2
billion and $
1.1
billion, respectively, and the aggregate fair value of plan assets was not material.
As of September 28, 2024, the projected benefit obligation for pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets was $
1.4
billion and the aggregate fair value of plan assets was not material. As of September 30, 2023, the projected benefit obligation for pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets was $
1.2
billion and the aggregate fair value of plan assets was not material.
103
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
The Company’s total accumulated pension benefit obligations at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were $
15.7
billion and $
13.8
billion, respectively. Approximately
98
% was vested as of both September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023.
The accumulated postretirement medical benefit obligations and fair value of plan assets for postretirement medical plans with accumulated postretirement medical benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were $
1.0
billion and $
0.9
billion, respectively, at September 28, 2024 and $
1.0
billion and $
0.8
billion, respectively, at September 30, 2023.
Plan Assets
A significant portion of the assets of the Company’s defined benefit plans are managed in a third-party master trust. The investment policy and allocation of the assets in the master trust were approved by the Company’s Investment and Administrative Committee, which has oversight responsibility for the Company’s retirement plans.
The investment policy ranges for the major asset classes are as follows:
The primary investment objective for the assets within the master trust is the prudent and cost effective management of assets to satisfy benefit obligations to plan participants. Financial risks are managed through diversification of plan assets, selection of investment managers and through the investment guidelines incorporated in investment management agreements. Investments are monitored to assess whether returns are commensurate with risks taken.
The long-term asset allocation policy for the master trust was established taking into consideration a variety of factors that include, but are not limited to, the average age of participants, the number of retirees, the duration of liabilities and the expected payout ratio. Liquidity needs of the master trust are generally managed using cash generated by investments or by liquidating securities.
Assets are generally managed by external investment managers pursuant to investment management agreements that establish permitted securities and risk controls commensurate with the account’s investment strategy. Some agreements permit the use of derivative securities (futures, options, interest rate swaps, credit default swaps) that enable investment managers to enhance returns and manage exposures within their accounts.
Fair Value Measurements of Plan Assets
Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received for selling an asset or paid