maintains hedge coverage between minimum and maximum percentages of its forecasted foreign exchange exposures generally for periods not to exceed four years. The gains and losses on these contracts are intended to offset changes in the U.S. dollar equivalent value of the related exposures. The economic or political conditions in a country have reduced and in the future could reduce our ability to hedge exposure to currency fluctuations in the country or our ability to repatriate revenue from the country.
Our objectives in managing exposure to commodity fluctuations are to use commodity derivatives to reduce volatility of earnings and cash flows arising from commodity price changes. The amounts hedged using commodity swap contracts are based on forecasted levels of consumption of certain commodities, such as fuel oil and gasoline.
Our objectives in managing exposures to market-based fluctuations in certain retirement liabilities are to use total return swap contracts to reduce the volatility of earnings arising from changes in these retirement liabilities. The amounts hedged using total return swap contracts are based on estimated liability balances.
It is the Company’s policy to enter into foreign currency and interest rate derivative transactions and other financial instruments only to the extent considered necessary to meet its objectives as stated above. The Company does not enter into these transactions or any other hedging transactions for speculative purposes.
66
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Legal Matters
As disclosed in Note 13 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company has exposure for certain legal matters.
Guarantees
See Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.
Tax Matters
As disclosed in Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company has exposure for certain tax matters.
Contractual Commitments
See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
UNCERTAINTIES
The future effects of the evolving macroeconomic, trade and travel conditions, including as a result of evolving international political developments, trade policies and consumer spending dynamics are unknown and, depending on how these conditions develop, could adversely affect demand for and availability of our products and services, increase our costs to provide products and services and have a negative impact on our results of operations. See also “Risk Factors” in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
OTHER MATTERS
Accounting Policies and Estimates
We believe that the application of the following accounting policies, which are important to our financial position and results of operations, require significant judgments and estimates on the part of management. For a summary of our significant accounting