from the Star India Transaction and an approximate 1 percentage point decrease due to an unfavorable movement of the U.S. dollar against major currencies including the impact of our hedging program (Foreign Exchange Impact). Aside from these impacts, service revenues increased due to higher subscription revenue, an increase in theatrical distribution revenue, growth at parks and experiences and higher advertising revenue.
Costs and expenses
Cost of services for the quarter increased 6%, or $0.7 billion, to $13.4 billion, which included an approximate 2 percentage point decrease due to the Star India Transaction. Aside from this impact, cost of services increased due to higher programming and production costs and, to a lesser extent, the impact of inflation and increased volumes at our parks and experiences businesses.
Selling, general, administrative and other costs increased 5%, or $0.2 billion, to $4.0 billion, which included an approximate 3 percentage point decrease due to the Star India Transaction. Aside from this impact, selling, general, administrative and other costs increased driven by higher marketing costs.
Depreciation and amortization increased 7%, or $0.1 billion, to $1.3 billion due to higher depreciation at our parks and experiences businesses.
Restructuring and impairment charges
Charges in the current quarter were $109 million for content impairments. Charges in the prior-year quarter were $2,052 million primarily for goodwill impairments related to the Star India Transaction and entertainment linear networks.
Interest expense, net
Interest expense, net is as follows:
The decrease in interest expense was due to lower average rates and debt balances, partially offset by a decrease in capitalized interest.
The decrease in interest income, investment income and other was due to an unfavorable comparison related to pension and postretirement benefit costs, other than service cost, the impact of lower cash and cash equivalent balances, and net investment losses in the current quarter.
Equity in the Income of Investees
Income from equity investees decreased $105 million, to $36 million from $141 million, due to losses from the India joint venture in the current quarter.
35
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Income Taxes
The effective income tax rate in the current quarter reflected a non-cash benefit from the resolution of a prior-year tax matter.
The effective income tax rate in the prior-year quarter reflected an unfavorable impact from the goodwill impairments, which are not tax deductible, partially offset by a non-cash tax benefit in connection with the Star India Transaction.
Excluding the impact of these items, the effective income tax rate would be 22.7% in the current quarter compared to 20.7% in the prior-year quarter.
Noncontrolling Interests
The decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was due to costs in connection with the purchase