Operating Income Related to Entertainment
The following table presents supplemental information for items related to the Entertainment segment that are excluded from segment operating income:
(1)
In the current quarter, amortization of intangible assets was $251 million and amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $66 million. In the prior-year quarter, amortization of intangible assets was $271 million and amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $69 million.
(2)
Charges for the current quarter were due to content
impairments
. Charges for the prior-year quarter were primarily for a goodwill impairment related to linear networks.
Sports
Operating results for Sports are as follows:
Revenues - Affiliate fees
47
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
The increase in domestic ESPN affiliate revenue reflected an increase of 8% from higher effective rates, which was largely offset by a decrease of 7% from fewer subscribers.
The increase in international ESPN affiliate revenue was attributable to higher effective rates, partially offset by an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact and fewer subscribers.
Revenues - Advertising
Domestic ESPN advertising revenue growth was due to increases of 19% from higher rates and 8% from higher average viewership. The increase in advertising revenue included the benefit from airing three additional College Football Playoff (CFP) games as well as one additional game NFL game due to timing.
Revenues - Subscription fees
The increase in subscription fees was due to an increase of 5% from higher effective rates, partially offset by a decrease of 2% from fewer subscribers.
Revenues - Other
Other revenue increased $30 million, to $297 million from $267 million, primarily due to higher fees received from the Entertainment segment to program certain sports content on Disney+ and ABC Network, partially offset by lower Ultimate Fighting Championship pay-per-view revenue attributable to lower average buys.
Key metrics
In addition to revenue, costs and operating income, management uses the following key metrics
(1)
to analyze trends and evaluate the overall performance of ESPN+, and we believe these metrics are useful to investors in analyzing the business:
(1)
See discussion on page
70
—DTC Product Descriptions, Key Definitions and Supplemental Information
Average Monthly Revenue Per Paid Subscriber - Second Quarter of Fiscal 2025 Comparison to First Quarter of Fiscal 2025
ESPN+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $6.36 to $6.58 primarily due to increases in pricing and the impact of subscriber mix shifts.
Average Monthly Revenue Per Paid Subscriber - Second Quarter of Fiscal 2025 Comparison to Second Quarter of Fiscal 2024
ESPN+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $6.30 to $6.58 primarily due to increases in pricing, partially offset by the impact of subscriber mix shifts.
48
MANAGEMENT’S