experiences.
Disney’s Animal Kingdom
— Disney’s Animal Kingdom consists of a 145-foot tall Tree of Life centerpiece surrounded by five themed areas: Africa, Asia, DinoLand USA, Discovery Island and Pandora - The World of Avatar. Each themed area contains attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences. The park features more than 300 species of live mammals, birds, reptiles and amphibians and 3,000 varieties of vegetation. DinoLand USA will be rethemed and in 2027, is planned to open as Tropical Americas, which will feature themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences.
Hotels, Vacation Club Properties and Other Resort Facilities
— As of September 28, 2024, the Company owned and operated 18 resort hotels and vacation club properties at the Walt Disney World Resort, with approximately 23,000 rooms and
10
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
3,600 vacation club units. Resort facilities include 500,000 square feet of conference meeting space and Disney’s Fort Wilderness camping and recreational area, which offers approximately 800 campsites.
Disney Springs is an approximately 120 acre themed retail, dining and entertainment complex and consists of four areas: Marketplace, The Landing, Town Center and West Side. The areas are home to approximately 150 venues including the World of Disney retail store, which includes approximately 38,000 square feet of retail space. Most of the Disney Springs facilities are operated by third parties that pay rent to the Company.
Ten independently-operated hotels with approximately 7,000 rooms are situated on property leased from the Company.
ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex is a 230 acre center that hosts professional caliber training and competitions, festival and tournament events and interactive sports activities. The complex, which welcomes both amateur and professional athletes, accommodates multiple sporting events, including baseball, basketball, football, soccer, softball, tennis and track and field. It also includes a stadium, as well as two venues designed for cheerleading, dance competitions and other indoor sports.
Other recreational amenities and activities available at the Walt Disney World Resort include three championship golf courses, miniature golf courses, full-service spas, tennis, sailing, swimming, horseback riding and a number of other sports and leisure time activities. The resort also includes two water parks: Disney’s Blizzard Beach and Disney’s Typhoon Lagoon.
Disneyland Resort
The Disneyland Resort is located in Anaheim, California on approximately 550 acres of land. The Disneyland Resort includes two theme parks (Disneyland and Disney California Adventure), three resort hotels and a retail, dining and entertainment complex (Downtown Disney).
The Disneyland Resort is marketed through a variety of international, national and local advertising and promotional activities. A number of attractions and restaurants in the theme parks are sponsored or