entertainment DTC services reporting unit.
In addition, as a result of our annual goodwill impairment assessment in fiscal 2023, we recorded non-cash goodwill impairment charges related to our entertainment and international sports linear networks reporting units of $
0.7
billion.
Content
We recorded charges of $
0.2
billion and $
2.6
billion, in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively, as a result of our strategic changes in approach to content curation. The fiscal 2024 charges related to the removal of produced content from our entertainment linear networks and DTC services. The fiscal 2023 charges included $
2.0
billion related to the removal of produced content from our entertainment DTC services and $
0.6
billion related to the termination of certain third-party license agreements for the right to use content primarily on our entertainment DTC services. We paid approximately $
0.4
billion of cash to terminate these license agreements.
Other
In fiscal 2024, the Company recorded charges of $
0.3
billion for asset impairments at our retail business, $
0.2
billion for impairments of equity investments and $
0.1
billion of severance. In fiscal 2023, the Company recorded charges of $
0.4
billion of severance, $
0.1
billion for impairment of an equity investment and $
0.1
billion for exiting our businesses in Russia. In fiscal 2022, the Company recorded charges of $
0.2
billion, primarily due to asset impairments related to exiting our businesses in Russia.
19
New Accounting Pronouncements and Other Disclosure Rules
Improvements to Reportable Segments Disclosures
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance to enhance reportable segment disclosures by requiring the disclosure of significant expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (CODM) and included in the segment’s measure of profit or loss. It also requires an explanation of how the CODM uses the segment’s measure of profit or loss to assess segment performance and allocate resources. The guidance is effective for the Company for annual periods beginning in fiscal year 2025 and for interim periods beginning in fiscal year 2026 and requires retrospective adoption. The Company is currently assessing the impacts of the new guidance on its financial statement disclosures.
121
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued guidance to enhance income tax disclosures. The new guidance requires an expanded effective tax rate reconciliation, the disclosure of cash taxes paid segregated between U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign, with further disaggregation by jurisdiction if certain thresholds are met and eliminates certain disclosures related to uncertain tax benefits. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning with the Company’s 2026 fiscal year (with early adoption permitted). The Company is currently assessing the impacts of the new guidance on its financial statement