certain services offered by vMVPDs. On November 30, 2022, a second private antitrust putative class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company on behalf of a putative class of certain subscribers to DirecTV Stream (the “Fendelander Action”), making similar allegations. The Company filed motions to dismiss for failure to state a claim in both the Biddle Action and Fendelander Action on January 31, 2023. On September 30, 2023, the court issued an order granting in part and denying in part the Company’s motions to dismiss both cases and, on October 13, 2023, the court issued an order consolidating both cases. On October 16, 2023, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended putative class action complaint (the “Consolidated Complaint”). The Consolidated Complaint asserts claims under Section 1 of the Sherman Act and certain Arizona, California, Florida, Illinois, Iowa, Massachusetts, Michigan, Nevada, New York, North Carolina, and Tennessee antitrust laws based on substantially similar allegations as the Biddle Action and the Fendelander Action. The Consolidated Complaint seeks injunctive relief, unspecified money damages and costs and fees. The Company intends to defend against the lawsuits vigorously and filed a motion to dismiss the Consolidated Complaint for failure to state a claim on December 1, 2023. The Company’s motion to dismiss the Consolidated Complaint was granted in part and denied in part on June 25, 2024. On September 12, 2024, the Court entered a case management order setting, among other dates, plaintiffs’ deadline to file their class certification motion for March 27, 2026. In a May 2, 2025 joint case management statement to the court, plaintiffs’ counsel in the Biddle Action stated plans to move to amend the operative complaint to add parties and claims, including a class of fuboTV subscribers, and a challenge under Section 7 of the Clayton Act to Disney’s pending transaction with Fubo.
The court has scheduled a case management conference for May 15, 2025.
On January 14, 2025, a private antitrust putative class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company on behalf of a putative class of certain subscribers to fuboTV (the “Unger Action”), making similar allegations to those in the now-consolidated Biddle and Fendelander Actions (consolidated lawsuit). The plaintiffs in Unger also alleged that Disney impermissibly bundles ESPN with other Disney networks and unjust enrichment. The Unger Action has since been transferred to the Northern District of California with the court finding it related to the Biddle and Fendelander Actions. The Unger plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on April 28, 2025, adding a named plaintiff and alleging essentially the same antitrust theories under the Sherman Act and the antitrust and consumer protection laws of thirty-seven states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico.