Networks:
Direct-to-Consumer
Operating results for Direct-to-Consumer are as follows:
Revenues - Subscription fees
Growth in subscription fees reflected increases of 9% from higher effective rates attributable to increases in pricing and 4% from more subscribers, partially offset by decreases of 2% from an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact and 1% from the Star India Transaction.
Revenues - Advertising
Higher advertising revenue was attributable to an increase of 24% from higher impressions, partially offset by decreases of 12% from lower rates and 10% from Star India, which included International Cricket Council (ICC) Cricket World Cup programming on Disney+ Hotstar in the prior-year period. There were no significant cricket events in the current period prior to the Star India Transaction.
55
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Key metrics
Average Monthly Revenue Per Paid Subscriber:
(1)
The prior-year period Average Monthly Revenue per Paid Subscriber has been adjusted to include Disney+ subscribers in Southeast Asia. These subscribers were previously reported with Disney+ Hotstar, which is no longer presented as this business was included in the Star India Transaction.
Domestic Disney+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber decreased from $8.07 to $8.02 due to the impact of subscriber mix shifts, partially offset by increases in pricing.
International Disney+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $6.04 to $7.35 due to increases in pricing, partially offset by the impact of subscriber mix shifts and an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact.
The average monthly revenue per paid subscriber for Hulu SVOD Only increased from $12.06 to $12.44 due to increases in pricing, partially offset by lower per-subscriber advertising revenue and the impact of subscriber mix shifts.
Hulu Live TV + SVOD average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $94.30 to $99.58 due to increases in pricing.
Operating expenses
Higher programming and production costs at Hulu were due to higher subscriber-based license fees attributable to rate increases for programming the Hulu Live TV service and more subscribers to bundles with third-party offerings, including premium add-ons.
The decrease in programming and production costs at Disney+ was due to Star India reflecting ICC Cricket World Cup programming in the prior-year period.
Other operating expenses increased due to higher technology and distribution costs.
Operating Income (Loss) from Direct-to-Consumer
Operating results from Direct-to-Consumer improved $720 million, to income of $629 million from a loss of $91 million, due to improved results at Disney+ and, to a lesser extent, at Hulu.
56
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Content Sales/Licensing and Other
Operating results for Content Sales/Licensing and Other are as follows:
Revenues - TV/VOD and home