are a number of competing DTC businesses. Consumers may not be willing to pay for an expanding set of DTC services at increasing prices, potentially exacerbated by challenging economic conditions, such as during periods of high inflation or declines in economic activity. In addition, such economic conditions negatively impact the purchase of and price for advertising on our DTC streaming services. We face competition for creative talent and sports and other programming rights and are sometimes not successful in recruiting and retaining talent and obtaining desired programming rights and face increased costs to do so. We have experienced flat subscriber growth or net losses of subscribers in periods. Our content does not always successfully attract and retain subscribers in the quantities that we expect. Our content is subject to cost pressures and may cost more than we expect. We may not successfully manage our costs to meet our profitability goals. Government regulation, including revised foreign content and ownership regulations as well as government-imposed content restrictions, impacts the implementation of our DTC business plans. The highly competitive environment in which we operate puts pricing pressure on our DTC offerings and may require us to lower our prices or not take price increases to attract or retain customers or lead to higher churn rates. These and other risks may impact the profitability and success of our DTC streaming services.
Potential credit ratings actions, increases in interest rates, or volatility in the U.S. and global financial markets could impede access to, or increase the cost of, financing our operations and investments.
Our borrowing costs have been and can be affected by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by nationally recognized ratings agencies that are based, in part, on the Company’s performance as measured by credit metrics such as leverage and interest coverage ratios. Our elevated indebtedness and leverage ratios in response to the financial impact of COVID-19 on our
22
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
businesses resulted in S&P Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings downgrading our debt ratings. As of September 28, 2024, Moody’s Ratings’ long- and short-term debt ratings for the Company were A2 and P-1 (Stable), respectively; S&P Global Ratings’ long- and short-term debt ratings for the Company were A- and A-2 (Positive), respectively; and Fitch Ratings’ long- and short-term debt ratings for the Company were A- and F2 (Stable), respectively. Any future downgrades could increase our cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing on acceptable terms.
In addition, increases in interest rates have increased our cost of borrowing and volatility in U.S. and global financial markets could impact our access to, or further increase the cost of, financing. Past disruptions in the U.S. and global credit and equity markets made it more difficult for many businesses to obtain financing on acceptable