recognized as revenue based on the contractual royalty rate applied to the licensee sales.
For TV/VOD licenses that include multiple titles with a fixed license fee across all titles, each title is considered a separate performance obligation. The fixed license fee is allocated to each title at contract inception and the allocated license fee is recognized as revenue when the title is available for use by the licensee.
When the license contains a minimum guaranteed license fee across all titles, the license fees earned by titles in excess of their allocated amount are deferred until the minimum guaranteed license fee across all titles is exceeded. Once the minimum guaranteed license fee is exceeded, revenue is recognized as earned based on the licensee’s underlying sales.
TV/VOD distribution contracts may limit the licensee’s use of a title to certain defined periods of time during the contract term. In these instances, each period of availability is generally considered a separate performance obligation. For these contracts, the fixed license fee is allocated to each period of availability at contract inception based on
83
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
relative standalone selling price using management’s best estimate. Revenue is recognized at the start of each availability period when the content is made available for use by the licensee.
When the term of an existing agreement is renewed or extended, revenues are recognized when the licensed content becomes available under the renewal or extension.
•
Theatrical distribution licensing fees are recognized as revenue based on the contractual royalty rate applied to the distributor’s underlying sales from exhibition of the film.
•
Home entertainment sales in electronic formats are recognized as revenue when the content is available for use by the consumer. Royalties from the licensing of physical home entertainment distribution rights are recognized as revenue as earned based on the contractual royalty rate applied to the licensee’s underlying product sales. Sales in physical formats through distributors are recognized as revenue on the later of the delivery date or the date that the product can be sold by retailers. We reduce home entertainment physical distribution revenues for estimated future returns of merchandise and sales incentives based upon historical return experience, current economic trends and projections of consumer demand for our products.
•
Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from revenue.
•
Shipping and handling fees collected from customers are recorded as revenue and the related shipping expenses are recorded in cost of products upon delivery of the product to the consumer.
Allowance for Credit Losses
We evaluate our allowance for credit losses and estimate collectability of current and non-current accounts receivable based on historical bad debt experience, our assessment of the financial condition of individual companies with which we do