population of high-quality corporate bonds and reflects the matching of the plans’ liability cash flows to the yield curves. A one percentage point decrease in the assumed discount rate would increase total benefit expense for fiscal 2025 by approximately $0.2 billion and would increase the projected benefit obligation at September 28, 2024 by approximately $2.4 billion. A one
52
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
percentage point increase in the assumed discount rate would decrease total benefit expense and the projected benefit obligation by approximately $0.2 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively.
To determine the expected long-term rate of return on the plan assets, we consider the current and expected asset allocation, as well as historical and expected returns on each plan asset class. Our expected return on plan assets is 7.25%. A lower expected rate of return on plan assets will increase pension and postretirement medical expense. A one percentage point change in the long-term asset return assumption would impact fiscal 2025 annual expense by approximately $
168
million.
Goodwill, Other Intangible Assets, Long-Lived Assets and Investments
The Company is required to test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and if current events or circumstances require, on an interim basis. The Company performs its annual test of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment in its fiscal fourth quarter.
Goodwill is allocated to various reporting units, which are an operating segment or one level below the operating segment. To test goodwill for impairment, the Company first performs a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. If it is, a quantitative assessment is required. Alternatively, the Company may bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative impairment test.
The qualitative assessment requires the consideration of factors such as recent market transactions, macroeconomic conditions and changes in projected future cash flows of the reporting unit.
The quantitative assessment compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, and to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment of goodwill is recognized for the excess up to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.
The impairment test for goodwill requires judgment related to the identification of reporting units, determining whether reporting units should be aggregated, the assignment of assets and liabilities including goodwill to reporting units, and the determination of fair value of the reporting units.
In fiscal 2024, we determined that our entertainment businesses, including DTC services, linear networks, and content sales/licensing, should be aggregated into a single reporting unit due to their interdependencies, including shared operating costs such as content, marketing, and