The Company currently expects its fiscal 2025 spend on produced and licensed content to be approximately $24 billion including sports rights but excluding Star India.  See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the Company’s contractual commitments to acquire sports and broadcast programming.
Commitments and guarantees
The Company has various commitments and guarantees, such as long-term leases, purchase commitments and other executory contracts, that are disclosed in the footnotes to the financial statements. See Notes 14 and 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding these commitments.
Legal and Tax Matters
As disclosed in Notes 9 and 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company has exposure for certain tax and legal matters.
Investing Activities
Investing activities, which consist principally of investments in parks, resorts and other property and acquisition and divestiture activity, for fiscal 2024 and 2023 are as follows:
49
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Investments in Parks, Resorts and Other Property
Capital expenditures at Entertainment primarily reflect investments in technology and in facilities and equipment for expanding and upgrading broadcast centers, production facilities and television station facilities.
Capital expenditures at Experiences are principally for theme park and resort expansion, new attractions, cruise ships, capital improvements and systems infrastructure. The increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 was due to higher spending on cruise ship fleet expansion, theme park and resort expansion and new attractions.
Capital expenditures at Corporate primarily reflect investments in facilities, information technology infrastructure and equipment. The decrease in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 was due to lower spending on facilities.
The Company currently expects its fiscal 2025 capital expenditures to total approximately $8 billion compared to fiscal 2024 capital expenditures of $5 billion. The projected increase in capital expenditures is primarily due to higher spending at Experiences, attributable to continued investment in cruise ship fleet expansion and new guest offerings at our theme parks.
Other Investing Activities
Cash used in other investing activities was $1.5 billion in fiscal 2024 reflecting an investment in Epic Games, Inc. Cash provided by other investing activities was $328 million for fiscal 2023 reflecting proceeds from the sale of investments.
Financing Activities
Financing activities for fiscal 2024 and 2023 are as follows:
(1)
Activities related to noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests in the current year were due to an $8.6  billion payment for Hulu’s redeemable noncontrolling interest and $0.5 billion of dividend payments to noncontrolling interest holders. Activities in the prior year were due to a $0.9 billion payment for BAMTech LLC’s redeemable noncontrolling interest and