environment. For example, in fiscal 2024, we announced entering into a definitive agreement to transfer Star India into a joint venture and related impairment charges; in fiscal 2023, we reorganized our media and entertainment operations, which had been previously reported in one segment, into two segments, Entertainment and Sports; in fiscal 2023 we announced that we would review content, primarily on our DTC services, for alignment with a strategic change in our approach to content curation, resulting in removal of certain content from our platforms and related impairment charges; in fiscal 2022, we announced plans to introduce an ad-supported Disney+ service, new pricing model and price increases and cost realignment; and we have announced exploration of a number of new types of businesses. Changes in strategy, such as was the case with the most recent reorganization of our media and entertainment operations, can lead to workforce disruptions. Our new business strategies are, among other things, subject to execution risk and may not produce the anticipated benefits, such as supporting our growth strategies and enhancing shareholder value. For example, notwithstanding our continuing efforts to rationalize costs, the cost of executing on our DTC strategy may continue to grow or be reduced more slowly than anticipated, which may impact our distribution strategy across businesses/distribution platforms, the types of content we distribute through various businesses/distribution platforms, the timing and sequencing of content windows and ultimately, the profitability of our DTC products and other businesses/distribution platforms. Over the long term, our new organization and strategies could be less successful than our previous organizational structure and strategies.
In addition, changing technology, consumer purchasing patterns and acceptance of content offerings and macroeconomic conditions may impair the value of our assets. We incur costs in connection with changes to our business strategy and have needed and may in the future need to write-down the value of our assets. Among other assets, we have impaired the value of our content primarily at our DTC services and goodwill and intangible assets at our linear networks and impaired the value of certain of our retail store assets. We may write down other assets as our strategy evolves to account for the business environment.
We also make investments in existing or new businesses, including investments in international expansion of our business and in new business lines. For example, in fiscal 2024, we announced plans for additional expansion of our fleet of cruise ships, and in recent years to expand investment in our Experiences segment. In addition, in recent years, we have made significant investments in our businesses, such as expansion and renovation of certain of our theme parks, additional cruise ships, the acquisition of TFCF Corporation (TFCF) and investments related to DTC offerings. The