Revenues - Other
The increase in other revenue was due to a favorable Foreign Exchange Impact.
Key Metrics
In addition to revenue, costs and operating income, management uses the following key metrics
(1)
to analyze trends and evaluate the overall performance of Disney+, Disney+ Hotstar and Hulu, and we believe these metrics are useful to investors in analyzing the business:
Paid subscribers at:
39
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Average Monthly Revenue Per Paid Subscriber for the fiscal year ended:
(1)
See discussion on page
55
—DTC Product Descriptions, Key Definitions and Supplemental Information
(2)
Total may not equal the sum of the column due to rounding.
Domestic Disney+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $6.97 to $7.89 due to higher retail pricing, partially offset by a higher mix of subscribers to wholesale offerings.
International Disney+ (excluding Disney+ Hotstar) average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $5.93 to $6.60 due to increases in retail pricing, partially offset by a higher mix of subscribers to ad-supported and promotional offerings and an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact.
Disney+ Hotstar average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $0.66 to $0.96 due to higher retail pricing and higher advertising revenue, partially offset by a higher mix of subscribers in lower-priced markets.
Hulu SVOD Only average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $12.17 to $12.35 due to increases in retail pricing, partially offset by a lower mix of subscribers with premium add-ons and a higher mix of subscribers to multi-product and promotional offerings.
Hulu Live TV + SVOD average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $90.52 to $95.12 due to higher retail pricing, partially offset by lower advertising, a lower mix of subscribers with premium add-ons and a higher mix of subscribers to promotional offerings.
Operating Expenses
Higher programming and production costs at Hulu were due to an increase in subscriber-based fees for programming the Hulu Live TV service primarily attributable to rate increases.
The decrease in programming and production costs at Disney+ and other was attributable to lower costs for non-sports content available on Disney+, partially offset by higher costs for cricket programming at Disney+ Hotstar. The increase in cricket programming costs reflected two significant ICC tournaments in the current year compared to one in the prior year.
Other operating expenses decreased due to lower distribution costs.
Selling, general, administrative and other
Selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $406 million, to $4,574 million from $4,168 million, primarily attributable to increases in marketing and labor costs.
Operating Income (Loss) from Direct-to-Consumer
Operating results from Direct-to-Consumer increased $2,639 million, to operating income of $143 million from an operating loss of $2,496 million due to improved results at Disney+.
40
TABLE OF