(continued)
Revenues - Advertising
The increase in domestic ESPN advertising revenue was due to increases of 15% from higher rates and 4% from an increase in average viewership. The increase in advertising revenue reflected the benefit of expanded college football programming including four additional CFP games.
The decrease in Star India advertising revenue was attributable to the comparison to ICC Cricket World Cup programming in the prior-year period. There were no significant cricket events in the current period prior to the Star India Transaction.
Revenues - Subscription fees
The increase in subscription fees was due to an increase of 5% from higher effective rates, partially offset by a decrease of 2% from fewer subscribers.
Revenues - Other
Other revenue increased $81 million, to $748 million from $667 million, due to higher fees received from the Entertainment segment to program certain sports content on Disney+ and ABC Network, partially offset by lower sub-licensing fees. The decrease in sub-licensing fees was due to the comparison to Star India sub-licensing of the ICC Cricket World Cup in the prior-year period, partially offset by fees from sub-licensing the CFP programming rights for two games in the current period.
Key Metrics
ESPN+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber increased from $6.20 to $6.47 due to increases in pricing, partially offset by the impact of subscriber mix shifts.
Operating expenses
59
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Domestic ESPN programming and production costs increased primarily due to expanded college football programming rights including the four additional CFP games as well as one additional NFL game due to timing.
The increase in international ESPN programming and production costs was due to higher soccer rights costs.
Star India programming and production costs decreased due to the comparison to ICC Cricket World Cup programming in the prior-year period.
The increase in other operating expense was attributable to higher technology costs.
Selling, general, administrative and other
Selling, general, administrative and other costs were comparable to the prior-year period as the write-off of an investment and higher marketing costs were offset by a favorable Foreign Exchange Impact.
Operating Income from Sports
Segment operating income increased $259 million, to $934 million from $675 million, driven by the comparison to the ICC Cricket World Cup programming in the prior-year period at Star India, partially offset by a decrease at domestic ESPN.
Supplemental revenue and operating income
The following table provides supplemental revenue and operating income (loss) detail for the Sports segment:
Items Excluded from Segment Operating Income Related to Sports
The following table presents supplemental information for items related to the Sports segment that are excluded from segment operating income:
(1)
Represents amortization of