tax benefits could change due to the resolution of open tax matters, which would reduce our unrecognized tax benefits by $
0.9
billion.
Other
In fiscal 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized income tax expense of $
55
million and $
93
million, respectively, for the shortfall between equity-based compensation deductions and amounts recorded based on the grant date fair value. In fiscal
101
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
2022, the Company recognized income tax benefits of $
2
million for the excess of equity-based compensation deductions over amounts recorded based on the grant date fair value.
10
Pension and Other Benefit Programs
The Company maintains pension and postretirement medical benefit plans covering certain of its employees not covered by union or industry-wide plans. The Company has defined benefit pension plans that cover employees hired prior to January 1, 2012. For employees hired after this date, the Company has a defined contribution plan. Benefits under these pension plans are generally based on years of service and/or compensation and generally require
3
years of vesting service. Employees generally hired after January 1, 1987 for certain of our media businesses and other employees generally hired after January 1, 1994 are not eligible for postretirement medical benefits.
Defined Benefit Plans
The Company measures the actuarial value of its benefit obligations and plan assets for its defined benefit pension and postretirement medical benefit plans at September 30 and adjusts for any plan contributions or significant events between September 30 and our fiscal year end.
The following chart summarizes the benefit obligations, assets, funded status and balance sheet impacts associated with the defined benefit pension and postretirement medical benefit plans:
(1)
The actuarial loss for fiscal 2024 was primarily due to a decrease in the discount rate used to determine the fiscal year-end benefit obligation from the rate that was used in the preceding fiscal year
.
(2)
The amount in fiscal 2023 was due to a change in postretirement medical benefit options.
102
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
The components of net periodic benefit cost (benefit) are as follows:
(1)
The amortization of prior-year service credits is related to a change in postretirement medical benefit options.
In fiscal 2025, we expect pension and postretirement medical costs to be negligible.
AOCI, before tax, as of September 28, 2024 consists of the following amounts that have not yet been recognized in net periodic benefit cost:
Plan Funded Status
As of September 28, 2024, the projected benefit obligation and accumulated benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were $
1.4
billion and $
1.3
billion, respectively, and the aggregate fair value of plan assets was not material. As of September 30, 2023, the projected benefit obligation and accumulated benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan