consolidation, but are considered in calculating earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests.
International Theme Parks’ cash flows included in the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended March 29, 2025 were $
700
million provided by operating activities, $
557
million used in investing activities and $
40
million used in financing activities.
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) and the Company have a
52
% and a
48
% equity interest in Hong Kong Disneyland Resort, respectively.
17
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited; tabular dollars in millions, except for per share data)
The Company and HKSAR have provided loans to Hong Kong Disneyland Resort with outstanding balances of $
41
million and $
27
million, respectively. The interest rate on both loans is three month HIBOR (Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate) plus
2
%, and the scheduled maturity date is September 2025. The Company’s loan is eliminated in consolidation.
The Company has provided Hong Kong Disneyland Resort with a revolving credit facility of HK $
2.7
billion ($
347
million), which bears interest at a rate of three month HIBOR plus
1.25
% and matures in 2028. The line of credit does not have a balance outstanding.
Shanghai Disney Resort
Shanghai Shendi (Group) Co., Ltd (Shendi) and the Company have
57
% and
43
% equity interests in Shanghai Disney Resort, respectively. A management company, in which the Company has a
70
% interest and Shendi a
30
% interest, operates Shanghai Disney Resort.
The Company has provided Shanghai Disney Resort with loans totaling $
922
million bearing interest at
8
% and are scheduled to mature in 2036 with earlier payments required based on available cash flows. In addition, early repayment is permitted. The loan is eliminated in consolidation. The Company has also provided Shanghai Disney Resort with a
1.9
billion yuan (approximately $
0.3
billion) line of credit bearing interest at
8
% and maturing in 2033. At March 29, 2025, the line of credit balance was not significant.
Shendi has provided Shanghai Disney Resort with loans totaling
8.2
billion yuan (approximately $
1.1
billion), bearing interest at
8
% and scheduled to mature in 2036 with earlier payments required based on available cash flows. In addition, early repayment is permitted. Shendi has also provided Shanghai Disney Resort with a
2.6
billion yuan (approximately $
0.4
billion) line of credit bearing interest at
8
% and maturing in 2033. At March 29, 2025, the line of credit balance was not significant.
7.
Produced and Acquired/Licensed Content Costs and Advances
The Company classifies its capitalized produced and acquired/licensed content costs as long-term assets and classifies advances for live programming rights made prior to the live event as short-term assets. For purposes of amortization and impairment, the capitalized content