compared to the prior-year period was due to subscription revenue growth, higher theatrical distribution revenue and an increase in TV/VOD and home entertainment distribution revenue. These increases were partially offset by lower advertising and affiliate revenue due to the Star India Transaction.
Operating income
The increase in Entertainment operating income in the current period compared to the prior-year period was due to improved results at Direct-to-Consumer and Content Sales/Licensing and Other, partially offset by a decline at Linear Networks due to the Star India Transaction.
Linear Networks
Operating results for Linear Networks are as follows:
53
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Revenues - Affiliate fees
The decrease in domestic affiliate revenue was due to a decline of 8% from fewer subscribers, which was largely offset by an increase of 8% from higher effective rates.
Lower international affiliate revenue was due to decreases of 22% from the Star India Transaction, 8% from lower effective rates and 5% from fewer subscribers.
Revenues - Advertising
The decline in domestic advertising revenue was due to a decrease of 8% from fewer impressions attributable to lower average viewership, partially offset by an increase of 3% from higher rates resulting from increased rates at the owned television stations.
Lower international advertising revenue was due to a decrease of 45% from the Star India Transaction.
Operating expenses
The decrease in domestic programming and production costs was driven by lower average cost programming at our cable channels, partially offset by a higher cost mix of programming at ABC Network.
International programming and production costs decreased primarily due to the Star India Transaction.
The decrease in other operating expenses was primarily due to lower technology costs and, to a lesser extent, a decrease from the Star India Transaction.
Selling, general, administrative and other
Selling, general, administrative and other costs decreased $198 million to $1,043 million from $1,241 million, due to lower marketing costs, the Star India Transaction and a favorable Foreign Exchange Impact.
Equity in the Income of Investees
Income from equity investees decreased $61 million, to $252 million from $313 million, due to lower income from A+E attributable to decreases in advertising and affiliate revenue.
54
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Operating Income from Linear Networks
Operating income from Linear Networks decreased $121 million, to $1,867 million from $1,988 million, due to a decrease at our international business as a result of the Star India Transaction and lower income from equity investees, partially offset by an increase at our domestic business.
Supplemental revenue and operating income
The following table provides supplemental revenue and operating income detail for Linear