opportunities to help employees grow and build their careers through training, professional development and educational programs.
◦
Our training and professional development programs are presented in online, instructor-led and on-the-job learning formats, including Career@Disney: INTERACTIVE, a new series of immersive virtual and in-person experiences designed to aid employees in enhancing their careers
◦
Our education investment program, Disney Aspire, offers assistance for tuition, books and fees to eligible participating employees at a variety of in-network learning providers and universities at levels ranging from high school completion to undergraduate degrees. At the end of fiscal 2024, more than 12,000 current employees were enrolled and more than 5,000 current employees had graduated since the program launched in 2018.
•
Social Impact:
The Company has a longstanding commitment to social impact by supporting communities through our philanthropic efforts, including through our support of wish granting and children’s hospitals and our efforts to support communities in which we operate and the contributions of our employees. The Company supports employees who make monetary donations to eligible nonprofits with a generous U.S. matching gifts program. In addition, through the Disney VoluntEARS program, we encourage employees to donate their time and talents to their local communities and provide grants that allow eligible employees to direct donations from the Company to nonprofits of their choosing as a benefit for the time they spend volunteering.
ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY
The Company has developed measurable environmental sustainability goals for 2030, based on our assessment of where the Company’s operations have the most significant environmental impacts and where we can most effectively mitigate those impacts. The Company’s goals encompass science-based targets for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, water stewardship, waste reduction, sustainable design in construction and use of more sustainable materials in our products.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTION
The Company’s businesses throughout the world are affected by its ability to exploit and protect against infringement of its IP, including trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and trade secrets. Important IP includes rights in the content of motion pictures, television programs, electronic games, sound recordings, character likenesses, theme park attractions, books and magazines and merchandise. Risks related to the protection and exploitation of IP rights and information concerning the expiration of certain of our copyrights are set forth in Item 1A – Risk Factors.
REGULATION
Federal Communications Commission Regulation
Television broadcasting is subject to extensive regulation by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) under federal laws and regulations, including the Communications Act of 1934, as amended. Violation of FCC regulations can result in substantial monetary fines,