merchandise shops and entertainment experiences.
Hotels and Other Facilities
— Shanghai Disneyland Resort includes two themed hotels with approximately 1,200 rooms. Disneytown is an 11-acre outdoor complex of retail, dining, and entertainment venues located adjacent to Shanghai Disneyland. Most Disneytown facilities are operated by third parties that pay rent to Shanghai Disney Resort. The Company is currently constructing a third themed hotel, which will have approximately 400 rooms.
Tokyo Disney Resort
Tokyo Disney Resort is located on 494 acres of land, six miles east of downtown Tokyo, Japan. The Company earns royalties on revenues generated by the Tokyo Disney Resort, which is owned and operated by Oriental Land Co., Ltd. (OLC), a third-party Japanese corporation. The resort includes two theme parks (Tokyo Disneyland and Tokyo DisneySea); six Disney-branded hotels; six other hotels (operated by third parties other than OLC); a retail, dining and entertainment complex (Ikspiari); and Bon Voyage, a Disney-themed merchandise location.
Tokyo Disneyland
— Tokyo Disneyland consists of seven themed areas: Adventureland, Critter Country, Fantasyland, Tomorrowland, Toontown, Westernland and World Bazaar.
Tokyo DisneySea
— Tokyo DisneySea is divided into eight “ports of call,” including American Waterfront, Arabian Coast, Lost River Delta, Mediterranean Harbor, Mermaid Lagoon, Mysterious Island, Port Discovery and Fantasy Springs, which opened in June 2024.
Hotels and Other Resort Facilities
— Tokyo Disney Resort includes six Disney-branded hotels with approximately 3,500 rooms and a monorail, which links the theme parks and resort hotels with Ikspiari. The sixth Disney-branded hotel, Tokyo DisneySea Fantasy Springs Hotel, opened in June 2024.
12
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Disney Vacation Club (DVC)
DVC offers ownership interests in 17 resort properties located at the Walt Disney World Resort; Disneyland Resort; Aulani; Vero Beach, Florida; and Hilton Head Island, South Carolina. Available units are offered for sale under a vacation ownership plan and are operated as hotel rooms when not occupied by vacation club members. The Company’s vacation club units range from deluxe studios to three-bedroom grand villas. Unit counts in this document are presented in terms of two-bedroom equivalents. DVC had approximately 4,500 vacation club units as of September 28, 2024, including the first phases of The Cabins at Disney’s Fort Wilderness Resort, which opened in July 2024.
Storyliving by Disney
The Company has partnered with a third-party developer to build two
Storyliving by Disney
residential communities:
Cotino
in Rancho Mirage, California; and
Asteria
in Pittsboro, North Carolina. The communities are currently under development, and the Company will earn royalties on revenues generated by sales of the residential homes.
Disney Cruise Line
Disney Cruise Line is a six-ship vacation cruise line, which operates out of ports in North America, Europe and the South