entertainment distribution
The increase in TV/VOD and home entertainment distribution revenue was due to higher TV/VOD sales of episodic content, driven by the timing of episodes delivered, and, to a lesser extent, an increase in home entertainment distribution revenue.
Revenues - Theatrical distribution
The increase in theatrical distribution revenue reflected more significant releases in the current period compared to the prior-year period. The current period included
Moana 2, Mufasa: The Lion King
and
Captain America: Brave New World.
The prior-year period included
Wish
and
The Marvels.
Revenues - Other
Other revenue decreased $68 million to $1,189 million from $1,257 million attributable to lower revenue from stage plays as a result of fewer performances.
Operating expenses
The increase in programming and production costs was due to higher production cost amortization attributable to the increases in theatrical and TV/VOD distribution revenues, partially offset by lower film cost impairments and a reduced number of stage play performances.
Selling, general, administrative and other
Selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $332 million, to $1,299 million from $967 million, due to higher theatrical marketing costs.
Operating Income (Loss) from Content Sales/Licensing and Other
Operating results from Content Sales/Licensing and Other improved $707 million, to income of $465 million from a loss of $242 million due to higher theatrical and TV/VOD distribution results, lower film cost impairments and higher home entertainment distribution results.
57
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Items Excluded from Segment Operating Income Related to Entertainment
The following table presents supplemental information for items related to the Entertainment segment that are excluded from segment operating income:
(1)
In the current period, amortization of intangible assets was $502 million and amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $133 million. In the prior-year period, amortization of intangible assets was $553 million and amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $137 million.
(2)
Charges for the current period were due to
content impairments
. Charges for the prior-year period were primarily for a goodwill impairment related to linear networks.
Sports
Operating results for Sports are as follows:
Revenues - Affiliate fees
The increase in domestic ESPN affiliate revenue reflected an increase of 7% from higher effective rates, which was largely offset by a decrease of 7% from fewer subscribers.
International ESPN affiliate revenue was comparable to the prior-year period as higher effective rates were offset by an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact and fewer subscribers.
The decrease in Star India affiliate revenue was due to the Star India Transaction.
58
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS —