costs and, to a lesser extent, a legal settlement.
Depreciation and amortization increased 5%, or $0.1 billion, to $2.6 billion due to higher depreciation at our parks and experiences businesses.
Restructuring and impairment charges
Charges in the current period were $143 million for impairment of goodwill in connection with the Star India Transaction and $109 million for content impairments. Charges in t
he prior-year period were $2,052 million primarily for goodwill impairments related to the Star India Transaction and entertainment linear networks.
37
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Interest expense, net
Interest expense, net is as follows:
The decrease in interest expense was due to lower average rates and average debt balances, partially offset by a decrease in capitalized interest.
The decrease in interest income, investment income and other reflected the impact of lower cash and cash equivalent balances, an unfavorable comparison of pension and postretirement benefit costs, other than service cost, and net investment losses in the current period compared to gains in the prior-year period.
Equity in the Income of Investees
Income from equity investees decreased $194 million, to $128 million from $322 million, due to losses from the India joint venture in the current period and lower income from A+E Television Networks (A+E).
Income Taxes
The effective income tax rate in the current period reflected a non-cash benefit from the resolution of a prior-year tax matter, partially offset by a non-cash tax expense in connection with the Star India Transaction.
The effective income tax rate in the prior-year period reflected an unfavorable impact from goodwill impairments, which are not tax deductible, partially offset by a non-cash tax benefit in connection with the Star India Transaction.
Excluding the impact of these items, the effective income tax rate would be 21.8% in the current period compared to 23.0% in the prior-year period.
Noncontrolling Interests
The decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was due to the accretion of NBC Universal’s interest in Hulu in the prior-year period.
Certain Items Impacting Results in the Six Month Period
Results for the six months ended March 29, 2025 were impacted by the following:
•
Restructuring and impairment charges of $252 million and a non-cash tax charge of $244 million
•
TFCF and Hulu Acquisition Amortization of $793 million
•
Resolution of a prior-year tax matter of $1,016 million
Results for the six months ended March 30, 2024 were impacted by the following:
•
Restructuring and impairment charges of $2,052 million
•
TFCF and Hulu Acquisition Amortization of $885 million
38
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
A summary of the impact of these items on EPS is as follows:
(1)
Tax benefit (expense) amounts are determined using the tax rate applicable