designed to correlate with consumption.
Segment revenues and segment operating income are as follows:
(1)
Equity in the income of investees is included in segment operating income as follows:
(1)
Restructuring and impairment charges in fiscal 2023 include the impact of a content license agreement termination with A+E, which generated a gain at A+E. The Company’s
50
% interest of this gain was $
56
million (A+E gain).
79
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
A reconciliation of segment revenues to total revenues is as follows:
(1)
In fiscal 2022, the Company early terminated certain license agreements with a customer for film and episodic content, which was delivered in previous years, in order for the Company to use the content primarily on our Entertainment Direct-to-Consumer services (Content License Early Termination). Because the content is functional IP, we had recognized substantially all of the consideration to be paid by the customer under the licenses as revenue in prior years when the content was delivered. Consequently, we have recorded the amounts to terminate the license agreements, net of remaining amounts of deferred revenue, as a reduction of revenue.
A reconciliation of segment operating income to income from continuing operations before income taxes is as follows:
(1)
Net of the A+E Gain in fiscal 2023.
(2)
“Other income (expense), net” for fiscal 2024 and 2023 includes charges related to a legal ruling of $
65
million and $
101
million, respectively. Fiscal 2023 and 2022 include a gain of $
169
million and a loss of $
663
million, respectively, to adjust our investment in DraftKings, Inc. to fair value. The Company sold the DraftKings investment in fiscal 2023.
(3)
TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization is as follows:
80
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Capital expenditures, depreciation expense and amortization of intangible assets are as follows:
The following table presents our revenues and segment operating income by geographical markets:
81
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Long-lived assets
(1)
by geographical markets are as follows:
(1)
Long-lived assets are primarily parks, resorts and other property, produced and licensed content costs, right-of-use lease assets, equity method investments and benefit plans in a net asset position. The fiscal 2023 presentation has been adjusted to conform with the fiscal 2024 presentation.
2
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of The Walt Disney Company and its majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
The Company enters into relationships with or makes investments in other entities that may be variable interest entities (VIE). A VIE is consolidated in the financial statements if the Company has the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to