Company licenses full-length live-action and animated films to theaters globally. Cumulatively through September 28, 2024, the Company has released approximately 1,100 full-length live-action films and 100 full-length animated films. In the domestic and most major international markets, we generally distribute and market our films directly. In certain international markets our films are distributed by independent companies. In some territories, certain films may be exclusively distributed on our DTC streaming services. During fiscal 2025, we expect to release approximately 15 films.
5
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
The Company incurs significant marketing and advertising costs before and throughout the theatrical release of a film in an effort to generate public awareness of the film, to increase the public’s intent to view the film and to help generate consumer interest in the subsequent home entertainment and other ancillary markets. These costs are expensed as incurred, which may result in a loss on a film in the theatrical markets, including in periods prior to the theatrical release of the film.
Home Entertainment Distribution
The Company’s film and episodic content is sold in both electronic (home video license and video-on-demand rentals) and physical (DVD and Blu-ray disc) formats. We distribute through e-tailers such as Apple and Amazon, and MVPDs, such as Comcast and DirecTV, for electronic distribution. We have licensed the rights for physical distribution to third parties who generally sell to retailers, such as Walmart and Amazon.
Physical distribution of film content in the home entertainment window generally starts within three months after the theatrical release. Electronic formats are typically available approximately two to ten weeks ahead of the physical release. We also license titles to video-on-demand e-tailers within five weeks after physical home entertainment distribution.
Distribution of episodic content in the home entertainment window includes electronic sales of season passes that can be purchased prior to, during and after the broadcast season with individual episodes typically available to season pass customers shortly after the initial airing of the show in each territory. Access to individual episodes is also available for electronic purchase shortly after the initial airing in each territory.
Disney Theatrical Group
Disney Theatrical Group develops, produces and licenses live entertainment events on Broadway and around the world. Productions include
The Lion King
,
Aladdin
,
Frozen
and
Beauty and the Beast
.
Disney Theatrical Group also licenses the Company’s IP to Feld Entertainment, the producer of
Disney On Ice
.
Disney Music Group
The Disney Music Group encompasses all aspects of the Company’s music commercialization and marketing including: recorded music (Walt Disney Records and Hollywood Records); music publishing; and concerts. Disney Music Group distributes music both physically and digitally and also licenses music