from tax deductions associated with option exercises and RSU vestings for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were approximately $
275
million, $
190
million and $
219
million, respectively.
13
Detail of Certain Balance Sheet Accounts
111
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
(1)
Indefinite lived intangible assets consist of ESPN, Pixar and Marvel trademarks and television FCC licenses.
112
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
14
Commitments and Contingencies
Commitments
The Company has various contractual commitments for rights to sports, films and other programming, totaling approximately $
92.2
billion, including approximately $
2.6
billion for available programming as of September 28, 2024. The Company also has contractual commitments for the construction of cruise ships, creative talent and employment agreements and unrecognized tax benefits. Creative talent and employment agreements include obligations to actors, producers, sports, television and radio personalities and executives.
Contractual commitments for sports programming rights, other programming rights and other commitments including cruise ships and creative talent are as follows:
(1)
Primarily relates to rights for NBA, NFL, college football (including bowl games and the College Football Playoff) and basketball, tennis, soccer, NHL, WNBA, MLB, UFC and golf. Certain sports programming rights have payments that are variable based primarily on revenues and are not included in the table above.
(2)
The table above excludes commitments related to our Star India businesses that are held for sale of approximately $
4.5
billion primarily related to sports programming rights.
Legal Matters
On May 12, 2023, a private securities class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California against the Company, its former Chief Executive Officer, Robert Chapek, its former Chief Financial Officer, Christine M. McCarthy, and the former Chairman of the Disney Media and Entertainment Distribution segment, Kareem Daniel on behalf of certain purchasers of securities of the Company (the “Securities Class Action”). On November 6, 2023, a consolidated complaint was filed in the same action, adding Robert Iger, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, as a defendant. Claims in the Securities Class Action include (i) violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder against all defendants, (ii) violations of Section 20A of the Exchange Act against Iger and McCarthy, and (iii) violations of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against all defendants. Plaintiffs in the Securities Class Action allege purported misstatements and omissions concerning, and a scheme to conceal, accurate costs and subscriber growth of the Disney+ platform. Plaintiffs seek unspecified damages, plus interest and costs and fees. The Company intends to defend against the lawsuit vigorously and filed a motion to dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim on December 21, 2023. A hearing on the motion to