vMVPDs. On November 30, 2022, a second private antitrust putative class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company on behalf of a putative class of certain subscribers to DirecTV Stream (the “Fendelander Action”), making similar allegations. The Company filed motions to dismiss for failure to state a claim in both the Biddle Action and Fendelander Action on January 31, 2023. On September 30, 2023, the court issued an order granting in part and denying in part the Company’s motions to dismiss both cases and, on October 13, 2023, the court issued an order consolidating both cases. On October 16, 2023, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended putative class action complaint (the “Consolidated Complaint”). The Consolidated Complaint asserts claims under Section 1 of the Sherman Act and certain Arizona, California, Florida, Illinois, Iowa, Massachusetts, Michigan, Nevada, New York, North Carolina, and Tennessee antitrust laws based on substantially similar allegations as the Biddle Action and the Fendelander Action. The Consolidated Complaint seeks injunctive relief, unspecified money damages and costs and fees. The Company intends to defend against the lawsuits vigorously and filed a motion to dismiss the Consolidated Complaint for failure to state a claim on December 1, 2023. The Company’s motion to dismiss the Consolidated Complaint was granted in part and denied in part on June 25, 2024. On September 12, 2024, the Court entered a case management order setting, among other dates, Plaintiffs’ deadline to file their class certification motion on March 27, 2026. The consolidated lawsuit is in the early stages, and at this time we cannot reasonably estimate the amount of any possible loss.
On February 20, 2024, a private antitrust lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company (including affiliates ESPN, Inc., ESPN Enterprises, Inc., and Hulu, LLC), Fox Corporation, and Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. (collectively, “Defendants”), by fuboTV Inc. and fuboTV Media Inc. (together, “Fubo”). Fubo asserts claims under Section 1 of the Sherman Act, Section 7 of the Clayton Act, and New York antitrust law based on the theories that (a) a planned joint venture between ESPN, Inc., Fox Corporation, and Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc., which will distribute certain of Defendants’ linear networks to consumers (the “Sports Streaming JV”), will harm competition in alleged markets for the licensing of networks that offer live sports content and for streaming live pay tv, (b) certain alleged practices by which the Company and Fox Corporation license their networks to vMVPDs as a bundle increase prices and reduce output for services offered by vMVPDs, and (c) certain alleged pricing provisions in Defendants’ carriage agreements with YouTube TV and Hulu + Live TV, as well as in Hulu + Live TV’s carriage agreements with non-Defendant programmers, increase