did not renew for the current fiscal year.
Depreciation and amortization
Depreciation and amortization decreased $34 million, to $39 million from $73 million primarily due to technology assets that were fully depreciated in the prior year.
Operating Income from Sports
Operating income decreased $59 million, to $2,406 million from $2,465 million due to higher operating losses at Star India and, to a lesser extent, international ESPN, partially offset by an increase at domestic ESPN.
Supplemental revenue and operating income
The following table provides supplemental revenue and operating income (loss) detail for the Sports segment:
Items Excluded from Segment Operating Income Related to Sports
The following table presents supplemental information for items related to Sports that are excluded from segment operating income:
(1)
Represents amortization of intangible assets.
(2)
Fiscal 2023 includes $296 million for a goodwill impairment and $50 million for severance.
44
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Experiences
Operating results for the Experiences segment are as follows:
Revenues - Theme park admissions
The increase in theme park admissions revenue was due to increases of 5% from higher average per capita ticket revenue and 2% from attendance growth.
Revenues - Resorts and vacations
Growth in resorts and vacations revenue was primarily attributable to increases of 3% from higher average ticket prices for cruise line sailings, 1% from an increase in average daily hotel room rates and 1% from higher occupied hotel room nights, partially offset by a decrease of 1% from lower unit sales at Disney Vacation Club.
Revenues - Parks & Experiences merchandise, food and beverage
Parks & Experiences merchandise, food and beverage revenue growth was due to increases of 2% from higher volumes and 2% from higher average guest spending.
Revenues - Merchandise licensing and retail
Lower merchandise licensing and retail revenue was due to decreases of 1% from an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact and 1% from retail, partially offset by an increase of 1% from merchandise licensing. Lower retail revenue was due to a decrease in online sales. Growth in licensing revenue was due to higher royalties from merchandise sales, partially offset by lower minimum guarantee shortfall recognition.
Revenues - Parks licensing and other
The increase in parks licensing and other revenue was attributable to higher sponsorship revenues, a favorable Foreign Exchange Impact and higher royalties from Tokyo Disney Resort.
45
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Key Metrics
In addition to revenue, costs and operating income, management uses the following key metrics to analyze trends and evaluate the overall performance of our theme parks and resorts, and we believe these metrics are useful to investors in analyzing the business
:
(1)
Per capita guest spending growth rate and per room guest spending growth rate exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
(2)
Attendance is used to analyze volume