about previously detected events.
Governance
The Company’s Board of Directors has delegated to the Audit Committee oversight responsibility for information technology risks, including cybersecurity and data security risks and mitigation strategies. The Audit Committee at least annually receives reports from the Senior Vice President, Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) concerning the Company’s cybersecurity and data security risks, including ongoing efforts to prevent, detect, monitor, remediate and manage such cybersecurity threats, the threat environment, incident updates and emerging cybersecurity practices and technologies. The Chair of the Audit Committee reports on its discussion, including concerning cybersecurity matters, to the full Board. In addition, from time to time, senior management briefs the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee Chair and the Board on cybersecurity matters potentially of interest, including cybersecurity events, regulatory disclosures and regulatory trends.
Day-to-day management of our information security strategy and operations is currently the responsibility of our CISO, who reports into our Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining the Company, our CISO held senior leadership roles in various other organizations, including as CISO for a publicly traded, global retailer and as a consultant advising organizations on information security strategy, and as a Special Agent with the U.S. Secret Service focusing on electronic crimes. That experience is supplemented by the collective experience and expertise of our dedicated internal teams of cybersecurity personnel.
In addition, the Company’s RMC, a management level committee that includes, among others, the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal and Compliance Officer, oversees and supports the Company’s ongoing efforts to identify, assess and prioritize, manage and monitor the Company’s enterprise risks, including risks related to privacy and cybersecurity, and periodically reports certain discussions to the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Audit Committee. The RMC’s Cybersecurity Incident Disclosure Subcommittee, whose members include the members of the RMC, the CISO and lead securities counsel, is tasked with assessing significant events for materiality, related timely and accurate disclosure under the securities laws and, as appropriate, escalating such events to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors.
ITEM 2. Properties
Our parks and resorts locations and other properties of the Company and its subsidiaries are described in Item 1 under the caption
Experiences
. Film and television library properties and television stations owned by the Company are described in Item 1 under the caption
Entertainment
.
28
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
The Company and its subsidiaries own and lease properties throughout the world. In addition to the properties noted above, the table below provides a brief description of other significant properties and the related business