billboards. Our television stations primarily compete for audiences and advertisers in local market areas.
Linear Networks compete with other networks for carriage by MVPDs. The Company’s contractual agreements with MVPDs are renewed or renegotiated from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Consolidation and other market conditions in the cable, satellite and telecommunication distribution industry, including subscriber levels, and other factors may adversely affect the Company’s ability to obtain and maintain contractual terms for the distribution of its various programming services that are as favorable as those currently in place.
Content Sales/Licensing businesses compete with all forms of entertainment and a significant number of companies that produce and/or distribute film and episodic content, distribute products in the home entertainment market, provide pay TV/VOD services, and produce music and live theater.
The operating results of Content Sales/Licensing fluctuate due to the timing and performance of releases in the theatrical, home entertainment and television markets. Release dates are determined by several factors, including competition and the timing of vacation and holiday periods.
We also compete with other media and entertainment companies, independent production companies and video-on-demand services for creative and performing talent, story properties, show concepts, scripted and other programming, advertiser support, production facilities and exhibition outlets that are essential to the success of our Entertainment businesses.
Advertising revenues at Linear Networks and Direct-to-Consumer are subject to seasonal advertising patterns and changes in viewership levels. In general, domestic advertising revenues are typically somewhat higher during the fall and somewhat lower during the summer months. Affiliate revenues vary with the subscriber levels of MVPDs.
SPORTS
The Sports segment generally encompasses the Company’s sports-focused global television and DTC video streaming content production and distribution activities.
The lines of business within Sports include the following:
•
ESPN (generally owned 80% by the Company)
◦
Domestic:
▪
Seven ESPN-branded television channels
▪
ESPN on ABC (sports programmed on the ABC Network by ESPN)
▪
ESPN+ DTC service
◦
International: ESPN-branded channels outside of the U.S.
•
Star: Star-branded sports channels in India
In February 2024, the Company, Fox Corporation and Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. announced plans to create a joint venture to offer a sports-focused DTC platform (Venu Sports) that will distribute each party’s domestic sports networks, certain broadcast networks and sports streaming services. In August 2024, a motion for preliminary injunction in a matter before the District Court for the Southern District of New York was granted, enjoining the launch of Venu Sports.
See Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding this