to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants and is generally classified in one of the following categories of the fair value hierarchy:
Level 1 – Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets
Level 2 – Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets
Level 3 – Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable
Investments that are valued using the net asset value (NAV) (or its equivalent) practical expedient are excluded from the fair value hierarchy disclosure. NAV per share is determined based on the fair value using the underlying assets divided by the number of units outstanding.
The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets reported at fair value. The methodologies used at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 are the same.
Level 1 investments are valued based on reported market prices on the last trading day of the fiscal year. Investments in common and preferred stocks and mutual funds are valued based on the securities’ exchange-listed price or a broker’s quote in an active market. Investments in U.S. Treasury securities are valued based on a broker’s quote in an active market.
Level 2 investments in government and federal agency bonds and notes (excluding U.S. Treasury securities), corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities (MBS) and asset-backed securities are valued using a broker’s quote in a non-active market or an evaluated price based on a compilation of reported market information, such as benchmark yield curves, credit spreads and estimated default rates. Derivative financial instruments are valued based on models that incorporate observable inputs for the underlying securities, such as interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates.
104
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
The Company’s defined benefit plan assets are summarized by level in the following tables:
(1)
Includes
2.9
million shares of Company common stock valued at $
278
million and
2.9
million shares valued at $
235
million at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively.
Uncalled Capital Commitments
Alternative investments held by the master trust include interests in funds that have rights to make capital calls to the investors. In such cases, the master trust would be contractually obligated to make a cash contribution at the time of the capital call. At September 28, 2024, the total committed capital still uncalled and unpaid was $
1.5
billion.
Plan Contributions
During fiscal 2024, the Company made $
95
million of contributions to its pension and postretirement medical plans. The Company currently does not expect to make material pension and postretirement medical plan contributions in fiscal