translation adjustments are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI).
Inventories
Inventory primarily includes vacation timeshare units, merchandise, food, materials and supplies. Carrying amounts of vacation ownership units are recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Carrying amounts of merchandise, food, materials and supplies inventories are generally determined on a moving average cost basis and are recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value.
Film and Television Content Costs
The Company classifies its capitalized produced and acquired/licensed content costs as long-term assets (“Produced and licensed content costs” in the Consolidated Balance Sheet) and classifies advances for live programming rights made prior to the live event as short-term assets (“Content advances” in the Consolidated Balance Sheet). For produced content, we capitalize all direct costs incurred in the physical production of a film, as well as allocations of production overhead and capitalized interest. For licensed and acquired content, we capitalize the license fee or acquisition cost, respectively. For purposes of amortization and impairment, the capitalized content costs are classified based on their predominant monetization strategy as follows:
•
Individual - lifetime value is predominantly derived from third-party revenues that are directly attributable to the specific film or television title (e.g. theatrical revenues or sales to third-party television programmers)
•
Group - lifetime value is predominantly derived from third-party revenues that are attributable only to a bundle of titles (e.g. subscription revenue for a DTC service or affiliate fees for a cable television network)
The determination of the predominant monetization strategy is made at commencement of production on a consolidated basis and is based on the means by which we derive third-party revenues from use of the content. Imputed title by title license fees that may be necessary for other purposes are established as required for those purposes.
We generally classify content that is initially intended for use on our DTC streaming services or Linear Networks as group assets. We generally classify content initially intended for theatrical release or for sale to third-party licensees as individual assets. The classification of content as individual or group only changes if there is a significant change to the title’s monetization strategy relative to its initial assessment (e.g. content that was initially intended for license to a third party is instead used on an owned DTC service). When there is a significant change in monetization strategy, the title’s capitalized content costs are tested for impairment.
Production costs for content that is predominantly monetized individually are amortized based upon the ratio of the current period’s revenues to the estimated remaining total revenues (Ultimate Revenues). For film productions, Ultimate