short-term debt ratings for the Company were A2 and P-1 (Stable), respectively, S&P Global Ratings’ long- and short-term debt ratings for the Company were A- and A-2 (Positive), respectively, and Fitch Ratings’ long- and short-term debt ratings for the Company were A- and F2 (Stable), respectively. The Company’s bank facilities contain only one financial covenant, relating to interest coverage of three times earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, including both intangible amortization and amortization of our film and television production and programming costs. On September 28, 2024, the Company met this covenant by a significant margin. The Company’s bank facilities also specifically exclude certain entities, including the Asia Theme Parks, from any representations, covenants or events of default.
DEVELOPMENTS AND TRENDS
Star India Transaction
The Company and RIL plan to close a transaction on or about November 14, 2024, which will form a joint venture that combines our Star-branded and other general entertainment and sports television channels and Disney+ Hotstar service in India (Star India) and certain media and entertainment businesses of RIL (see Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). The Company will have a 37% interest in the joint venture. The Company has consolidated, and will continue to consolidate, the income statement and cash flow activities of Star India through the closing date, at which time the Company will recognize on its balance sheet the 37% investment at fair value. In addition, the Company will begin recognizing its proportional share of the joint venture’s results in “Equity in the income of investees, net” in the Consolidated Statement of Income. The equity earnings of the joint venture will not be reported in our segments’ operating results.
Trends
To drive growth at our sports and entertainment businesses, we are, among other things, making strategic investments in our DTC offerings. Although there can be no assurances these investments will be successful, we expect that they will lead to growth in subscription fees and advertising revenues that will more than offset impacts on affiliate fees and advertising revenue from declines in linear network subscribers and the related decrease in average viewership, which we expect will continue.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
We believe that the application of the following accounting policies, which are important to our financial position and results of operations, require significant judgments and estimates on the part of management. For a summary of our significant accounting policies, including the accounting policies discussed below, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Produced and Acquired/Licensed Content Costs
We amortize and test for impairment capitalized film and television production costs based on whether the content is predominantly monetized individually or as a group.