shared services and certain labor related costs, are allocated based on metrics designed to correlate with consumption.
Sports
The Sports segment primarily generates revenue from affiliate fees, advertising, subscription fees, pay-per-view fees and sub-licensing of sports rights. Operating expenses consist primarily of programming and production costs, technology support costs, operating labor and distribution costs. Programming and production costs include amortization of licensed sports rights and production costs related to live sports and other sports-related programming.
Experiences
The Experiences segment primarily generates revenue from the sale of admissions to theme parks, the sale of food, beverage and merchandise at our theme parks and resorts, charges for room nights at hotels, sales of cruise vacations, sales and rentals of vacation club properties, royalties from licensing our IP for use on consumer goods and the sale of branded merchandise. Revenues are also generated from sponsorships and co-branding opportunities, real estate rent and sales, and royalties from Tokyo Disney Resort. Significant expenses include operating labor, infrastructure costs, costs of goods sold and distribution costs, depreciation and other operating expenses. Infrastructure costs include technology support costs, repairs and maintenance, utilities and fuel, property taxes, retail occupancy costs, insurance and transportation. Other operating expenses include costs for such items as supplies, commissions and entertainment offerings.
Eliminations
The following transactions are recognized in segment revenues and eliminated in total Company revenue:
•
Fees paid by Hulu to ESPN and the Entertainment linear networks business for the right to air their networks on Hulu Live
•
Fees paid by ABC Network and Disney+ to ESPN to program ESPN on ABC and certain sports content on Disney+, respectively
BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS - 2024 vs. 2023
The following table presents revenues from our operating segments:
The following table presents income from our operating segments and other components of income from continuing operations before income taxes:
(1)
Restructuring and impairment charges in the prior year i
nclude the A+E
gain.
36
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Entertainment
Revenue and operating results for the Entertainment segment are as follows:
Revenues
The increase in Entertainment revenues was due to subscription revenue growth, partially offset by decreases in theatrical distribution, affiliate and TV/VOD distribution revenues.
Operating income
The increase in Entertainment operating income was due to improved results at Direct-to-Consumer and, to a lesser extent, Content Sales/Licensing and Other, partially offset by a decrease at Linear Networks.
Linear Networks
Operating results for Linear Networks are as follows:
Revenues - Affiliate fees
The decrease in domestic affiliate revenue was due to a decline of 11% from fewer subscribers, including the impact of the non-renewal