STATEMENTS
(unaudited; tabular dollars in millions, except for per share data)
24
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited; tabular dollars in millions, except for per share data)
25
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited; tabular dollars in millions, except for per share data)
Details about AOCI components reclassified to net income are as follows:
12.
Equity-Based Compensation
Compensation expense related to stock options and restricted stock units (RSUs) is as follows:
(1)
Equity-based compensation expense is net of capitalized equity-based compensation and estimated forfeitures and excludes amortization of previously capitalized equity-based compensation costs.
Unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options and RSUs was $
118
million and $
2.5
billion, respectively, as of March 29, 2025.
During the six months ended March 29, 2025, the Company made equity compensation grants consisting of
2.4
million stock options and
14.2
million RSUs with weighted average grant date fair values of $
37.98
and $
109.20
, respectively. During the six months ended March 30, 2024, the weighted average grant date fair values for stock options and RSUs were $
32.10
and $
94.25
, respectively.
13.
Commitments and Contingencies
Legal Matters
On May 12, 2023, a private securities class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California against the Company, its former Chief Executive Officer, Robert Chapek, its former Chief Financial Officer, Christine M. McCarthy, and the former Chairman of the Disney Media and Entertainment Distribution segment, Kareem Daniel on behalf of certain purchasers of securities of the Company (the “Securities Class Action”). On November 6, 2023, a consolidated complaint was filed in the same action, adding Robert Iger, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, as a defendant. Claims in the Securities Class Action include (i) violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder against all defendants, (ii) violations of Section 20A of the Exchange Act against Iger and McCarthy, and (iii) violations of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against all defendants. Plaintiffs in the Securities Class Action allege purported misstatements and omissions concerning, and a scheme to conceal, accurate costs and subscriber growth of the Disney+ platform. Plaintiffs seek unspecified damages, plus interest and costs and fees. The Company intends to defend against the lawsuit vigorously. It filed a motion to dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim on December 21, 2023, which was granted in part (dismissing the Section 20A claim against Iger) and otherwise denied on February 19, 2025. On March 28, 2025,
26
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited; tabular dollars in millions, except for per share data)
the Company filed