dismiss was held on September 27, 2024. The lawsuit is in the early stages and at this time we cannot reasonably estimate the amount of any possible loss.
Three shareholder derivative complaints have been filed. The first, in which Hugues Gervat is the plaintiff, was filed on August 4, 2023, in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. The second, in which Stourbridge Investments LLC is the plaintiff, was filed on August 23, 2023 in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware. And the third, in which Audrey McAdams is the Plaintiff, was filed on December 15, 2023, in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. Each named The Walt Disney Company as a nominal defendant and alleged claims on its behalf against the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Robert Iger; its former Chief Executive Officer, Robert Chapek; its former Chief Financial Officer, Christine M. McCarthy; the former Chairman of the Disney Media and Entertainment Distribution segment, Kareem Daniel, and ten current and former members of the Disney Board (Susan E. Arnold; Mary T. Barra; Safra A. Catz; Amy L. Chang; Francis A. deSouza; Michael B.G. Froman; Maria Elena Lagomasino; Calvin R. McDonald; Mark G. Parker; and Derica W. Rice). Along with alleged violations of Sections 10(b), 14(a), 20(a), and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities Exchange Act, premised on similar allegations as the Securities Class Action, plaintiffs seek to recover under various theories including breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement and waste. On October 24, 2023, the Stourbridge action was voluntarily dismissed and, on November 16, 2023, was refiled in Delaware state court alleging analogous theories of liability based on state law. On October 30, 2023, the Gervat action was stayed pending a ruling on the motion to dismiss filed in the Securities Class Action. The Stourbridge action was likewise stayed under an order entered December 12, 2023 and the McAdams action was stayed under an order entered February 20, 2024. The actions seek declarative and injunctive relief, an award of unspecified damages to The Walt Disney Company and other costs and fees. The Company intends to defend against
113
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
these lawsuits vigorously. The lawsuits are in the early stages, and at this time we cannot reasonably estimate the amount of any possible loss.
On November 18, 2022, a private antitrust putative class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company on behalf of a putative class of certain subscribers to YouTube TV (the “Biddle Action”). The plaintiffs in the Biddle Action asserted a claim under Section 1 of the Sherman Act based on allegations that Disney uses certain pricing and packaging provisions in its carriage agreements with virtual multichannel video distributors (“vMVPDs”) to increase prices for and reduce output of certain services offered by