the deferred revenue balance at September 30, 2023, October 1, 2022 and October 2, 2021, respectively. Amounts deferred generally relate to theme park admissions and vacation packages, DTC subscriptions and advances related to merchandise and TV/VOD licenses.
The Company has accounts receivable with original maturities greater than one year related to the sale of vacation club properties and film and television program rights (TV/VOD licensing). These receivables are discounted to present value at contract inception and the related revenues are recognized at the discounted amount. The balance of vacation club receivables recorded in other non-current assets was $
0.7
billion at both September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. The balance of TV/VOD licensing receivables recorded in other non-current assets was $
0.3
billion at September 28, 2024 and $
0.6
billion at September 30, 2023. The allowance for credit losses for vacation club and TV/VOD licensing receivables and related activity for fiscal 2024 and 2023 were not material.
4.
Dispositions
The Company and RIL plan to close the Star India Transaction on or about November 14, 2024, which will form a joint venture that includes Star India and certain media and entertainment businesses controlled by RIL, primarily in India. RIL has an effective
56
% controlling interest in the joint venture with
37
% held by the Company, and
7
% by Bodhi Tree Systems, a third party investment company.
Star India’s assets and liabilities are classified as held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 28, 2024, and we recorded $
1.5
billion of non-cash impairment charges in “Restructuring and impairment charges” in fiscal 2024 to reflect Star India at its fair value less costs to sell. The measurement of these impairment charges included non-cash cumulative foreign currency translation losses of approximately $
0.8
billion. In addition, in the first quarter of fiscal 2025, we anticipate we will recognize a non-cash tax charge of approximately $
0.3
billion in connection with the close of the transaction.
Assets and liabilities of Star India are classified as held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 28, 2024 as follows:
(1)
Total current assets and non-current assets held for sale are included in “Other current assets” and “Other assets,” respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Total current liabilities and non-current liabilities held for sale are included in “Deferred revenue and other” and “Other long-term liabilities” in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. These assets and liabilities are subject to change through closing.
92
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Goodwill
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows:
(1)
Current year reflects impairments related to entertainment linear networks and Star India (see Note 18). Prior year reflects impairments at entertainment and international sports linear networks (see Note 18).
5
Investments
Investments consist of the