prices for services offered by vMVPDs. On April 8, 2024, Fubo filed a motion for a preliminary injunction against Defendants to prevent the formation of the Sports Streaming JV. On April 29, 2024, Fubo filed an amended complaint to add allegations of a purported market for “skinny sports bundles”, which Fubo claims the Sports Streaming JV will monopolize after its launch. After a hearing on Fubo’s motion for preliminary injunction, the district court granted Fubo’s motion on August 16, 2024, and enjoined the launch of the joint venture. On August 19, 2024, Defendants filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit from the order for a preliminary injunction. The United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit has granted Defendants’ motion to expedite the appeal. Fubo further seeks injunctive relief, unspecified money damages and costs and fees. On September 26, 2024, the Company filed a motion to dismiss Fubo’s claims brought under Section 1 of the Sherman Act and New York antitrust law, unrelated to the joint venture. The district court has set trial on all claims for October 6, 2025. The Company intends to defend against the lawsuit vigorously and at this time we cannot reasonably estimate the amount of any possible loss.
In May 2024, the Company and NBCU entered into a confidential arbitration to resolve a dispute regarding the contractual appraisal process related to the determination of Hulu’s equity fair value, in which the parties seek declaratory relief, equitable relief and unspecified damages. See Note 2 for a more detailed discussion of the arbitration and the determination of Hulu’s equity fair value.
The Company, together with, in some instances, certain of its directors and officers, is a defendant in various other legal actions involving copyright, breach of contract and various other claims incident to the conduct of its businesses. Management does not believe that the Company has incurred a probable material loss by reason of any of those actions.
15
Leases
The Company’s operating leases primarily consist of real estate and equipment, including office space for general and administrative purposes, production facilities, land, cruise terminals, retail outlets and distribution centers for consumer products. The Company also has finance leases, primarily for broadcast equipment and land.
114
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Some of our leases include renewal and/or termination options. If it is reasonably certain that a renewal or termination option will be exercised, the exercise of the option is considered in calculating the term of the lease. As of September 28, 2024, our operating leases have a weighted-average remaining lease term of approximately
10
years, and our finance leases have a weighted-average remaining lease term of approximately
35
years. The weighted-average incremental borrowing rate is
4.0
% and
6.7
%, for our operating leases and finance leases, respectively. At September 28, 2024,