throughout the world in various forms of media, including: television; print; gaming; and consumer products.
Equity Investment
The Company has a 30% effective interest in Tata Play Limited, which operates a direct-to-home satellite distribution platform in India.
Content Production and Acquisition
Produced content primarily consists of original films and episodic programs and network news and daytime/late night programming. Licensed content includes acquired episodic programming rights, movies and specials. Original content is generally produced under the following banners: Disney Branded Television; FX Productions; Lucasfilm; Marvel; National Geographic Studios; Pixar; Searchlight Pictures; Twentieth Century Studios; 20th Television; and Walt Disney Pictures. Original content is also commissioned and produced by various third-party studios. Program development is carried out in collaboration with writers, producers and creative teams.
Costs to produce content are generally capitalized and allocated across Entertainment’s businesses based on the estimated relative value of the distribution windows.
Generally, the Company has full production and distribution rights to its IP. However, Sony Pictures Entertainment has the rights to produce and distribute Spider-Man films as a result of licensing these rights from Marvel prior to the Company’s acquisition of Marvel.
The Company has a significant library of content spanning approximately 100 years of production history as well as acquired libraries. The library of content includes approximately 5,200 live-action film titles, 450 animated film titles and episodic series (series with four or more seasons include approximately: 75 dramas; 55 comedies; 40 non-scripted series; 15 animated series; and 10 live-action series). In addition, the library includes approximately 130 series and 80 films that were produced for initial distribution on our DTC platforms.
In fiscal 2025, the Company plans to produce or commission approximately 215 episodic and film titles. The vast majority of our productions will initially be distributed on our Linear Networks and/or DTC platforms or theatrically. Programming is also produced for third parties, which typically have domestic linear distribution rights while the Company retains domestic video-on-demand and international distribution rights. We also license, acquire or produce local content for use in various countries/territories.
6
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Competition and Seasonality
Linear Networks and Direct-to-Consumer compete for viewers’ attention and audience share primarily with other television networks, independent television stations and other media, such as other DTC streaming services, social media and video games. With respect to the sale of advertising time, we compete with other television networks, independent television stations, MVPDs, other DTC streaming services and other advertising media such as digital content, newspapers, magazines, radio and