costs are classified based on their predominant monetization strategy as follows:
•
Individual - lifetime value is predominantly derived from third-party revenues that are directly attributable to the specific film or television title (e.g. theatrical revenues or sales to third-party television programmers)
•
Group - lifetime value is predominantly derived from third-party revenues that are attributable only to a bundle of titles (e.g. subscription revenue for a DTC service or affiliate fees for a cable television network)
Total capitalized produced and licensed content by predominant monetization strategy is as follows:
18
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited; tabular dollars in millions, except for per share data)
Amortization of produced and licensed content is as follows:
(1)
Primarily included in “Costs of services” in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations
19
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(unaudited; tabular dollars in millions, except for per share data)
8.
Income Taxes
Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
The Company records deferred income tax assets and liabilities with respect to temporary differences in accounting treatment of items for financial reporting purposes and income tax purposes.
The Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities by major category as of March 29, 2025 and September 28, 2024 were as follows:
(1)
Further details on our net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards are as follows:
(a)
Approximately $
2.0
billion of these carryforwards do not expire. Approximately $
1.1
billion expire between fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2035, primarily related to U.S. foreign tax credits.
(2)
Amounts are, in part, due to the tax status of these entities. In the third quarter of the current fiscal year, the Company expects to complete the acquisition of NBCU’s interest in Hulu. Concurrently, Hulu’s partnership tax status will terminate, and, as a result, the Company expects to recognize a non-cash tax benefit of approximately $
3.3
billion.
Valuation Allowance
The Company records deferred income tax assets and liabilities with respect to temporary differences in the accounting treatment of items for financial reporting purposes and for income tax purposes. Where, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some amount of recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is established for the amount that, in management’s judgment, is sufficient to reduce the deferred tax asset to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized.
Unrecognized Tax Benefits
The Company’s gross unrecognized tax benefits (before interest and penalties) decreased $
0.9
billion, from $
2.0
billion at September 28, 2024 to $
1.1
billion at March 29, 2025. In the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that our
20
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL