recognized in earnings for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were not material.
Risk Management – Other Derivatives Not Designated as Hedges
The Company enters into certain other risk management contracts that are not designated as hedges and do not qualify for hedge accounting. These contracts, which include certain total return swap contracts, are intended to offset economic exposures of the Company and are carried at market value with any changes in value recorded in earnings. The notional amount of these contracts at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were $
0.5
billion and $
0.4
billion, respectively. The related gains or losses recognized in earnings for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were not material.
Contingent Features and Cash Collateral
The Company has master netting arrangements by counterparty with respect to certain derivative financial instrument contracts. The Company may be required to post collateral in the event that a net liability position with a counterparty exceeds limits defined by contract and that vary with the Company’s credit rating. In addition, these contracts may require a counterparty to post collateral to the Company in the event that a net receivable position with a counterparty exceeds limits defined by contract and that vary with the counterparty’s credit rating. If the Company’s or the counterparty’s credit ratings were to fall below investment grade, such counterparties or the Company would also have the right to terminate our derivative contracts, which could lead to a net payment to or from the Company for the aggregate net value by counterparty of our derivative contracts. The aggregate fair values of derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features in a net liability position by counterparty were $
1.1
billion and $
1.6
billion at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively.
120
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
18
Restructuring and Impairment Charges
A summary of restructuring and impairment charges is as follows:
Star India
In fiscal 2024, we recorded non-cash impairment charges totaling $
1.5
billion related to the Star India Transaction.
Goodwill
In the second quarter of fiscal 2024, as a result of Star India assets and liabilities being classified as held for sale, they were removed from the entertainment goodwill reporting units along with a proportional amount of goodwill. As a result, we evaluated the residual goodwill at our entertainment DTC services and linear networks reporting units for impairment. Star sports was a standalone reporting unit which did not have any goodwill.
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test as part of our annual goodwill impairment assessment.
These evaluations resulted in non-cash goodwill impairment charges of $
0.7
billion and $
0.6
billion at our entertainment linear networks reporting unit in the second and fourth quarters of fiscal 2024, respectively. Goodwill was not impaired at the