policies, including the accounting policies discussed below, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Produced and Acquired/Licensed Content Costs
We amortize and test for impairment of capitalized film and television production costs based on whether the content is predominantly monetized individually or as a group. See Note 7 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.
Production costs that are classified as individual are amortized based upon the ratio of the current period’s revenues to the estimated remaining total revenues (Ultimate Revenues).
With respect to produced films intended for theatrical release, the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of Ultimate Revenues is theatrical performance. Revenues derived from other markets subsequent to the theatrical release are generally highly correlated with theatrical performance. Theatrical performance varies primarily based upon the public interest and demand for a particular film, the popularity of competing films at the time of release and the level of marketing effort. Upon a film’s release and determination of the theatrical performance, the Company’s estimates of revenues from succeeding windows and markets, which may include imputed license fees for content that is used on our DTC streaming services, are revised based on historical relationships and an analysis of current market trends.
With respect to capitalized television production costs that are classified as individual, the most sensitive factor affecting estimates of Ultimate Revenues is program ratings of the content on our licensees’ platforms. Program ratings, which are an indication of market acceptance, directly affect the program’s ability to generate advertising and subscriber revenues and are correlated with the license fees we can charge for the content in subsequent windows and for subsequent seasons.
Ultimate Revenues are reassessed each reporting period and the impact of any changes on amortization of production cost is accounted for as if the change occurred at the beginning of the current fiscal year. If our estimate of Ultimate Revenues decreases, amortization of costs may be accelerated or result in an impairment. Conversely, if our estimate of Ultimate Revenues increases, cost amortization may be slowed.
Production costs classified as individual are tested for impairment at the individual title level by comparing that title’s unamortized costs to the present value of discounted cash flows directly attributable to the title. To the extent the title’s unamortized costs exceed the present value of discounted cash flows, an impairment charge is recorded for the excess.
67
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS — (continued)
Produced content costs that are part of a group and acquired/licensed content costs are amortized based on projected usage, typically resulting in an accelerated