licensing agreements with MVPDs and/or affiliated television stations that are generally based on contractually specified rates on a per subscriber basis. The amounts that we can charge for our networks are largely dependent on the quality and quantity of programming that we can provide and the competitive market for programming services. The ability to sell advertising time and the rates received are primarily dependent on the size and nature of the audience that the network can deliver to the advertiser as well as overall advertiser demand.
Domestic Linear Networks
ABC Network
ABC Network programming is aired in the primetime, daytime, late night, news and sports “dayparts”. Primetime programming includes scripted series, reality programming and a variety of movies and specials. ESPN programs the sports daypart on ABC Network, which is branded ESPN on ABC. ABC Network distributes programming to approximately 245 local affiliated television stations and to our eight owned television stations, which collectively reach almost 100% of U.S. television households.
ABC Network produces a variety of unscripted series, primetime specials, news and daytime programming.
Disney Channels
Branded television channels include: Disney Channel; Disney Junior; and Disney XD (collectively Disney Channels). Disney Channels air programming 24 hours a day targeted to kids ages 2 to 14 and generally feature live-action comedy series, animated programming and preschool series as well as original movies and theatrical films.
Freeform
Freeform is a channel targeted to viewers ages 18 to 34 that airs original and licensed television series, films and holiday programming events.
FX Channels
Branded television channels include: FX; FXM; and FXX (collectively FX Channels), which air a mix of original and licensed television series and films.
National Geographic Channels
Branded television channels include: National Geographic; Nat Geo Wild; and Nat Geo Mundo (collectively National Geographic Channels). National Geographic Channels air programming in genres such as travel, adventure, wildlife, documentary, science and history.
3
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
The number of subscribers (in millions) for the significant domestic branded channels are as follows:
(1)
Based on Nielsen Media Research estimates as of September 2024. Estimates include traditional MVPD and the majority of digital OTT subscriber counts.
Domestic Television Stations
The Company owns eight television stations, six of which are located in the top ten television household markets in the U.S. Our television stations collectively reach approximately 20% of U.S. television households.
The stations we own are as follows:
(1)
Based on Nielsen Media Research, U.S. Television Household Estimates, January 1, 2024
International Linear Networks
International Linear Networks use content from the Company’s various studios, including library titles, as well as content acquired from third parties. The Company operates approximately