appropriate. Significant judgments and assumptions in the discounted cash flow model relate to future revenues and certain operating expenses, operating margins, terminal growth rates, and discount rates. Based on management’s projections, the carrying amounts of the entertainment linear networks reporting unit exceeded its fair value, and management recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of approximately $0.6 billion in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the annual goodwill impairment assessment of the entertainment linear networks and DTC services reporting units is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the entertainment linear networks and DTC services reporting units; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s significant assumptions related to future revenues and certain operating expenses, operating margins, terminal growth rates, and discount rates; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the Company’s entertainment linear networks and DTC services reporting units. These procedures also included, among others, for the entertainment linear networks and DTC services reporting units (i) testing management’s process for developing the fair value estimates; (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the discounted cash flow models; and (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to future revenues and certain operating expenses, operating margins, terminal growth rates, and discount rates. Evaluating management’s assumptions related to future revenues and certain operating expenses, operating margins, and terminal growth rates involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the entertainment linear networks and DTC services reporting units; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of the discount rate assumptions.
/s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Los Angeles, California
November 14, 2024
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1938.
70
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(in millions, except per share data)
(1)
Total