terms. These conditions tended to increase the cost of borrowing and if they recur, our cost of borrowing could increase and it may be more difficult to obtain financing for our operations or investments.
Elevated indebtedness or leverage ratios could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility.
Elevated indebtedness could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our financial flexibility and our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions and other uncontrollable events. Debt repayment obligations could also reduce funds available for investments, capital expenditures, share repurchases and dividends, and other activities and may create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels. Our leverage ratios increased as the result of COVID-19’s impact on financial performance, which caused certain of the credit ratings agencies to downgrade their assessment of our credit ratings. Downgrades to our credit ratings may negatively impact our cost of borrowings and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing on acceptable terms.
Labor disputes disrupt our operations and adversely affect the profitability of our businesses.
A significant number of employees in various parts of our businesses, including employees of our theme parks, and writers, directors, actors and production personnel for our productions are covered by collective bargaining agreements. In addition, some of our employees outside the U.S. are represented by works councils, trade unions or other employee associations. Further, some employees of licensees who manufacture and retailers who sell our licensed consumer products, and employees of providers of programming content (such as sports leagues) are covered by labor agreements with their employers. From time to time, collective bargaining agreements and other labor agreements expire, requiring renegotiation of their terms. In general, labor disputes and work stoppages involving our employees; persons employed on our productions; athletes or others employed by, or otherwise connected with, sports leagues or organizers; or the employees of our licensees or retailers who sell our licensed consumer products or providers of programming content may disrupt or lead to closure of certain operations and reduce our revenues and the profitability of our businesses. For example, in fiscal 2023, members of the Writers Guild of America (WGA) commenced a work stoppage, which lasted for almost five months, and members of SAG-AFTRA, the union representing television and movie actors, also commenced a work stoppage, which lasted for almost four months. These work stoppages affected our productions and the pipeline for programming and theatrical releases, which resulted in reduced revenue for the impacted businesses. The new collective bargaining agreements with these and another entertainment guild and recently with certain labor unions at our domestic