265 general entertainment and family channels outside the U.S. in approximately 40 languages and 175 countries/territories.
General Entertainment
General Entertainment channels include FX, National Geographic and Star branded channels, which air a variety of scripted, reality and documentary programming. As of September 2024, the estimated number of unique subscribers for our general entertainment channels, based on internal management reports, was approximately 240 million.
Family
Family channels include Disney Channel and Disney Junior, which air a variety of animated and live action original series and movies targeted to kids ages 2 to 14. As of September 2024, the estimated number of unique subscribers for our family channels, based on internal management reports, was approximately 200 million.
Equity Investments
The most significant equity investment at Linear Networks is A+E. The Company’s share of A+E’s financial results are reported as “Equity in the income of investees” in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income.
A+E is owned 50% by the Company and 50% by Hearst. A+E operates a variety of cable channels, including:
•
A&E – which offers entertainment programming including original reality and documentary programming
•
HISTORY – which offers original unscripted series and event-driven specials
•
Lifetime  – which offers programming targeted to women
The number of domestic subscribers, based on Nielsen Media Research estimates as of September 2024, are 58 million for each of A&E, HISTORY and Lifetime and include traditional MVPD and the majority of digital OTT subscriber counts. A+E programming is available in approximately 200 countries and territories.
4
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Direct-to-Consumer
Disney+, Disney+ Hotstar and Hulu are subscription services that provide video streaming of the Company’s general entertainment and family programming and similar programming from third parties. Outside the U.S., Disney+ and Disney+ Hotstar also include international sports programming. The services are offered individually or in various bundles, which may include ESPN+ (see Sports segment discussion), to customers directly or through third-party distributors on mobile and internet connected devices. The majority of Direct-to-Consumer revenue is derived from subscription fees and advertising.
Disney+ and Disney+ Hotstar
Disney+ is a subscription-based DTC service with Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars and National Geographic branded programming, which are all top-level selections or “tiles” within the Disney+ interface. In the U.S., subscribers to both Disney+ and Hulu may access certain Hulu programming through a tile on Disney+. Outside the U.S., Disney+ includes a Star branded tile, which features general entertainment programming. In Latin America, Disney+ includes an ESPN branded tile, which features a variety of sports content including live events. The Company plans to launch an ESPN branded tile on Disney+ in the U.S. in early fiscal