2025.
In certain Latin American countries prior to July 2024, we offered Disney+ as well as Star+, a standalone service with a variety of general entertainment and family content and live sports programming. At the end of June 2024, we merged these services into a single Disney+ product offering.
As of September 28, 2024, the estimated number of paid Disney+ subscribers, based on internal management reports, was approximately 123 million.
Disney+ Hotstar is a subscription-based DTC service available in India, Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand. Programming includes television shows, movies, sports and original series in approximately 10 languages, in addition to gaming and social features. Disney+ Hotstar has exclusive streaming rights to certain cricket programming.
As of September 28, 2024, the estimated number of paid Disney+ Hotstar subscribers, based on internal management reports, was approximately 36 million.
Disney+ and Disney+ Hotstar offer content from the Company’s various studios, including library titles, as well as content acquired from third parties.
The majority of Disney+ and Disney+ Hotstar revenue is derived from subscription fees and, to a lesser extent, advertising. The Company offers an ad-supported Disney+ service in the U.S., Canada and select Latin American and European markets.
Hulu
Hulu is a domestic subscription-based DTC service with general entertainment content from the Company’s various studios as well as content licensed from third parties. Hulu’s revenue is derived from subscription fees and advertising. Hulu offers subscription video-on-demand (SVOD) services with or without advertising in addition to a digital OTT MVPD (Live TV) service. The Live TV service is available with either of Hulu’s SVOD services and includes live linear streams of various cable and broadcast networks. In addition, Hulu offers subscriptions to premium services such as Max, Cinemax, Starz and Paramount+ with Showtime, which can be added to the Hulu service. Certain programming from ABC Network, Freeform and FX Channels is also available on the Hulu SVOD service one day after the linear airing on these channels. As of September 28, 2024, the estimated number of paid Hulu subscribers, based on internal management reports, was approximately 52 million.
Content Sales/Licensing and Other
The majority of Content Sales/Licensing revenue is derived from TV/VOD, theatrical and home entertainment distribution. In addition, revenue is generated from music distribution, stage plays and post-production services through Industrial Light & Magic and Skywalker Sound.
The Company also publishes National Geographic magazine, which is reported with Content Sales/Licensing.
TV/VOD Distribution
We license our content to third-party television networks, television stations and other video service providers for distribution to viewers on television or a variety of internet-connected devices, including through other DTC services.
Theatrical Distribution
The