monitoring, vulnerability scans and patch management processes. Regular assessments, such as penetration tests, security audits and table-top exercises, are conducted to identify vulnerabilities and promote incident response and risk mitigation. We also provide privacy and information security trainings for our employees on a recurring basis. From time to time, we engage assessors, consultants and other third parties to assist with assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risks, including assisting us to conduct some of the foregoing assessments. Our cybersecurity risk management processes also are informed by intelligence received from recognized cybersecurity industry experts and other third-party sources, and as appropriate we engage outside counsel to advise on regulatory compliance and other cybersecurity risk management efforts.
In addition, we have processes designed to oversee and identify cybersecurity risks associated with our use of third-party service providers. Where appropriate based on the data and intellectual property to which these providers are reasonably expected to have access, we conduct security assessments and due diligence reviews of third-party systems for compliance with our security standards, and we include data protection language in our agreements with these third parties.
Further, as part of our cybersecurity risk management processes, we maintain an incident response plan (IRP) that establishes a set of procedures for reporting and handling cybersecurity events. The IRP delegates to an internal incident response team the initial assessment, investigation and remediation of the event and includes, among other procedures, guidelines for escalation to senior management and engagement with law enforcement. In certain instances, events are escalated to the Cybersecurity Incident Disclosure Subcommittee, which is a subcommittee of the Company’s Risk Management Committee (RMC) (discussed further below) and is responsible for, among other things, the accurate and timely disclosure of
27
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
material cybersecurity incidents under the federal securities laws, including making the materiality determination and approving related securities disclosures.
As discussed in further detail in Item 1A – Risk Factors, the Company faces an increasingly challenging cybersecurity environment, and from time to time the persistent efforts of bad actors to gain unauthorized access to our and our service providers’ information systems and our confidential and proprietary information are successful. In fiscal 2024, we did not identify any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. However, despite our efforts, we cannot eliminate all risks from cybersecurity threats or provide assurances that we have not experienced undetected cybersecurity incidents or will not discover additional information