position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. Eaton evaluates and adjusts these accruals based on changing facts and circumstances. Eaton recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized income tax benefits in the provision for income tax expense. Eaton's policy is to recognize income tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income when individual units of account are sold, terminated, or extinguished. For additional information about income taxes, see Note 12.
32
Table of Contents
Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
Eaton uses derivative financial instruments to manage the exposure to the volatility in raw material costs, currency, and interest rates on certain debt. These instruments are marked to fair value in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the fair value of derivative assets or liabilities (i.e., gains or losses) are recognized depending upon the type of hedging relationship and whether an instrument has been designated as a hedge. For those instruments that qualify for hedge accounting, Eaton designates the hedging instrument, based upon the exposure being hedged, as a cash flow hedge, a fair value hedge, or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation. Changes in fair value of these instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting are recognized immediately in net income. See Note 16 for additional information about hedges and derivative financial instruments.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASU 2023-09). This accounting standard requires disaggregated income tax disclosures on an annual basis, including information on the Company’s effective income tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. ASU 2023-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2024, and may be applied prospectively or retrospectively. The Company is evaluating the impact of ASU 2023-09 and expects the standard will only impact its income taxes disclosures with no material impact to the consolidated financial statements.
In November 2024, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2024-03, Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income – Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses (ASU 2024-03). This accounting standard requires disaggregated income statement expense disclosures on an annual and interim basis, including inventory purchases, employee compensation, depreciation, and intangible asset amortization for each income statement line item that contains these expenses. The standard also requires disclosure of total selling expenses on an annual and interim basis, and the definition of those expenses disclosed annually. ASU 2024-03 is effective for annual