expense for each of the next five years, is as follows:
40
Table of Contents
Note 7.
SUPPLY CHAIN FINANCE PROGRAM
The Company negotiates payment terms directly with its suppliers for the purchase of goods and services. In addition, a third-party financial institution offers a voluntary supply chain finance (SCF) program that enables certain of the Company’s suppliers, at the supplier’s sole discretion, to sell receivables due from the Company to the financial institution on terms directly negotiated with the financial institution. If a supplier elects to participate in the SCF program, the supplier decides which invoices are sold to the financial institution and the Company has no economic interest in a supplier’s decision to sell an invoice. Payments by the Company to participating suppliers are paid to the financial institution on the invoice due date, regardless of whether an individual invoice is sold by the supplier to the financial institution. The amounts due to the financial institution for suppliers that participate in the SCF program are included in
Accounts payable
on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the associated payments are included in operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
The changes in SCF obligations are as follows:
Note 8.
LEASES
Eaton leases certain manufacturing facilities, warehouses, distribution centers, office space, vehicles, and equipment. Most real estate leases contain renewal options. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company's sole discretion. The Company's lease agreements typically do not contain any significant guarantees of asset values at the end of a lease or restrictive covenants. Payments within certain lease agreements are adjusted periodically for changes in an index or rate.
The components of lease expense are as follows:
During 2024, 2023 and 2022, Eaton entered into sale leaseback transactions primarily for certain non-production facilities and recorded gains of $
56
million, $
53
million and $
81
million, respectively, in Other income - net. The terms of the new operating leases ranged from
5
to
20
years.
41
Table of Contents
Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows:
Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases is as follows:
42
Table of Contents
Maturities of lease liabilities at December 31, 2024 are as follows:
43
Table of Contents
Note 9.
DEBT
A summary of long-term debt, including the current portion, is as follows:
Substantially all these long-term debt instruments are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsubordinated, unsecured basis by Eaton and certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries (the Senior Notes). Further, as of December 31, 2024, all of these long-term debt instruments, except the
0.70
% Euro notes due 2025, the
0.128
% Euro notes due 2026, the
0.577
% Euro notes due 2030, the
3.601
% Euro notes due 2031, and the
3.802
% Euro notes due 2036 are registered by Eaton Corporation under the