compensation, pension and other benefits. The total compensation of our median employee on October 1, 2023, as reported in our 2024 Proxy Statement filed on March 15, 2024, and as calculated in accordance with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, was $50,683.
Safety
Throughout our operations, our goal is to have no safety incidents and we continue to make progress towards that goal. Our 2023 Total Recordable Case Rate (TRCR) was 0.43 and our Days Away Case Rate (DACR) was 0.20. We have improved our TRCR 38% since 2018 and consider our 2030 target of 0.25 to be a world-leading safety rating. Our 2024 TRCR will be provided in our annual Sustainability Report to be issued in 2025.
Achieving work-life balance
Achieving work-life balance is a common concern of today's employees. Flexible work solutions and inclusive programs will help us remain competitive in attracting and retaining the best talent and make it possible for employees in varied situations to be able to remain at Eaton. Flexible solutions include compressed work weeks, remote working, job sharing, part-time work, flextime, and telework.
Engagement
Fully engaged employees are more productive, innovative, and satisfied in their work. Examples of how we engage our employees include enterprise-wide town halls, hosting informal listening meetings and surveying groups of employees on specific subjects. In addition, we have programs focused on career development of employees at all levels and we are committed to a wide range of strategies designed to improve and sustain employee engagement over the long-term. Our most recent engagement survey of all employees was completed in 2023. Of those who responded to the survey, 84% had favorable engagement indicating they were proud to work at Eaton, felt personal accomplishment from their work, and would recommend Eaton as a place to work. We will perform another survey of all employees in 2025.
4
Table of Contents
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
Among the risks that could materially adversely affect Eaton's businesses, financial condition or results of operations are the following:
Operational Risks
If Eaton is unable to protect its information technology infrastructure against service interruptions, data corruption, cyberbased attacks or network security breaches, product or service offerings could be compromised or operations could be disrupted or data confidentiality impaired.
Eaton relies on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection. Some of this information may be stored in the cloud or on networks not managed by Eaton. Additionally, many of our products and services include, and we utilize and rely on third-party service-providers whose products include integrated software and information technology that collects data or connects