additional information about business segments.
20
Table of Contents
Note 14.
BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION
Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated on a regular basis by the chief operating decision maker, or decision making group, in deciding how to allocate resources to an individual segment and in assessing performance. The Company's chief operating decision maker is the chairman and chief executive officer. Eaton's operating segments are Electrical Americas, Electrical Global, Aerospace, Vehicle, and eMobility. Operating profit (loss) includes the operating profit from intersegment sales. For additional information regarding Eaton's business segments, see Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements contained in the 2024 Form 10-K.
The chief operating decision maker uses segment operating profit (loss) as an input to assess segment performance and determine appropriate resource allocations, including capital, financial, and employee resources. Segment operating profit (loss) results are regularly evaluated versus annual profit plan, forecast and/or prior year.
Other segment items are primarily comprised of Cost of products sold, Selling and administrative expense, Research and development expense, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, and certain items included in Other income – net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company's chief operating decision maker manages these items on a consolidated basis.
21
Table of Contents
Business Segment Information
22
Table of Contents
23
Table of Contents
ITEM 2.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
Amounts are in millions of dollars or shares unless indicated otherwise (per share data assume dilution). Columns and rows may not add and the sum of components may not equal total amounts reported due to rounding.
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Eaton Corporation plc (Eaton or the Company) is an intelligent power management company dedicated to protecting the environment and improving the quality of life for people everywhere. We make products for the data center, utility, industrial, commercial, machine building, residential, aerospace and mobility markets. We are capitalizing on the megatrends of the energy transition, electrification, and digitalization. The reindustrialization of and growth of megaprojects in North America and increased global infrastructure spending focused on clean energy programs are expanding our end markets and positioning Eaton for growth for years to come. We are strengthening our participation across the entire electrical power value chain and benefiting from momentum in the data center and utility end markets as well as a growth cycle in the commercial aerospace and defense markets. We are guided by our commitment to operate sustainably and with the highest ethical standards. Our work is accelerating the planet’s transition to