in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Foreign currency denominated debt designated as non-derivative net investment hedging instruments had a carrying value on an after-tax basis of $
3,229
million at March 31, 2025 and $
3,105
million at December 31, 2024.
As of March 31, 2025, the volume of outstanding commodity contracts that were entered into to hedge forecasted transactions:
16
Table of Contents
The following amounts were recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps:
1
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, these amounts include the cumulative liability amount of fair value hedging adjustments remaining for which the hedge accounting has been discontinued of $
35
million and $
37
million, respectively.
The impact of hedging activities to the Consolidated Statements of Income is as follows:
17
Table of Contents
The impact of derivatives not designated as hedges to the Consolidated Statements of Income is as follows:
The impact of derivative and non-derivative instruments designated as hedges to the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income is as follows:
18
Table of Contents
The pre-tax gain (loss) on derivative financial instruments designated as net investment hedges included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss is as follows:
At March 31, 2025, a gain of $
11
million of estimated unrealized net gains or losses associated with our cash flow hedges were expected to be reclassified to income from Accumulated other comprehensive loss within the next twelve months. These reclassifications relate to our designated foreign currency and commodity hedges that will mature in the next twelve months.
19
Table of Contents
Note 13.
RESTRUCTURING CHARGES
During the first quarter of 2024, Eaton implemented a multi-year restructuring program to accelerate opportunities to optimize its operations and global support structure. These actions will better align the Company's functions to support anticipated growth and drive greater effectiveness throughout the Company. Since the inception of the program, the Company has incurred charges of $
220
million. This restructuring program is expected to be completed in 2026 and is expected to incur additional expenses related to workforce reductions of $
171
million and plant closing and other costs of $
84
million, resulting in total estimated charges of $
475
million for the entire program.
A summary of restructuring program charges is as follows:
Restructuring program charges related to the following segments:
A summary of liabilities related to workforce reductions, plant closing, and other associated costs is as follows:
These restructuring program charges were included in
Cost of products sold, Selling and administrative expense, Research and development expense, or Other income - net
, as appropriate. In Business Segment Information, these restructuring program charges are treated as Corporate items. See Note 14 for