directors, employees and the Company itself. The Policy mandates compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, as well as the NYSE listing standards, and contains procedures that are designed to facilitate and promote the same. The Policy, attached hereto as
Exhibit 19
, is incorporated herein by reference.
There were no changes during the fourth quarter 2024 to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Company's Board of Directors.
Information related to the Audit Committee, and members of the Committee who are financial experts, is set forth under the caption “Board Committees - Audit Committee” in the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed on or about March 14, 2025, and is incorporated by reference.
Item 11. Executive Compensation.
Information required with respect to executive compensation is set forth under the caption “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed on or about March 14, 2025, and is incorporated by reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
Information required with respect to securities authorized for issuance under equity-based compensation plans is set forth under the caption “Equity Compensation Plans” in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed on or about March 14, 2025, and is incorporated by reference.
Information required with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners, is set forth under the caption “Share Ownership Tables” in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed on or about March 14, 2025, and is incorporated by reference.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
Information required with respect to certain relationships and related transactions, as well as director independence, is set forth under the caption “Director Independence” in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed on or about March 14, 2025, and is incorporated by reference.
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.
Information required with respect to principal accountant fees and services is set forth under the caption “Audit Committee Report” in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed on or about March 14, 2025, and is incorporated by reference.
13
Table of Contents
Part IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
(a)    (1) The reports of the independent registered public accounting firm, consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements are included in Item 8 above:
Reports of Ernst & Young LLP Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID:
42
)
Consolidated Statements of Income - Years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2024 and 2023
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows -