required to determine whether performance obligations specified in these agreements are distinct and should be accounted for as separate revenue transactions for recognition purposes. In these types of agreements, we generally allocate sales price to each distinct obligation based on the price of each item sold in separate transactions.
Due to the nature of the work required to be performed for obligations recognized over time, Eaton estimates total costs by contract. The estimate of total costs are subject to judgment. Estimated amounts are included in the recognized sales price to the extent it is not probable that a significant reversal of cumulative sales will occur. Additionally, contracts can be modified to account for changes in contract specifications, requirements or sale price. The effect of a contract modification on the sales price or adjustments to the measure of completion under the input method are recognized as adjustments to revenue on a cumulative catch-up basis.
Payment terms vary by the type and location of the customer and the products or services offered. Generally, the time between when revenue is recognized and when payment is due is not significant. Eaton does not evaluate whether the selling price includes a financing interest component for contracts that are less than a year. Sales, value added, and other taxes collected concurrent with revenue are excluded from Net sales. Shipping and handling costs are treated as fulfillment costs and are included in Cost of products sold.
Eaton records reductions to sales for returns, and customer and distributor incentives, primarily comprised of rebates, at the time of the initial sale. Rebates are estimated based on sales terms, historical experience, trend analysis, and projected market conditions in the various markets served. The rebate programs offered vary across businesses due to the numerous markets Eaton serves, but the most common incentives relate to amounts paid or credited to customers for achieving defined volume levels. Accrued rebates of $
361
million and $
402
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are generally paid annually and are included in Other current liabilities. Returns are estimated at the time of the sale primarily based on historical experience and are recorded gross on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Sales commissions are expensed when the amortization period is less than a year and are generally not capitalized as they are typically earned at the completion of the contract when the customer is invoiced or when the customer pays Eaton.
Sales of products and services varies by segment and are discussed in Note 19.
In the Electrical Americas segment, sales contracts are primarily for electrical components, industrial components, power distribution and assemblies, residential products, single phase power quality and connectivity, three phase power quality, wiring devices, circuit protection, utility power distribution, power reliability