estimate based on historical experience); the expected dividend yield; and the risk-free interest rate (an estimate based on the yield of United States Treasury zero coupon with a maturity equal to the expected life of the option).
A summary of the assumptions used in determining the fair value of stock options is as follows:
A summary of stock option activity is as follows:
The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total excess of the $
331.87
closing price of Eaton ordinary shares on the last trading day of 2024 over the exercise price of the stock option, multiplied by the related number of options outstanding and exercisable. The aggregate intrinsic value is not recognized for financial accounting purposes and the value changes based on the daily changes in the fair market value of the Company's ordinary shares.
Information related to stock options is as follows:
As of December 31, 2024, total compensation expense not yet recognized related to non-vested stock options was $
14
million, and the weighted-average period in which the expense is expected to be recognized is
1.9
years
.
64
Table of Contents
Note 15.
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Fair value is measured based on an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to satisfy a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, a fair value hierarchy is established, which categorizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: (Level 1) observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; (Level 2) inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and (Level 3) unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions.
A summary of financial instruments and contingent consideration recognized at fair value, and the fair value measurements used, is as follows:
Eaton values its financial instruments using an industry standard market approach, in which prices and other relevant information is generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities.
On March 22, 2021, Eaton acquired Green Motion SA, a leading designer and manufacturer of electric vehicle charging hardware and related software based in Switzerland. Green Motion SA was acquired for $
106
million, including $
49
million of cash paid at closing and an initial estimate of $
57
million for the fair value of contingent future consideration based on 2023 and 2024 revenue performance. The fair value of contingent consideration liabilities is estimated by discounting contingent payments expected to be made, and may increase or decrease based on changes in revenue estimates and discount rates, with