Procedures - Pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-15, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of Eaton's management, including Craig Arnold - Principal Executive Officer; and Olivier Leonetti - Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, Eaton's management concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2024.
Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company's reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company's reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company's Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations adopted pursuant thereto, Eaton has included a report of management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which is included in Item 15 of this Form 10-K.
“Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” relating to internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 is included in Item 15 of this Form 10-K.
During the fourth quarter of 2024, there was no change in Eaton's internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B. Other Information.
During the three months ended December 31, 2024, no director or officer of the Company
adopted
, amended or
terminated
a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.
Not Applicable.
12
Table of Contents
Part III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
Information required with respect to the directors of the Company is set forth under the caption “Election of Directors” in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed on or about March 14, 2025, and is incorporated by reference.
The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics, which applies to the directors, officers and employees worldwide. This document is available on the Company's website at https://www.eaton.com/us/en-us/company/ethics-compliance/policies/code-of-ethics.html.
The Company has adopted and maintained a long standing
insider trading policy
(the Policy) governing the purchase and disposition of its securities by