decision maker. The standard does not change how operating segments and reportable segments are determined. The adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
30
Table of Contents
Goodwill and Indefinite Life Intangible Assets
Goodwill is evaluated annually for impairment as of July 1 using either a quantitative or qualitative analysis. Additionally, goodwill is evaluated for impairment whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, and is based on the net assets for each reporting unit, including goodwill and intangible assets. The Company’s reporting units are equivalent to the reportable operating segments, except for the Aerospace segment which has
two
reporting units. Goodwill is assigned to each reporting unit, as this represents the lowest level that constitutes a business and is the level at which management regularly reviews the operating results. The Company performs a quantitative analysis using a discounted cash flow model and other valuation techniques, but may elect to perform a qualitative analysis.
The annual goodwill impairment test was performed using a quantitative analysis in 2024, except for the Vehicle and eMobility reporting units which used a qualitative analysis in 2024. The annual goodwill impairment test was performed using a qualitative analysis in 2023, except for the Vehicle reporting unit which used a quantitative analysis in 2023. A qualitative analysis is performed by assessing certain trends and factors, including projected market outlook and growth rates, forecasted and actual sales and operating profit margins, discount rates, industry data, and other relevant qualitative factors. These trends and factors are compared to, and based on, the assumptions used in the most recent quantitative analysis performed for each reporting unit. The results of the qualitative analyses did not indicate a need to perform quantitative analysis.
Quantitative analyses were performed by estimating the fair value of the reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model. The model includes estimates of future cash flows, future growth rates, terminal value amounts, and the applicable weighted-average cost of capital used to discount those estimated cash flows. The future cash flows were based on the Company's long-term operating plan and a terminal value was used to estimate the reporting unit's cash flows beyond the period covered by the operating plan. The weighted-average cost of capital is an estimate of the overall after-tax rate of return required by equity and debt market holders of a business enterprise. These analyses require the exercise of judgments, including judgments about appropriate discount rates, perpetual growth rates, revenue growth, and margin assumptions. Sensitivity