reporting period. Unbilled receivables were $
392
million and $
330
million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, and are recorded in Prepaid expenses and other current assets. The increase in unbilled receivables reflects higher revenue recognized and not yet billed from increased business activity in 2025.
8
Table of Contents
Changes in the deferred revenue liabilities are as follows:
Deferred revenue liabilities of $
647
million and $
602
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, were included in Other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with the remaining balance presented in Other noncurrent liabilities.
A significant portion of open orders placed with Eaton are by original equipment manufacturers or distributors. These open orders are not considered firm as they have been historically subject to releases by customers. In measuring backlog of unsatisfied or partially satisfied obligations, only the amount of orders to which customers are firmly committed are included. Using this criterion, total backlog at March 31, 2025 was approximately $
16.0
billion. At March 31, 2025, approximately
74
% of this backlog is targeted for delivery to customers in the next
twelve months
and the rest thereafter.
Note 4.
CREDIT LOSSES FOR RECEIVABLES
Receivables are exposed to credit risk based on the customers’ ability to pay which is influenced by, among other factors, their financial liquidity position. Eaton’s receivables are generally short-term in nature with a majority outstanding less than 90 days.
Eaton performs ongoing credit evaluation of its customers and maintains sufficient allowances for potential credit losses. The Company evaluates the collectability of its receivables based on the length of time the receivable is past due, and any anticipated future write-off based on historic experience adjusted for market conditions. The Company's segments, supported by our global credit department, perform the credit evaluation and monitoring process to estimate and manage credit risk. The process includes an evaluation of credit losses for both the overall segment receivable and specific customer balances. The process also includes review of customer financial information and credit ratings, approval and monitoring of customer credit limits, and an assessment of market conditions. The Company may also require prepayment from customers to mitigate credit risk. Receivable balances are written off against an allowance for credit losses after a final determination of collectability has been made.
Accounts receivable are net of an allowance for credit losses of $
52
million and $
55
million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The change in the allowance for credit losses includes expense and net write-offs, none of which are significant.
Note 5.
INVENTORY
Inventory is carried at lower of cost or net realizable value.
The components of inventory are as follows:
9
Table of Contents