verifies the results of trustees or custodians and evaluates the pricing classification of these securities by performing analyses using other third-party sources.
United States treasuries -
Valued at the closing price of each security.
Real estate -
Consists of direct investments in the stock of publicly traded companies and investments in pooled funds that invest directly in real estate. The publicly traded companies are valued based on the closing price reported in an active market on which the individual securities are traded and as such are classified as Level 1. The pooled funds rely on appraisal-based valuations and as such are classified as Level 3.
Cash equivalents -
Primarily certificates of deposit, commercial paper, and repurchase agreements.
Exchange traded funds -
Valued at the closing price of the exchange traded fund's shares.
Money market funds
-
Money market funds measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy and are being presented in the tables above to permit a reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the total plan assets.
52
Table of Contents
Other -
These assets consist of private equity, private debt, insurance contracts primarily for international plans, futures contracts, and over-the-counter options. Investments in private equity and private debt are valued at net asset value or estimated fair value based on quarterly financial information received from the investment advisor, third party appraisal or general partner. These estimates incorporate factors such as contributions and distributions, market transactions, market comparables and performance multiples. Futures contracts and options are valued based on the closing prices of contracts or indices as available using third-party sources.
For additional information regarding fair value measurements, see Note 15.
Defined Contribution Plans
The Company has various defined contribution benefit plans, primarily consisting of the plans in the United States.
The total contributions related to these plans are charged to expense and are as follows:
53
Table of Contents
Note 11.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Legal Contingencies
Eaton is subject to a broad range of claims, administrative and legal proceedings such as lawsuits that relate to contractual allegations and indemnity claims, tax audits, patent infringement, personal injuries, antitrust matters, and employment-related matters. Eaton is also subject to legal claims from historic products which may have contained asbestos. Insurance may cover some of the costs associated with these claims and proceedings. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome or cost of these matters, the Company believes they will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements.
Environmental Contingencies
Eaton has established policies to ensure that its operations are conducted in keeping with good