systems and critical components that reduce emissions and improve fuel economy, stability, performance, and safety of cars, light trucks, and commercial vehicles. These sales contracts are primarily based on a customer’s purchase order or a blanket purchase order subject to firm releases, frequently covered by terms and conditions included in a master supply agreement. In this segment, performance obligations are generally satisfied at a point in time either when we ship the product from our facility, or when it arrives at the customer’s facility.
In the eMobility segment, sales contracts are primarily for mechanical, electrical, and electronic components and systems that improve the power management and performance of both on-road and off-road vehicles. These sales contracts are primarily based on a customer’s purchase order. In this segment, performance obligations are generally satisfied at a point in time either when we ship the product from our facility, or when it arrives at the customer’s facility.
In limited circumstances, primarily in the Electrical and Vehicle segments, Eaton sells separately-priced warranties that extend the warranty coverage beyond the standard coverage offered on specific products. Sales for these separately-priced warranties are recorded based on their stand-alone selling price and are recognized as revenue over the length of the warranty period.
37
Table of Contents
The following table provides disaggregated sales by lines of businesses, geographic destination, market channel or end market, as applicable, for the Company's operating segments:
The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed accounts receivable, unbilled receivables (revenue recognized exceeds amount billed to the customer), and deferred revenue (advance payments and billings in excess of revenue recognized). Accounts receivable from customers were $
4,079
million and $
3,966
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amounts are billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms, either at periodic intervals or upon achievement of contractual milestones. These assets and liabilities are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. Unbilled receivables were $
330
million and $
289
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are recorded in Prepaid expenses and other current assets. The increase in unbilled receivables reflects higher revenue recognized and not yet billed from increased business activity in 2024.
Changes in the deferred revenue liabilities are as follows:
38
Table of Contents
Deferred revenue liabilities of $
602
million and $
610
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, were included in Other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with the remaining balance presented in Other noncurrent liabilities.
A significant portion of open orders placed with Eaton