for 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
62
Table of Contents
Performance Share Units
Performance share units (PSUs) have been issued to certain employees that vest based on the satisfaction of a
three-year
service period and total shareholder return relative to that of a group of peers. Awards earned at the end of the
three-year
vesting period range from
0
% to
200
% of the targeted number of PSUs granted based on the ranking of total shareholder return of the Company, assuming reinvestment of all dividends, relative to a defined peer group of companies. Equity-based compensation expense for these PSUs is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award. Upon vesting, dividends that have accumulated during the vesting period are paid on earned awards.
The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation to estimate the fair value of PSUs with market conditions. The principal assumptions utilized in valuing these PSUs include the expected stock price volatility (based on the most recent 3-year period as of the grant date) and the risk-free interest rate (an estimate based on the yield of United States Treasury zero coupon bonds with a three-year maturity as of the grant date).
A summary of the assumptions used in determining fair value of these PSUs is as follows:
A summary of these PSUs that vested is as follows:
A summary of the 2024 activity for these PSUs is as follows:
1
Performance shares granted assuming the Company will perform at target relative to peers.
2
Adjustments for the number of shares vested under the 2022
awards at the end of the three-year performance period ended December 31, 2024, being higher than the target number of shares.
Information related to PSUs is as follows:
As of December 31, 2024, total compensation expense not yet recognized related to non-vested PSUs was $
36
million and the weighted-average period in which the expense is to be recognized is
1.7
years. Excess tax benefit for PSUs totaled $
11
million, $
7
million, and $
10
million for 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
63
Table of Contents
Stock Options
Under various plans, stock options have been granted to certain employees and directors to purchase ordinary shares at prices equal to fair market value on the date of grant. Substantially all of these options vest ratably during the
three-year
period following the date of grant and expire
10
years from the date of grant. Compensation expense is recognized for stock options based on the fair value of the options at the date of grant and amortized on a straight-line basis over the period the employee or director is required to provide service.
The Company uses a Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock options. The principal assumptions utilized in valuing stock options include the expected stock price volatility (based on the most recent historical period equal to the expected life of the option); the expected option life (an