three-year period including the current and prior two years, management then considers a series of factors in the determination of whether the deferred income tax assets can be realized. These factors include historical operating results, known or planned operating developments, the period of time over which certain temporary differences will reverse, consideration of the utilization of certain deferred income tax liabilities, carryback capability under the tax law in a particular country, prudent and feasible tax planning strategies, changes in tax laws, and estimates of future earnings and taxable income using the same assumptions as those used for the Company’s goodwill and other impairment testing. After evaluation of these factors, if the deferred income tax assets are expected to be realized within the tax carryforward period allowed for that specific country, management would conclude that no valuation allowance would be required. To the extent that the deferred income tax assets exceed the amount that is expected to be realized within the tax carryforward period for a particular jurisdiction, management would establish a valuation allowance. For additional information about income taxes see Note 12.
Unrecognized Income Tax Benefits
Eaton recognizes an income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the benefit would be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The Company evaluates and adjusts the amount of unrecognized income tax benefits based on changes in law, facts and circumstances. Eaton also estimates, where reasonably possible, the increase or decrease in the amount of unrecognized income tax benefits in the next 12 months.
The evaluation and determination of the amount of unrecognized income tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions is complex and involves both the exercise of judgement and the utilization of certain estimates and assumptions. Each tax position carries unique facts and circumstances that must be evaluated in light of current tax laws, regulations, and judicial decisions. Additionally, the ultimate resolution of the majority of Eaton’s unrecognized income tax benefits is dependent upon uncontrollable factors such as the timing of finalizing resolutions of audit disputes through reaching settlement agreements or concluding litigation, or changes in law.
93
Table of Contents
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Plans
The measurement of liabilities related to pension plans and other postretirement benefits plans is based on assumptions related to future events including interest rates, return on plan assets, rate of compensation increases, and health care cost trend rates. Actual plan asset performance will either reduce or increase losses included in accumulated other comprehensive loss, which ultimately affects net income.
The discount rate for United States plans was determined by discounting the expected