unrecognized income tax benefits were recognized, the net impact on the provision for income tax expense would be $
936
million.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, Eaton had accrued approximately $
225
million and $
188
million, respectively, for the payment of worldwide interest and penalties, which are not included in the table of unrecognized income tax benefits above. Eaton recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized income tax benefits in the provision for income tax expense.
The resolution of the majority of Eaton's unrecognized income tax benefits is dependent upon uncontrollable factors such as the timing of finalizing resolutions of audit disputes through reaching settlement agreements or concluding litigation, or changes in law. Therefore, for the majority of Eaton’s unrecognized income tax benefits, it is not reasonably possible to estimate the increase or decrease in the next 12 months. For each of the unrecognized income tax benefits where it is possible to estimate the increase or decrease in the balance within the next 12 months, the Company does not anticipate any significant change.
57
Table of Contents
The Company believes that the final resolution of all the assessments discussed below will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. The ultimate outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty given the complex nature of tax controversies.
Should the ultimate outcome of any one of these matters deviate from our reasonable expectations, final resolution may have a material adverse impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. However, Eaton believes that its interpretations of tax laws and application of tax laws to its facts are correct, and that its accrual of unrecognized income tax benefits is appropriate with respect to these matters.
Eaton or its subsidiaries file income tax returns in Ireland and many countries around the world. With only a few exceptions, Eaton and its subsidiaries are no longer subject to examinations for years before 2014.
Brazil Tax Years 2005-2012
The Company has
two
Brazilian tax cases primarily relating to the amortization of certain goodwill generated from the acquisition of third-party businesses and corporate reorganizations. One case involves tax years 2005-2008 (Case 1), and the other involves tax years 2009-2012 (Case 2). Case 2 is proceeding on a more accelerated timeline than Case 1. For Case 2, the Company received a tax assessment in 2014 that included interest and penalties. In November 2019, the Company received an unfavorable result at the final tax administrative appeals level, resulting in an alleged tax deficiency of $
21
million plus $
100
million of interest and penalties (translated at the December 31, 2024 exchange rate). The Company is challenging this assessment in the judicial system and, on April 18, 2022, received an unfavorable decision at the first judicial level. On April 27, 2022, the Company filed a motion