impairment, assets and liabilities are grouped at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. The asset group would be considered impaired when the estimated future net undiscounted cash flows generated by the asset group are less than its carrying value. Determining asset groups and underlying cash flows requires the use of significant judgment.
Retirement Benefits Plans
For the principal pension plans in the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, and the United Kingdom, the Company uses a market-related value of plan assets to calculate the expected return on assets used to determine net periodic benefit costs. The market-related value of plan assets is a calculated value that recognizes changes in the fair value of plan assets over a five year period. All other plans use fair value of plan assets.
Net actuarial gains or losses are amortized to expense on a plan-by-plan basis when they exceed the accounting corridor. The Company’s corridors are set at either
8
% or
10
%, depending on the plan, of the greater of the plan assets or benefit obligations. Gains or losses outside of the corridor are subject to amortization over an average employee future service period that differs by plan. If most or all of the plan’s participants are no longer actively accruing benefits, the average life expectancy is used. The amortization periods on a weighted average basis for United States and Non-United States pension plans are approximately
21
years and
10
years, respectively. The amortization period for other postretirement benefits plans is
8
years.
Asset Retirement Obligations
A conditional asset retirement obligation is recognized at fair value when incurred if the fair value of the liability can be reasonably estimated. Uncertainty about the timing or method of settlement of a conditional asset retirement obligation would be considered in the measurement of the liability when sufficient information exists. Eaton believes that for substantially all of its asset retirement obligations, there is an indeterminate settlement date because the range of time over which the Company may settle the obligation is unknown or cannot be estimated. A liability for these obligations will be recognized when sufficient information is available to estimate fair value.
Income Taxes
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of the respective assets and liabilities, using enacted tax rates in effect for the year when the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred income tax assets are recognized for income tax loss carryforwards and income tax credit carryforwards. Judgment is required in determining and evaluating income tax provisions and valuation allowances for deferred income tax assets. Eaton recognizes an income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax