provide that, with certain limited exceptions, any subsidiary of Eaton must become a guarantor if it becomes obligated as borrower or guarantor under any series of debt securities or a syndicated credit facility. Further, the 2012 and 2017 Indentures provide that any entity that becomes a direct or indirect parent entity of Eaton Corporation and holds any material assets, with certain limited exceptions, or owes any material liabilities must become a guarantor. The 2022 Indenture provides only that, with certain limited exceptions, any subsidiary of Eaton must become a guarantor if it becomes obligated as borrower or guarantor under indebtedness with an aggregate outstanding principal amount in excess of 25% of the Parent and its Subsidiaries’ then-outstanding indebtedness.
The 1994 Indenture does not contain provisions with respect to future guarantors.
Summarized Financial Information of Guarantors and Issuers
The financial information presented is that of Eaton Corporation and the Guarantors, which includes Eaton Corporation plc, on a combined basis and the financial information of non-issuer and non-guarantor subsidiaries has been excluded. Intercompany balances and transactions between Eaton Corporation and Guarantors have been eliminated, and amounts due from, amounts due to, and transactions with non-issuer and non-guarantor subsidiaries have been presented separately.
34
Table of Contents
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Form 10-Q Report contains forward-looking statements concerning litigation, expected capital expenditures, future dividend payments, anticipated share repurchases, liquidity, and expected restructuring program charges and benefits. These statements may discuss goals, intentions and expectations as to future trends, plans, events, results of operations or financial condition, or state other information relating to Eaton, based on current beliefs of management as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. Forward-looking statements generally will be accompanied by words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project” or other similar words, phrases or expressions. These statements should be used with caution and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside Eaton’s control. The following factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements: global pandemics; unanticipated changes in the markets for the Company’s business segments; unanticipated downturns in business relationships with customers or their purchases from us; the availability of credit to customers and suppliers; supply chain disruptions, competitive pressures on sales and pricing; unanticipated changes in the cost of material, labor and other production costs, or unexpected costs that cannot be recouped in product pricing; the introduction of