from the derivative financial instrument is recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income and reclassified to income in the same period when the gain or loss related to the net investment in the foreign operation is included in income.
The gain or loss from a derivative financial instrument designated as a hedge is classified in the same line of the Consolidated Statements of Income as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item. The cash flows resulting from these financial instruments are classified in operating activities on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
For derivatives that are not designated as a hedge, any gain or loss is immediately recognized in income. The majority of derivatives used in this manner relate to risks resulting from assets or liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and certain commodity contracts that arise in the normal course of business.
Eaton uses currency exchange contracts, cross-currency interest rate swaps, and certain of its debt denominated in foreign currency to hedge portions of its net investments in foreign operations against foreign currency exposure (net investment hedges). The Company uses the spot rate method to assess hedge effectiveness when derivative financial instruments are used in net investment hedges. Under this method, changes in the fair value of currency exchange contracts attributable to changes in the spot exchange rate and changes in the fair value of cross-currency interest rate swaps are recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Changes related to the forward rate of currency exchange contracts are excluded from the hedging relationship and the forward points are amortized to Interest expense - net on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. Interest accruals on cross-currency interest rate swaps are excluded from the hedging relationship and recognized in Interest expense - net. The cash flows resulting from currency exchange contracts and cross-currency interest rate swaps are classified in investing activities on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
15
Table of Contents
Derivative Financial Statement Impacts
The fair value of derivative financial instruments recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets is as follows:
The currency exchange contracts shown in the table above as derivatives not designated as hedges are primarily contracts entered into to manage currency volatility or exposure on intercompany receivables, payables and loans. While Eaton does not elect hedge accounting treatment for these derivatives, Eaton targets managing
95
% to
100
% of the intercompany balance sheet exposure to minimize the effect of currency volatility related to the movement of goods and services in the normal course of its operations. This activity represents the great majority of these currency exchange contracts. The cash flows resulting from the settlement of these derivatives have been classified in investing activities