events affecting the reporting unit or sustained decrease in share price.
The annual goodwill impairment test was performed using a quantitative analysis in 2024, except for the Vehicle and eMobility reporting units which used a qualitative analysis in 2024. The annual goodwill impairment test was performed using a qualitative analysis in 2023, except for the Vehicle reporting unit which used a quantitative analysis in 2023. A qualitative analysis is performed by assessing certain trends and factors, including projected market outlook and growth rates, forecasted and actual sales and operating profit margins, discount rates, industry data, and other relevant qualitative factors. These trends and factors are compared to, and based on, the assumptions used in the most recent quantitative analysis performed for each reporting unit. The results of the qualitative analyses did not indicate a need to perform quantitative analysis.
Quantitative analyses were performed by estimating the fair value of the reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model. The model includes estimates of future cash flows, future growth rates, terminal value amounts, and the applicable weighted-average cost of capital used to discount those estimated cash flows. The future cash flows were based on the Company's long-term operating plan and a terminal value was used to estimate the reporting unit's cash flows beyond the period covered by the operating plan. The weighted-average cost of capital is an estimate of the overall after-tax rate of return required by equity and debt market holders of a business enterprise. These analyses require the exercise of judgments, including judgments about appropriate discount rates, perpetual growth rates, revenue growth, and margin assumptions. Sensitivity analyses were performed around certain of these assumptions in order to assess the reasonableness of the assumptions and the resulting estimated fair values.
Based on these analyses performed in 2024 and 2023, the fair value of Eaton's reporting units continue to substantially exceed their respective carrying amounts and thus, no impairment exists.
Indefinite Life Intangible Assets
Indefinite life intangible assets consist of certain trademarks. They are evaluated annually for impairment as of July 1 using either a quantitative or qualitative analysis to determine whether their fair values exceed their respective carrying amounts. Indefinite life intangible asset impairment testing for 2024 and 2023 was performed using a quantitative analysis. Determining the fair value of these assets requires significant judgment and the Company uses a royalty relief methodology similar to that employed when the associated assets were acquired, but using updated estimates of future sales, cash flows and profitability. Sensitivity analyses were performed around certain of these assumptions in order to assess the reasonableness of the assumptions and the resulting estimated fair values.
92
Table of