the Electrical Americas business segment.
Acquisition of a
49
%
stake in NordicEPOD AS
On May 31, 2024, Eaton acquired a
49
percent stake in NordicEPOD AS, which designs and assembles standardized power modules for data centers in the Nordic region. Eaton accounts for this investment on the equity method of accounting and it is reported within the Electrical Global business segment.
Acquisition of Fibrebond Corporation
On April 1, 2025, Eaton acquired Fibrebond Corporation (Fibrebond) for $
1.45
billion, net of cash acquired. Fibrebond is a U.S. based designer and builder of pre-integrated modular power enclosures for data center, industrial, utility and communications customers. Fibrebond had sales of approximately $
378
million for the twelve months ended February 28, 2025 and will be reported within the Electrical Americas business segment.
The acquisition of Fibrebond will be accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. Due to the timing of the closing date, the Company is unable to provide the preliminary estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date.
As part of the acquisition, Eaton assumed $
240
million of employee transaction and retention awards. Awards will vest in
six
equal annual installments starting in the second quarter of 2025, subject to continued employment with Eaton. Forfeited employee awards will be paid to former Fibrebond shareholders annually. Eaton will recognize compensation expense for the awards over the requisite service period and any employee forfeitures owed to former Fibrebond shareholders will be expensed immediately in Other income - net.
7
Table of Contents
Note 3.
REVENUE RECOGNITION
Sales are recognized when obligations under the terms of the contract are satisfied and control of promised goods or services have transferred to our customers. Control is transferred when the customer has the ability to direct the use of and obtain benefits from the goods or services. Sales are measured at the amount of consideration the Company expects to be paid in exchange for these products or services.
The following table provides disaggregated sales by lines of businesses, geographic destination, market channel or end market, as applicable, for the Company's operating segments:
The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed accounts receivable, unbilled receivables (revenue recognized exceeds amount billed to the customer), and deferred revenue (advance payments and billings in excess of revenue recognized). Accounts receivable from customers were $
4,592
million and $
4,079
million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Amounts are billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms, either at periodic intervals or upon achievement of contractual milestones. These assets and liabilities are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each