and services.
Aerospace
Principal methods of competition in this segment are total cost of ownership, product and system performance, quality, design engineering capabilities, and timely delivery. Eaton has a strong competitive position in this segment and, with respect to many products and platforms, is considered among the market leaders. In 2024, 23% of this segment's sales were made to four large original equipment manufacturers of aircraft.
Vehicle
Principal methods of competition in this segment are product performance, technology, global service, and price. Eaton is considered among the market leaders in this segment. In 2024, 28% of this segment's sales were made to two large original equipment manufacturers of vehicles and related components.
eMobility
Principal methods of competition in this segment are product performance, technology, global service, and price. In 2024, 27% of this segment's sales were made to three large original equipment manufacturers of vehicles, construction equipment and related components.
2
Table of Contents
Information Concerning Eaton's Business in General
Raw Materials
Eaton's major requirements for raw materials include iron, steel, copper, nickel, aluminum, lead, silver, gold, titanium, rubber, plastic, electronic components, chemicals, and fluids. Materials are purchased in various forms, such as coils, sheets, strips, ingots, bars, extrusions, castings, forgings, stampings, powder metal, plastic resins, and pellets. Raw materials, as well as parts and other components, are purchased from many suppliers. Under normal circumstances, the Company has no difficulty obtaining its raw materials. To mitigate the impact of supply chain risk events we continue to invest in supply chain resiliency and work closely with our partners.
Intellectual Property
Eaton considers its intellectual property, including without limitation patents, trade names, domain names, trademarks, confidential information, and trade secrets to be of significant value to its business as a whole. The Company's products may be manufactured, marketed and sold using a portfolio of patents, trademarks, licenses, and other forms of intellectual property, some of which expire in the future. Eaton develops and acquires new intellectual property on an ongoing basis and considers all of its intellectual property to be valuable. Based on the broad scope of the Company's product lines, management believes that the loss or expiration of any single intellectual property right would not in and of itself have a material effect on Eaton's consolidated financial statements or its business segments. The Company works diligently to protect its intellectual property, including innovations, through various legal means.
Environmental Contingencies
Our comprehensive sustainability strategy is driven by our mission to improve the quality of life and the environment. We are committed to reducing our footprint, eliminating waste, and making the best use of natural