large number of jurisdictions around the world, including, but not limited to, those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, property ownership rights, taxation, data privacy, and exchange controls. Changes in the relative values of currencies occur from time to time and could affect Eaton's operating results. While we monitor exchange rate exposures and attempt to reduce these exposures through hedging activities, these risks could adversely affect our operating results.
Changes in countries' trade policy globally, including imposition of sanctions or tariffs, may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
Changes globally in various countries’ trade policies, including tariffs and duties, may materially increase costs for goods imported into the United States and could potentially lead to broader cost pressures even for goods that are not imported. If Eaton is unable to take mitigating actions, it could negatively impact product margins and our financial performance. Additionally, potential price increases or other mitigating efforts could negatively impact market share or otherwise increase the risk of customer disputes, giving rise to possible cash flow impacts. Furthermore, globally evolving trade policies may lead to abrupt or unpredictable changes in tariffs, quotas, duties or trade agreements, potential violations or litigation, which may disrupt our supply chain and/or lead to an increase in costs. Such policies could make it more difficult or costly for us to export our products to those countries, therefore negatively impacting our financial performance.
Eaton may be subject to risks relating to changes in its tax rates, changes in global tax laws and regulations, or exposure to additional income tax liabilities.
Eaton
is subject to income taxes in many jurisdictions around the world. Income tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be affected materially by changes in the mix among earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets, or changes in tax legislation, regulations, and policies. The amount of income taxes paid is subject to ongoing audits and litigation by tax authorities in the countries in which we operate. If these audits and/or litigation result in assessments different from amounts reserved, future financial results may include material unfavorable adjustments to our tax liabilities.
Eaton may be unable to adequately protect its intellectual property rights,
which could affect our ability to compete.
Protecting our intellectual property rights is critical to our ability to compete and succeed. We own a large number of patents and patent applications worldwide, as well as trademark and copyright registrations that are necessary, and contribute significantly, to the preservation of our competitive position in various markets. Although