renewable energy sources, helping to solve the world’s most urgent power management challenges, and building a more sustainable society for people today and for future generations.
Founded in 1911, Eaton has continuously evolved to meet the changing and expanding needs of our stakeholders. With revenues of nearly $25 billion in 2024, the Company serves customers in more than 160 countries.
Portfolio Changes
The Company continues to actively manage its portfolio of businesses to deliver on its strategic objectives. The Company is focused on deploying its capital toward businesses that provide opportunities for above-market growth, strong returns, and align with secular trends and its power management strategies. During 2024 and 2025, Eaton continued to selectively add businesses to strengthen its portfolio.
Additional information related to acquisitions of businesses is presented in Note 2.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The following discussion of Consolidated Financial Results includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. These financial measures include adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per ordinary share, each of which differs from the most directly comparable measure calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A reconciliation of adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per ordinary share to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is included in the Consolidated Financial Results table below. Management believes that these financial measures are useful to investors because they provide additional meaningful financial information that should be considered when assessing our business performance and trends, and they allow investors to more easily compare Eaton’s financial performance period to period. Management uses this information in monitoring and evaluating the on-going performance of Eaton.
24
Table of Contents
Acquisition and Divestiture Charges
Eaton incurs integration charges and transaction costs to acquire and integrate businesses, and transaction, separation and other costs to divest and exit businesses. Eaton also recognizes gains and losses on the sale of businesses. A summary of these Corporate items is as follows:
Acquisition integration, divestiture charges and transaction costs in 2025 are primarily related to the acquisitions of Fibrebond and Exertherm, transactions completed prior to 2023, and other charges to acquire and exit businesses. Acquisition integration, divestiture charges and transaction costs in 2024 are primarily related to acquisitions completed prior to 2023, and include other charges and income to acquire and exit businesses. These charges were included in Cost of products sold, Selling and administrative expense, Research and development expense, or Other income - net. In Business Segment Information in Note 14, the charges were included in Other expense - net.
Restructuring Programs
During the first quarter of 2024, Eaton implemented a multi-year