disruptive or competing technologies; unexpected technical or marketing difficulties; unexpected or adverse determinations with respect to claims, charges, audits, investigations, court or administrative proceedings, litigation, arbitrations, judgements, or dispute resolutions; strikes or other labor unrest at Eaton or at our customers or suppliers; the impact of acquisitions and divestitures unanticipated difficulties integrating acquisitions; the effect, interpretation, or application of new or existing laws, regulations, legal proceedings or accounting pronouncements, tariffs and governmental regulations; interest rate changes; tax rate changes or exposure to additional income tax liability; stock market and currency fluctuations; war, geopolitical tensions, natural disasters, civil or political unrest or terrorism; and unanticipated deterioration of economic and financial conditions in the United States and around the world. Eaton does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.
ITEM 3.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.
There have been no material changes in exposures to market risk since December 31, 2024.
ITEM 4.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures - Pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-15, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of Eaton’s management, including Craig Arnold - Principal Executive Officer; and Olivier Leonetti - Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, management concluded that Eaton’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31, 2025.
Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Eaton’s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Eaton’s reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including Eaton’s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
During the first quarter of 2025, there was no change in Eaton’s internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. Management is currently evaluating the impact of businesses acquired in the past twelve months on Eaton's internal control over financial reporting.
PART II — OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
Information regarding the Company's current legal proceedings is presented in Note 9 of the Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.
ITEM