systems, fuel pumps, fuel inerting products, sensors, valves, adapters and regulators; mission systems including oxygen generation system, payload carriages, and thermal management products; high performance interconnect products including wiring connectors and cables. The Aerospace segment also includes filtration systems including hydraulic filters, bag filters, strainers and cartridges; and golf grips. The principal markets for the Aerospace segment are manufacturers of commercial and military aircraft and related after-market customers, as well as industrial applications. These manufacturers and other customers operate globally. Products are sold and serviced through a variety of channels.
Vehicle
The Vehicle segment is a leader in the design, manufacture, marketing, and supply of: drivetrain, powertrain systems and critical components that reduce emissions and improve fuel economy, stability, performance, and safety of cars, light trucks, and commercial vehicles. Products include transmissions and transmission components, clutches, hybrid power systems, superchargers, engine valves and valve actuation systems, locking and limited slip differentials, transmission controls, and fuel vapor components for the global vehicle industry. The principal markets for the Vehicle segment are original equipment manufacturers and aftermarket customers of heavy-, medium-, and light-duty trucks, SUVs, CUVs, passenger cars, construction, and agricultural equipment.
73
Table of Contents
eMobility
The eMobility segment designs, manufactures, markets, and supplies mechanical, electrical, and electronic components and systems that improve the power management and performance of both on-road and off-road vehicles. Products include high voltage inverters, converters, fuses, circuit protection units, vehicle controls, power distribution, fuel tank isolation valves, and commercial vehicle hybrid systems. The principal markets for the eMobility segment are original equipment manufacturers and aftermarket customers of heavy-, medium-, and light-duty trucks, SUVs, CUVs, passenger cars, construction, agriculture, material handling and mining equipment.
Other Information
No single customer represented greater than 10% of net sales in 2024, 2023 or 2022, respectively.
The accounting policies of the business segments are generally the same as the policies described in Note 1, except that, as described further in the following paragraph, certain items are not allocated to the businesses. Intersegment sales and transfers are accounted for at the same prices as if the sales and transfers were made to third parties. These intersegment sales are eliminated in consolidation. Operating profit (loss) includes the operating profit from intersegment sales.
The chief operating decision maker uses segment operating profit (loss) as an input to assess segment performance and determine appropriate resource allocations, including capital, financial, and employee resources. Segment