equipment, and services that are primarily produced and sold in North and South America. The majority of the sales in this segment contain performance obligations satisfied at a point in time either when we ship the product from our facility, or when it arrives at the customer’s facility. However, certain power distribution and power quality services are recognized over time.
In the Electrical Global segment, sales contracts are primarily for electrical components, industrial components, power distribution and assemblies, single phase and three phase power quality, and services that are primarily produced and sold outside of North and South America, as well as hazardous duty electrical equipment, emergency lighting, fire detection, intrinsically safe explosion-proof instrumentation, and structural support systems that are produced and sold globally. The majority of the sales contracts in this segment contain performance obligations satisfied at a point in time either when we ship the product from our facility, or when it arrives at the customer’s facility. However, certain power distribution and power quality services are recognized over time.
In the Aerospace segment, sales contracts are primarily for aerospace fuel, hydraulics, and pneumatic systems for commercial and military use, as well as filtration systems for industrial applications. These sales contracts are primarily based on a customer’s purchase order, and frequently covered by terms and conditions included in a long-term agreement. In this segment, performance obligations are generally satisfied at a point in time either when we ship the product from our facility, or when it arrives at the customer’s facility. Our military contracts are primarily fixed-price contracts that are not subject to performance-based payments or progress payments from the customer.
36
Table of Contents
Many of the products and services in power distribution and power quality services in the Electrical Americas and Electrical Global business segments and contracts to develop new products that are fully funded by customers in the Aerospace business segment meet the definition of continuous transfer of control to customers and are recognized over time. These products are engineered to a customer’s design specifications, have no alternative use to Eaton, and are controlled by the customer as evidenced by the customer’s contractual ownership of the work in process or our right to payment for work performed to date plus a reasonable margin. As control is transferring over time, sales are recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the obligation. Eaton generally uses an input method to determine the progress completed and sales are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. Incurred costs represent work performed, which corresponds with, and thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the customer.
In the Vehicle segment, sales contracts are primarily for drivetrains, powertrain