Contents
Additionally, indefinite life intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. Events or circumstances that may result in an impairment review include changes in industry and market considerations, cost factors, financial performance, and other relevant entity-specific events that could affect inputs used to determine the respective fair values of the indefinite-lived intangible assets.
For 2024 and 2023, the fair value of indefinite lived intangible assets exceeded the respective carrying value.
For additional information about goodwill and other intangible assets see Note 6.
Acquisitions of Businesses
The acquisition of a business is accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting which requires assets and liabilities to be recognized at their fair values on the acquisition date. The initial fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be revised based on the final determination of fair value during the measurement period of up to 12 months from the acquisition date. The Company generally determines the fair value of intangible assets acquired using third-party valuations that are prepared using discounted cash flow models that rely on the Company's estimates. These estimates require judgement of future revenue growth rates, future margins, and the applicable weighted-average cost of capital used to discount those estimated cash flows. Sensitivity analyses are performed around certain of these assumptions in order to assess the reasonableness of the assumptions and the resulting estimated fair values. For additional information about the acquisitions of businesses see Note 2.
Recoverability of Deferred Income Tax Assets
Eaton is subject to the income tax laws in the jurisdictions in which it operates. In order to determine the income tax provision for financial statement purposes, Eaton must make significant estimates and judgments about its business operations in these jurisdictions. These estimates and judgments are also used in determining the deferred income tax assets and liabilities that have been recognized for differences between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities, and income tax loss carryforwards and income tax credit carryforwards.
Management evaluates the realizability of deferred income tax assets for each jurisdiction in which it operates. If the Company experiences cumulative pre-tax income in a particular jurisdiction in a three-year period including the current and prior two years, management normally concludes that the deferred income tax assets will more likely than not be realizable and no valuation allowance is recognized, unless known or planned operating developments, or changes in tax laws, would lead management to conclude otherwise. However, if the Company experiences cumulative pre-tax losses in a particular jurisdiction in a