operating profit (loss) results are regularly evaluated versus annual profit plan, forecast and/or prior year.
Other segment items are primarily comprised of Cost of products sold, Selling and administrative expense, Research and development expense, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, and certain items included in Other income - net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company's chief operating decision maker manages these items on a consolidated basis.
Corporate includes all the Company's amortization of intangible assets, interest expense - net and restructuring program charges (Note 17) and the non-service cost portion of pension and other postretirement benefits income. Other expense - net includes all the Company's costs associated with acquisitions, divestitures, and gains and losses on the sale of certain businesses and other items that are of a corporate or functional governance nature. For purposes of business segment performance measurement, a portion of corporate costs, excluding amortization of intangibles assets, acquisition integration and divestiture costs, and restructuring program charges, are allocated to the businesses. These allocations are periodically adjusted to pass on year-over-year cost savings or increases to the businesses in a manner that is consistent with how the chief operating decision maker assesses performance. Identifiable assets of the business segments exclude goodwill, other intangible assets, and general corporate assets, which principally consist of certain cash, short-term investments, deferred income taxes, certain accounts receivable, certain property, plant and equipment, and certain other assets.
74
Table of Contents
Business Segment Information
75
Table of Contents
76
Table of Contents
Geographic Region Information
Net sales are measured based on the geographic destination of sales. Long-lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment - net.
77
Table of Contents
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
Amounts are in millions of dollars or shares unless indicated otherwise (per share data assume dilution). Columns and rows may not add and the sum of components may not equal total amounts reported due to rounding.
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Eaton Corporation plc (Eaton or the Company) is an intelligent power management company dedicated to protecting the environment and improving the quality of life for people everywhere. We make products for the data center, utility, industrial, commercial, machine building, residential, aerospace and mobility markets. We are capitalizing on the megatrends of the energy transition, electrification, and digitalization. The reindustrialization of and growth of megaprojects in North America and increased global infrastructure spending focused on clean energy programs are expanding our end markets and positioning Eaton for growth for years to come. We are strengthening our participation across the entire