historical warranty claim experience and specific customer contracts. Provisions for warranty accruals are comprised of basic warranties for products sold, as well as accruals for product recalls and other events when they are known and estimable.
A summary of the current and long-term warranty accruals is as follows:
54
Table of Contents
Note 12.
INCOME TAXES
Eaton Corporation plc is domiciled in Ireland. Income (loss) before income taxes and income tax expense (benefit) are summarized below based on the geographic location of the operation to which such earnings and income taxes are attributable.
Reconciliations of income taxes from the Ireland national statutory rate of 25% to the consolidated effective income tax rate are as follows:
During 2024, income tax expense of $
768
million was recognized (an effective tax rate of
16.8
%) compared to income tax expense of $
604
million in 2023 (an effective tax rate of
15.8
%) and income tax expense of $
445
million in 2022 (an effective tax rate of
15.3
%). The increase in the effective tax rate from
15.8
% in 2023 to
16.8
% in 2024 was due to greater levels of income earned in higher tax jurisdictions, partially offset by a larger impact from the excess tax benefits recognized for employee share-based payments and the reduction of valuation allowances on foreign tax attributes. The increase in the effective tax rate from
15.3
% in 2022 to
15.8
% in 2023 was due to greater levels of income earned in higher tax jurisdictions, partially offset by the reduction of valuation allowances on foreign tax attributes.
55
Table of Contents
No
provision has been made for income taxes on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries of approximately $
33.1
billion at December 31, 2024, since it is the Company's intention to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. The Company expects to deploy capital to those markets which offer particularly attractive growth opportunities. The cash that is permanently reinvested is typically used to expand operations either organically or through acquisitions. It is not practicable to estimate the additional income taxes and applicable withholding taxes that would be payable on the remittance of such undistributed earnings.
Worldwide income tax payments, net of tax refunds, are as follows:
Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities
Components of noncurrent deferred income taxes are as follows:
At December 31, 2024, Eaton Corporation plc and its foreign subsidiaries had income tax loss carryforwards and income tax credit carryforwards that are available to reduce future taxable income or tax liabilities.
These carryforwards and their respective expiration dates are summarized below:
56
Table of Contents
Recoverability of Deferred Income Tax Assets
Eaton is subject to the income tax laws in the jurisdictions in which it operates. In order to determine its income tax provision for financial statement purposes, Eaton must make significant estimates