elected and qualified, unless otherwise specified by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that any officer is subject to removal with or without cause, at any time, by a vote of a majority of the Board of Directors.
10
Table of Contents
Part II
Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Ordinary Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
The Company's ordinary shares are listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ETN. At December 31, 2024, there were 9,117 holders of record of the Company's ordinary shares. Additionally, 13,949 current and former employees were shareholders through participation in the Eaton Savings Plan, the Eaton Personal Investment Plan, and The Eaton Puerto Rico Retirement Savings Plan.
Information regarding equity-based compensation plans required by Regulation S-K Item 201(d) is provided in Item 12 of this Form 10-K Report.
Irish Taxes Applicable to Dividends
Irish income tax may arise with respect to dividends paid on Eaton shares. Eaton may be required to deduct Irish dividend withholding tax (“IDWT”, currently at a rate of 25%) from dividends paid to shareholders who are not tax residents of Ireland even though they are not subject to this tax. To claim exemption from IDWT, shareholders can complete certain Irish dividend withholding tax exemption forms or hold their shares in an account through the Depository Trust Company and have on file with their broker or qualifying agent a valid U.S. address on the record date of the dividend.
Eaton shareholders who receive their dividends subject to Irish dividend withholding tax will generally have no further liability for Irish income tax on the dividends unless they are otherwise subject to Irish income tax.
Issuer’s Purchases of Equity Securities
During the fourth quarter of 2024, 2.5 million ordinary shares were repurchased in the open market at a total cost of $870 million. These shares were repurchased under the program approved by the Board on February 23, 2022 (the 2022 Program). A summary of the shares repurchased in the fourth quarter of 2024 is as follows:
11
Table of Contents
Item 6.
[Reserved]
Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Information required by this Item is presented in “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.
Information regarding market risk is presented in “Market Risk Disclosure” of this Form 10-K.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
The reports of the independent registered public accounting firm, consolidated financial statements, and notes to consolidated financial statements are presented in Item 15 of this Form 10-K.
Item 9. Change in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and