determine whether performance obligations specified in these agreements are distinct and should be accounted for as separate revenue transactions for recognition purposes. In these types of agreements, we generally allocate sales price to each distinct obligation based on the price of each item sold in separate transactions.
91
Table of Contents
Due to the nature of the work required to be performed for obligations recognized over time, Eaton estimates total costs by contract. The estimate of total costs are subject to judgment. Estimated amounts are included in the recognized sales price to the extent it is not probable that a significant reversal of cumulative sales will occur. Additionally, contracts can be modified to account for changes in contract specifications, requirements or sale price. The effect of a contract modification on the sales price or adjustments to the measure of completion under the input method are recognized as adjustments to revenue on a cumulative catch-up basis.
Eaton records reductions to sales for returns, and customer and distributor incentives, primarily comprised of rebates, at the time of the initial sale. Rebates are estimated based on sales terms, historical experience, trend analysis, and projected market conditions in the various markets served. The rebate programs offered vary across businesses due to the numerous markets Eaton serves, but the most common incentives relate to amounts paid or credited to customers for achieving defined volume levels. Returns are estimated at the time of the sale primarily based on historical experience and recorded gross on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. See Note 3 for additional information.
Impairment of Goodwill and Indefinite Life Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Goodwill is evaluated annually for impairment as of July 1 using either a quantitative or qualitative analysis. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, and is based on the net assets for each reporting unit, including goodwill and intangible assets. The Company’s reporting units are equivalent to the reportable operating segments, except for the Aerospace segment which has two reporting units. Goodwill is assigned to each reporting unit, as this represents the lowest level that constitutes a business and is the level at which management regularly reviews the operating results. The Company performs a quantitative analysis using a discounted cash flow model and other valuation techniques, but may elect to perform a qualitative analysis.
Additionally, goodwill is evaluated for impairment whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Events or circumstances that may result in an impairment review include changes in macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance, other relevant entity-specific events, specific