size of positions entered into with any one counterparty and regularly monitors the credit rating of these institutions. See Note 16 for additional information about hedges and derivative financial instruments.
Eaton’s ability to access the commercial paper market, and the related cost of these borrowings, is based on the strength of its credit rating and overall market conditions. During 2024, the Company has not experienced any material limitations in its ability to access these sources of liquidity. At December 31, 2024, Eaton had $3,000 million of long-term revolving credit facilities with banks in support of its commercial paper program. There were no borrowings outstanding under these revolving credit facilities.
Interest rate risk can be measured by calculating the short-term earnings impact that would result from adverse changes in interest rates. This exposure results from short-term debt, which includes commercial paper at a floating interest rate, floating rate long-term debt, long-term debt that has been swapped to floating rates, and money market investments that have not been swapped to fixed rates. Based upon the balances of investments and floating rate debt at year end 2024, a 100 basis point increase in short-term interest rates would have decreased the Company’s net, pre-tax interest expense by $21 million.
Eaton also measures interest rate risk by estimating the net amount by which the fair value of the Company’s financial liabilities would change as a result of movements in interest rates. Based on Eaton’s best estimate for a hypothetical, 100 basis point increase in interest rates at December 31, 2024, the market value of the Company’s debt, in aggregate, would decrease by $582 million.
94
Table of Contents
The Company is exposed to fluctuations in commodity prices due to volatility in raw material costs and contractual agreements with suppliers. To partially mitigate this exposure, Eaton enters into commodity contracts for certain raw material purchases with the objective of minimizing changes in inventory cost due to market price fluctuations. These commodity contracts are designated for hedge accounting and are generally less than one year in duration. Based on Eaton’s best estimate for a hypothetical 10% fluctuation in commodity prices the gain or loss would be less than $1 million. The sensitivity analysis of the effects of changes in commodity prices assumes the notional value to remain constant for the next 12 months. Any change in the value of the contracts would be offset by an inverse change in the value of the underlying hedged transactions.
The Company is exposed to currency risk associated with translating its functional currency financial statements into its reporting currency, which is the U.S. dollar. As a result, the Company is exposed to movements in the exchange rates of various currencies against the U.S. dollar. Eaton also monitors exposure to transactions denominated in currencies other than the