Table of Contents
Change in Benefit Obligations
During 2020, the Company announced it was freezing its United States pension plans for its non-union employees. The freeze was effective January 1, 2021 for non-union U.S. employees whose retirement benefit was determined under a cash balance formula and is effective January 1, 2026 for non-union U.S. employees whose retirement benefit is determined under a final average pay formula.
Actuarial gains related to changes in the United States and Non-United States benefit obligations in 2024 of $
20
million and $
82
million, respectively, were primarily due to increases in the discount rates used to measure the obligations. Actuarial losses related to changes in the United States and Non-United States benefit obligations in 2023 of $
104
million and $
104
million, respectively, were primarily due to decreases in the discount rates used to measure the obligations.
Change in Plan Assets
The components of pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets at December 31 are as follows:
46
Table of Contents
The components of pension plans with a projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets at December 31 are as follows:
Other postretirement benefit plans with accumulated postretirement benefit obligations in excess of plan assets have been disclosed in the Obligations and Funded Status table.
Changes in pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss are as follows:
Benefits Expense
The components of retirement benefits expense (income) are as follows:
The components of retirement benefits expense (income) other than service costs are included in Other income - net.
47
Table of Contents
Retirement Benefits Plans Assumptions
In 2024, 2023 and 2022, for purposes of determining liabilities related to the majority of its plans in the United States, the Company used the Pri-2012 mortality tables as well as mortality tables that are based on the Company's own experience and generational improvement scales that are based on MP-2021.
To estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for the vast majority of its defined benefits pension and other postretirement benefits plans, the Company used a spot rate approach by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period to the relevant projected cash flows.
Pension Plans
The expected long-term rate of return on pension assets was determined for each country and reflects long-term historical data taking into account each plan's target asset allocation. The expected long-term rates of return on pension assets for United States pension plans and Non-United States pension plans for 2025 are
7.00
% and
6.63
%, respectively. The discount rates were determined using appropriate bond data for each country.
Other Postretirement Benefits Plans
Substantially all of the obligation for