unamortized deferred income of $
9
million within Other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, government grants did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
Note 19.
BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION
Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated on a regular basis by the chief operating decision maker, or decision making group, in deciding how to allocate resources to an individual segment and in assessing performance. The Company's chief operating decision maker is the chairman and chief executive officer. Eaton’s segments are as follows:
Electrical Americas and Electrical Global
The Electrical Americas segment consists of electrical components, industrial components, power distribution and assemblies, residential products, single phase power quality and connectivity, three phase power quality, wiring devices, circuit protection, utility power distribution, power reliability equipment, and services that are primarily produced and sold in North and South America. The Electrical Global segment consists of electrical components, industrial components, power distribution and assemblies, single phase and three phase power quality, and services that are primarily produced and sold outside of North and South America; as well as hazardous duty electrical equipment, emergency lighting, fire detection, intrinsically safe explosion-proof instrumentation, and structural support systems that are produced and sold globally. The principal markets for these segments are industrial, institutional, governmental, utility, commercial, residential and information technology. These products are used wherever there is a demand for electrical power in data centers, utilities, industrial and energy facilities, commercial buildings, apartment and office buildings, hospitals, factories, and residencies. The segments share certain common global customers, but a large number of customers are located regionally. Sales are made through distributors, resellers, and manufacturers’ representatives, as well as directly to original equipment manufacturers, utilities, and certain other end users.
Aerospace
The Aerospace segment is a leading global supplier of aerospace fuel, hydraulics, and pneumatic systems for commercial and military use, as well as filtration systems for industrial applications. Products include hydraulic power generation systems for aerospace applications including pumps, motors, hydraulic power units, hose and fittings, electro-hydraulic pumps; controls and sensing products including valves, cylinders, electronic controls, electromechanical actuators, sensors, aircraft flap and slat systems and nose wheel steering systems; fluid conveyance products, including hose, thermoplastic tubing, fittings, adapters, couplings, sealing and ducting; fuel systems including air-to-air refueling