other postretirement benefits plans relates to United States plans.
Assumptions used to determine other postretirement benefits obligations and expense are as follows:
48
Table of Contents
Employer Contributions to Retirement Benefits Plans
Contributions to pension plans that Eaton expects to make in 2025, and made in 2024, 2023 and 2022, are as follows:
The following table provides the estimated pension and other postretirement benefit payments for each of the next five years, and the five years thereafter in the aggregate. For other postretirement benefits liabilities, the Company expects minor subsidy receipts related to the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 that would reduce the estimated payments listed below.
Pension Plan Assets
Investment policies and strategies are developed on a country and plan specific basis. The United States plan, representing
61
% of worldwide pension assets, and the United Kingdom plans representing
25
% of worldwide pension assets, are invested primarily in debt securities largely for liability hedging, as the majority of the assets are in plans that are well-funded. In general, the plans are primarily allocated to diversified high-quality publicly traded debt, primarily through separately managed accounts and commingled funds in the form of common collective and other trusts. The United States plan's target allocation is
15
% United States equities,
7
% non-United States equities,
3
% public real estate (primarily equity of real estate investment trusts),
64
% debt securities and
11
% other, including private equity, private debt and cash equivalents. The United Kingdom plans' target asset allocations are
16
% equities and the remainder in debt securities, cash equivalents and real estate investments. The equity risk for the plans is managed through broad diversification across industries, geographies, and levels of market capitalization. The majority of debt allocations for these plans are longer duration government and corporate debt. The United States, United Kingdom and Canada pension plans are authorized to use derivatives, including the use of futures, swaps and options, to achieve more economically desired market exposures.
Fair Value Measurements
Financial instruments included in pension and other postretirement benefits plan assets are categorized into a fair value hierarchy of three levels, based on the degree of subjectivity inherent in the valuation methodology are as follows:
Level 1  -
Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets in active markets.
Level 2  -
Quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.
Level 3  -
Unobservable prices or inputs.
Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy and are being