Liquidity and Financial Condition (the Credit Facilities), are guaranteed by Eaton and 17 of its subsidiaries. Accordingly, they rank equally with each other. However, because these obligations are not secured, they would be effectively subordinated to any existing or future secured indebtedness of Eaton and its subsidiaries. As of March 31, 2025, Eaton has no material, long-term secured debt. The guaranteed Registered Senior Notes are also structurally subordinated to the liabilities of Eaton's subsidiaries that are not guarantors. Except as described below under Future Guarantors, Eaton is not obligated to cause its subsidiaries to guarantee the Registered Senior Notes.
The table set forth in Exhibit 22 filed with the Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2023 (10-K Exhibit 22) details the primary obligors and guarantors with respect to the guaranteed Registered Senior Notes.
33
Table of Contents
Terms of Guarantees of Registered Securities
Payment of principal and interest on the Registered Senior Notes is guaranteed, on an unsecured, unsubordinated basis by the subsidiaries of Eaton set forth in the table referenced in the 10-K Exhibit 22. Each guarantee is full and unconditional, and joint and several. Each guarantor’s guarantee is an unsecured obligation that ranks equally with all its other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The obligations of each guarantor under its guarantee of the Registered Senior Notes are subject to a customary savings clause or similar provision designed to prevent such guarantee from constituting a fraudulent conveyance or otherwise legally impermissible or voidable obligation.
Though the terms of the indentures vary slightly, generally, each guarantee of the Registered Senior Notes by a guarantor that is a subsidiary of Eaton Corporation provides that it will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged under certain circumstances, including, but not limited to:
(a)
the consummation of certain types of transactions permitted under the applicable indenture, including one that results in such guarantor ceasing to be a subsidiary; and
(b)
for Registered Senior Notes issued under the 2022 Indenture, when such guarantor is a guarantor or issuer of indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of less than 25% of our total outstanding indebtedness.
Further, each guarantee by a direct or indirect parent of Eaton Corporation (other than Eaton) provides that it will also be released if:
(c)
such guarantee (so long as the guarantor is not obligated under any other U.S. debt obligations), becomes prohibited by any applicable law, rule or regulation or by any contractual obligation; or
(d)
such guarantee results in material adverse tax consequences to Eaton or any of its subsidiaries (so long as the applicable guarantor is not obligated under any other U.S. debt obligation).
The guarantee of Eaton does not contain any release provisions.
Future Guarantors
The 2012 and 2017 Indentures generally