2020, Eaton initiated a multi-year restructuring program to reduce its cost structure and gain efficiencies in its business segments and at corporate in order to initially respond to declining market conditions brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic. Since the inception of the program, the Company incurred expenses of $
199
million for workforce reductions and $
184
million for plant closing and other costs, resulting in total charges of $
382
million through December 31, 2023. This multi-year restructuring program was substantially complete at the end of 2023, with final payments primarily made in 2024.
During the first quarter of 2024, Eaton implemented a new multi-year restructuring program to accelerate opportunities to optimize its operations and global support structure. These actions will better align the Company's functions to support anticipated growth and drive greater effectiveness throughout the Company. Restructuring charges incurred under this program were $
202
million in 2024. This restructuring program is expected to be completed in 2026 and is expected to incur additional expenses related to workforce reductions of $
183
million and plant closing and other costs of $
90
million, resulting in total estimated charges of $
475
million for the entire program.
A summary of restructuring program charges (income) is as follows:
Restructuring program charges (income) related to the following segments:
A summary of liabilities related to workforce reductions, plant closing, and other associated costs is as follows:
These restructuring program charges (income) were included in
Cost of products sold, Selling and administrative expense, Research and development expense, or Other income – net
, as appropriate. In Business Segment Information, these restructuring program charges are treated as Corporate items. See Note 19 for additional information about business segments.
72
Table of Contents
Note 18.
GOVERNMENT GRANTS
The Company recognizes the benefit of government grants when they are probable of being received and the specified conditions associated with the grants have been satisfied. Grants for capital investments are generally recognized as deferred income on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, then amortized to income over the life of the related assets. Grants for other expenses are recognized as reductions of the related expense over the period incurred.
In 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to receive government grants from a non-Irish government entity. The grants will be recognized over the term of the agreement beginning in 2024 through 2033. The terms of the agreement and the commitments made by the Company and the government entity have been omitted because they are legally prohibited from being disclosed. Under the agreement, for the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company reduced Selling and administrative expense by $
1
million on the Consolidated Statement of Income. As of December 31, 2024, the Company recognized