and judgments about its business operations in these jurisdictions. These estimates and judgments are also used in determining the deferred income tax assets and liabilities that have been recognized for differences between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities, and income tax loss carryforwards and income tax credit carryforwards.
Management evaluates the realizability of deferred income tax assets for each of the jurisdictions in which it operates. If the Company experiences cumulative pre-tax income in a particular jurisdiction in the three-year period including the current and prior two years, management normally concludes that the deferred income tax assets will more likely than not be realizable and no valuation allowance is recognized, unless known or planned operating developments, or changes in tax laws, would lead management to conclude otherwise. However, if the Company experiences cumulative pre-tax losses in a particular jurisdiction in the three-year period including the current and prior two years, management then considers a series of factors in the determination of whether the deferred income tax assets can be realized. These factors include historical operating results, known or planned operating developments, the period of time over which certain temporary differences will reverse, consideration of the utilization of certain deferred income tax liabilities, carryback capability under the tax law in the particular country, prudent and feasible tax planning strategies, changes in tax laws, and estimates of future earnings and taxable income using the same assumptions as those used for the Company's goodwill and other impairment testing. After evaluation of these factors, if the deferred income tax assets are expected to be realized within the tax carryforward period allowed for that specific country, management would conclude that no valuation allowance would be required. To the extent that the deferred income tax assets exceed the amount that is expected to be realized within the tax carryforward period for a particular jurisdiction, management would establish a valuation allowance.
Applying the above methodology, valuation allowances have been established for certain deferred income tax assets to the extent they are not expected to be realized within the particular tax carryforward period.
Unrecognized Income Tax Benefits
A summary of gross unrecognized income tax benefits is as follows:
Eaton recognizes an income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the benefit would be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The Company evaluates and adjusts the amount of unrecognized income tax benefits based on changes in facts and circumstances. The Company does not enter into any of the United States Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Listed Transactions as set forth in Treasury Regulation 1.6011-4.
If all