billion to be made during the
three-year
period commencing on that date (2022 Program). On February 27, 2025, the Board of Directors renewed the 2022 Program by providing authority for up to $
9.0
billion in repurchases to be made during the
three-year
period commencing on that date (2025 Program). Under the 2025 Program, the ordinary shares are expected to be repurchased over time, depending on market conditions, the market price of ordinary shares, capital levels, and other considerations. During the three months ended March 31, 2025,
1.9
million ordinary shares were repurchased under the 2025 and 2022 Programs in the open market at a total cost of $
608
million. During the three months ended March 31, 2024,
0.5
million ordinary shares were repurchased under the 2022 program in the open market at a total cost of $
138
million.
The changes in Accumulated other comprehensive loss are as follows:
12
Table of Contents
The reclassifications out of Accumulated other comprehensive loss are as follows:
1
These components of Accumulated other comprehensive loss are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost. See Note 8 for additional information about pension and other postretirement benefits items.
Net Income Per Share Attributable to Eaton Ordinary Shareholders
A summary of the calculation of net income per share attributable to Eaton ordinary shareholders is as follows:
For the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, all stock options were included in the calculation of diluted net income per share attributable to Eaton ordinary shareholders because they were all dilutive.
13
Table of Contents
Note 11.
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Fair value is measured based on an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to satisfy a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, a fair value hierarchy is established, which categorizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: (Level 1) observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; (Level 2) inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and (Level 3) unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions.
A summary of financial instruments recognized at fair value, and the fair value measurements used, is as follows:
Eaton values its financial instruments using an industry standard market approach, in which prices and other relevant information is generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities.
Other Fair Value Measurements
Long-term debt and the current portion of long-term debt had a carrying value of $
9,275
million and fair value of $
8,847
million at