Note 6.
GOODWILL
Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment are as follows:
Note 7.
SUPPLY CHAIN FINANCE PROGRAM
The Company negotiates payment terms directly with its suppliers for the purchase of goods and services. In addition, a third-party financial institution offers a voluntary supply chain finance (SCF) program that enables certain of the Company’s suppliers, at the supplier’s sole discretion, to sell receivables due from the Company to the financial institution on terms directly negotiated with the financial institution. If a supplier elects to participate in the SCF program, the supplier decides which invoices are sold to the financial institution and the Company has no economic interest in a supplier’s decision to sell an invoice. Payments by the Company to participating suppliers are paid to the financial institution on the invoice due date, regardless of whether an individual invoice is sold by the supplier to the financial institution. The amounts due to the financial institution for suppliers that participate in the SCF program are included in
Accounts payable
on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the associated payments are included in operating activities on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
The changes in SCF obligations are as follows:
10
Table of Contents
Note 8.
RETIREMENT BENEFITS PLANS
The components of retirement benefits expense (income) are as follows:
The components of retirement benefits expense (income) other than service costs are included in Other income - net.
During 2020, the Company announced it was freezing its United States pension plans for its non-union employees. The freeze was effective January 1, 2021 for non-union U.S. employees whose retirement benefit was determined under a cash balance formula and is effective January 1, 2026 for non-union U.S. employees whose retirement benefit is determined under a final average pay formula.
Note 9.
LEGAL CONTINGENCIES
Eaton is subject to a broad range of claims, administrative and legal proceedings, including claims for punitive damages, penalties, and interest, in a variety of matters, including contract, indemnity, tax, patent infringement, intellectual property, personal injury, commercial, warranty, product liability, environmental, antitrust and trade regulation, class action, and labor and employment matters. Eaton is also subject to legal claims from historic products which may have contained asbestos. Insurance may cover some of the costs associated with these claims and proceedings. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome or cost of these matters, the Company believes they will not have a material adverse effect on the condensed consolidated financial statements.
11
Table of Contents
Note 10.
EATON SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
The changes in Shareholders’ equity are as follows:
On February 23, 2022, the Board of Directors adopted a share repurchase program for repurchases of ordinary shares up to $
5.0