Eaton's independent registered public accounting firm, on those consolidated financial statements is included herein.
Eaton has high standards of ethical business practices supported by the Eaton Code of Ethics and corporate policies. Careful attention is given to selecting, training and developing personnel, to ensure that management's objectives of establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls and unbiased, uniform reporting standards are attained. Our policies and procedures provide reasonable assurance that operations are conducted in conformity with applicable laws and with the Company's commitment to a high standard of business conduct.
The Board of Directors pursues its responsibility for the quality of Eaton's financial reporting primarily through its Audit Committee, which is composed of five independent directors. The Audit Committee meets regularly with management, the internal auditors and the independent registered public accounting firm to ensure that they are meeting their responsibilities and to discuss matters concerning accounting, internal control, audits and financial reporting. The internal auditors and independent registered public accounting firm have full and free access to senior management and the Audit Committee.
22
Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Eaton Corporation plc
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited Eaton Corporation plc’s (“the Company”) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes and our report dated February 27, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in