management believes that the loss or expiration of any single intellectual property right would not have a material effect on the results of operations or financial position of Eaton or its business segments, there can be no assurance that any one, or more, of these patents and other intellectual property will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented by third parties. Eaton enters into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with employees, and into non-disclosure agreements with suppliers and appropriate customers, so as to limit access to and disclosure of proprietary information. These measures may not suffice to deter misappropriation or independent third party development of similar technologies.
Eaton is subject to litigation and environmental regulations that could
adversely impact Eaton's businesses.
At any given time, Eaton may be subject to litigation, the disposition of which may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition or results of operations. Information regarding current legal proceedings is presented in Note 11 and Note 12 of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
None.
7
Table of Contents
Item 1C. Cybersecurity.
Risk Management and Strategy.
Eaton follows the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cyber Security Framework to structure protocols for identifying, assessing and managing cybersecurity risks. In accordance with NIST guidance,
Eaton maintains documented information security policies and standards to protect operations, assets, data and services and to defend against, respond to and recover from potential cyberattacks.
These policies and standards include both preventive measures and reactive processes.
Preventive measures include, but are not limited to, protective and detective cybersecurity systems, security monitoring, threat hunting and mandatory, enterprise-wide employee training. Eaton’s reactive processes are captured primarily by a cyber incident response plan (the IRP), which is comprised of an evolving set of procedures developed by cross-functional experts, and external consultants, who draw upon technical proficiency and learnings from past experiences. All of these procedures and practices are tailored to Eaton’s technology environment and are refined iteratively. Further,
Eaton has an information risk management program that includes a vendor risk assessment process, whereby Eaton systematically oversees and identifies risks from cybersecurity threats related to its
use of third-party service providers
.
The IRP is executed by an Incident Response Team (IRT), led by our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). The exact composition of the IRT varies depending on the severity and potential impact of an incident, and will typically include stakeholders across corporate and business functions. The team collaborates with internal experts and may engage external resources to assess and contain