analyses were performed around certain of these assumptions in order to assess the reasonableness of the assumptions and the resulting estimated fair values.
Based on these analyses performed in 2024 and 2023, the fair value of Eaton's reporting units continue to substantially exceed their respective carrying amounts and thus, no impairment exists.
Indefinite life intangible assets consist of certain trademarks. They are evaluated annually for impairment as of July 1 using either a quantitative or qualitative analysis to determine whether their fair values exceed their respective carrying amounts. Indefinite life intangible asset impairment testing for 2024 and 2023 was performed using a quantitative analysis. The Company determines the fair value of these assets using a royalty relief methodology similar to that employed when the associated assets were acquired, but using updated estimates of future sales, cash flows, and profitability. Additionally, indefinite life intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. For 2024 and 2023, the fair value of indefinite lived intangible assets exceeded the respective carrying value.
For additional information about goodwill and other intangible assets, see Note 6.
Leases
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date of the lease based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Lease assets represent the Company’s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company’s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. As most leases do not provide an implicit interest rate, Eaton uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The length of a lease term includes options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise those options. The Company made an accounting policy election to not recognize lease assets or liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less. Additionally, when accounting for leases, the Company combines payments for leased assets, related services and other components of a lease.
31
Table of Contents
Other Long-Lived Assets
Depreciation and amortization for property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets subject to amortization, are generally computed by the straight-line method and included in Cost of products sold, Selling and administrative expense, and Research and development expense, as appropriate.
The Company uses the following depreciation and amortization periods:
Other long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Upon indications of