future benefit payments using a theoretical zero-coupon spot yield curve derived from a universe of high-quality bonds as of the measurement date and solving for the single rate that would generate the same benefit obligation. Only corporate bonds with a rating of Aa, determined by averaging the ratings by Moody’s, Standard & Poor's, and Fitch, were included. Callable bonds that are not make-whole bonds and certain other non-comparable bonds were eliminated. Finally, a subset of bonds was selected by grouping the universe of bonds by duration and retaining 50% of the bonds that had the highest yields.
The discount rates for non-United States plans were determined by region and are based on high quality long-term corporate and government bonds. Consideration has been given to the duration of the liabilities in each plan when selecting the bonds to be used in determining the discount rate.
To estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for the vast majority of its defined benefits pension and other postretirement benefits plans, the Company used a spot rate approach by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period to the relevant projected cash flows.
Key assumptions used to calculate pension and other postretirement benefits expense are adjusted at each year-end. A 1-percentage point change in the assumed rate of return on pension plan assets is estimated to have approximately a $49 million effect on pension expense. Likewise, a 1-percentage point change in the discount rate is estimated to have approximately a $15 million effect on pension expense. A 1-percentage point change in the assumed rate of return on other postretirement benefits assets is estimated to have less than $1 million effect on other postretirement benefits expense. A 1-percentage point change in the discount rate is estimated to have a $3 million effect on expense for other postretirement benefits plans.
Additional information related to changes in key assumptions used to recognize expense for other postretirement benefits plans is found in Note 10.
MARKET RISK DISCLOSURE
On a regular basis, Eaton monitors third-party depository institutions that hold its cash and short-term investments, primarily for safety of principal and secondarily for maximizing yield on those funds. The Company diversifies its cash and short-term investments among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. Eaton also monitors the creditworthiness of its customers and suppliers to mitigate any adverse impact.
Eaton uses derivative instruments to manage exposure to volatility in raw material costs, currency, and interest rates on certain debt instruments. Derivative financial instruments used by the Company are straightforward and non-leveraged. The counterparties to these instruments are financial institutions with strong credit ratings. Eaton maintains control over the