release provisions.
90
Table of Contents
Future Guarantors
The 2012 and 2017 Indentures generally provide that, with certain limited exceptions, any subsidiary of Eaton must become a guarantor if it becomes obligated as borrower or guarantor under any series of debt securities or a syndicated credit facility. Further, the 2012 and 2017 Indentures provide that any entity that becomes a direct or indirect parent entity of Eaton Corporation and holds any material assets, with certain limited exceptions, or owes any material liabilities must become a guarantor. The 2022 Indenture provides only that, with certain limited exceptions, any subsidiary of Eaton must become a guarantor if it becomes obligated as borrower or guarantor under indebtedness with an aggregate outstanding principal amount in excess of 25% of the Parent and its Subsidiaries’ then-outstanding indebtedness.
The 1994 Indenture does not contain provisions with respect to future guarantors.
Summarized Financial Information of Guarantors and Issuers
The financial information presented is that of Eaton Corporation and the Guarantors, which includes Eaton Corporation plc, on a combined basis and the financial information of non-issuer and non-guarantor subsidiaries has been excluded. Intercompany balances and transactions between Eaton Corporation and Guarantors have been eliminated, and amounts due from, amounts due to, and transactions with non-issuer and non-guarantor subsidiaries have been presented separately.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that may involve the exercise of significant judgment. For any estimate or assumption used, there may be other reasonable estimates or assumptions that could have been used. However, based on facts and circumstances inherent in developing estimates and assumptions, management believes it is unlikely that applying other such estimates and assumptions would have caused materially different amounts to have been reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Revenue Recognition
Sales are recognized when control of promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Control is transferred when the customer has the ability to direct the use of and obtain benefits from the goods or services. The majority of the Company’s sales agreements contain performance obligations satisfied at a point in time when control is transferred to the customer. Sales recognized over time are generally accounted for using an input measure to determine progress completed at the end of the period. Sales for service contracts generally are recognized as the services are provided. For agreements with multiple performance obligations, judgment is required to