restructuring program to accelerate opportunities to optimize its operations and global support structure. These actions will better align the Company's functions to support anticipated growth and drive greater effectiveness throughout the Company. Since the inception of the program, the Company has incurred charges of $220 million. This restructuring program is expected to be completed in 2026 and is expected to incur additional expenses related to workforce reductions of $171 million and plant closing and other costs of $84 million, resulting in total estimated charges of $475 million for the entire program. The Company expects mature year benefits of $375 million when the multi-year program is fully implemented.
Additional information related to these restructuring programs is presented in Note 13.
Intangible Asset Amortization Expense
Intangible asset amortization expense is as follows:
25
Table of Contents
Consolidated Financial Results
Net Sales
The increase in organic sales
in the
first
quarter of
2025 was due to strength in data center and utility end-markets in the Electrical Americas and Electrical Global business segments, strength in machine OEM in the Electrical Global business segment, and strength in commercial aftermarket, military OEM, and military aftermarket in the Aerospace business segment, partially offset by weakness in industrial and residential end-markets in the Electrical Americas business segment.
Gross Profit
Gross profit margin increased from 37.3% in the first quarter of 2024 to 38.4% in the first quarter of 2025. Material factors affecting this increase were a 190 basis point increase from higher sales and a 140 basis point increase from operating efficiencies, partially offset by a 170 basis point decline from commodity and wage inflation and a 70 basis point decline from unfavorable product mix.
Income Taxes
The effective income tax rate for the first quarter of 2025 was expense of 18.0% compared to expense of 17.9% for the first quarter of 2024.
26
Table of Contents
Net Income
Changes in Net income attributable to Eaton ordinary shareholders and Net income per share attributable to Eaton ordinary shareholders - diluted are summarized as follows:
27
Table of Contents
Business Segment Results of Operations
The following is a discussion of Net sales, operating profit (loss) and operating margin by business segment. Additionally, the Company uses the following metrics as indicators of customer demand and future revenue expectations in the Electrical Americas, Electrical Global, and Aerospace business segments. The Company believes these metrics are useful to investors for the same reasons.
•
Backlog: Includes orders to which customers are firmly committed
•
Organic change in backlog: Percentage change in backlog, excluding the impact of foreign currency, acquisitions and divestitures
•
Organic change in customer orders: Percentage change in firm customer orders on a trailing twelve month basis, excluding the impact