experienced the same conditions and in response, have continued to increase their prices in response to increases in their costs of raw materials, energy and/or labor. While we strive to recoup these increased costs through our pricing or other mediating responses, if we are unable to do so without compromising the competitive position of our products and services, our results could continue to be impacted by this trend. Further, should these trends continue or worsen, the impact could have a material adverse impact on our operating results.
Industry and Market Risks
Volatility of end markets that Eaton serves.
Eaton's segment revenues, operating results, and profitability have varied in the past and may vary from quarter to quarter in the future. Profitability can be negatively impacted by macroeconomic conditions and volatility in the end markets that Eaton serves. We have undertaken measures to reduce the impact of this volatility through diversification of the markets we serve and expansion of the geographic regions in which we operate. Future downturns in any of the markets could adversely affect revenues, operating results, and profitability.
Technology disruption may impact our stock price and/or negatively impact our end markets.
Our products and services support cutting edge technology and mega trends, including, for example, data centers. These markets have experienced and may continue to experience the abrupt introduction of disruptive technologies, which may, in turn, negatively impact our end markets. Additionally, equity markets in this space may be volatile, and may not react rationally to newly introduced products, thus impacting our stock price.
Eaton's operating results depend in part on continued successful research,
development, and marketing of new and/or improved products and services, and
there can be no assurance that Eaton will continue to successfully introduce
new products and services or maintain its present market positions.
The success of new and improved products and services depends on their initial and continued acceptance by our customers. Our businesses are affected, to varying degrees, by technological changes and corresponding shifts in customer demand, which could result in unpredictable product transitions or shortened life cycles. We may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production, or marketing of new products and services which may prevent us from recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to bring new products and services to market. Our positions may also be impacted by new entrants into our product or regional markets.
6
Table of Contents
Legal and Regulatory Risks
Eaton's global operations subject it to economic risk as Eaton's
results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in government legislation,
regulations and policies, or currency fluctuations.
Operating globally subjects Eaton to changes in government regulations and policies in a