statements and notes. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Management has evaluated subsequent events through the date the consolidated financial statements were filed with the Securities Exchange Commission.
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eaton and all subsidiaries and other entities it controls. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. The equity method of accounting is used for investments in associate companies where the Company has significant influence and generally a 20% to 50% ownership interest. Equity investments are evaluated for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the book value of the investment exceeds fair value. An impairment would exist if there is an other-than-temporary decline in value. Investments in associate companies included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets were $
872
million and $
860
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Income (loss) from these investments was $
12
million, $
20
million, and $(
5
) million for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and reported in Other income - net on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Eaton does not have off-balance sheet arrangements with unconsolidated entities.
Eaton's reporting currency is United States Dollars (USD). The functional currency for most subsidiaries is their local currency. Financial statements for these subsidiaries are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date as to assets and liabilities and weighted-average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. The resulting translation adjustments are recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the subsidiary are remeasured to the functional currency at the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date. For subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies, non-monetary assets and liabilities such as inventory and property, plant and equipment and their related expenses are remeasured at historical exchange rates, while monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Remeasurement adjustments for these subsidiaries are recognized in income. Gains from the remeasurement of foreign currency were $
15
million, $
27
million, and $
67
million for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, net of the impact of currency exchange contracts.
Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.
Adoption of New Accounting Standard
Eaton adopted Accounting Standards Update 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, in the fourth quarter of 2024 on a retrospective basis. This accounting standard requires additional segment disclosures on an annual and interim basis, including significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating