reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027, and may be applied prospectively or retrospectively. The Company is evaluating the impact of ASU 2024-03 and expects the standard will only impact its disclosures with no material impact to the consolidated financial statements.
33
Table of Contents
Note 2.
ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURE OF BUSINESSES
Sale of Hydraulics business
On August 2, 2021, Eaton completed the sale of the Hydraulics business to Danfoss A/S. As a result of the sale, the Company received $
3.1
billion, net of cash sold, and recognized a pre-tax gain of $
617
million in 2021. The Company finalized negotiations of post-closing adjustments with Danfoss A/S during the first quarter of 2022 and recognized an additional pre-tax gain of $
24
million and received cash of $
22
million from Danfoss A/S to fully settle all post-closing adjustments.
Acquisition of Royal Power Solutions
On January 5, 2022, Eaton acquired Royal Power Solutions for $
610
million, net of cash received. Royal Power Solutions is a U.S. based manufacturer of high-precision electrical connectivity components used in electric vehicle, energy management, industrial and mobility markets. Royal Power Solutions is reported within the eMobility business segment.
The acquisition of Royal Power Solutions has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting which requires the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their respective fair values on the acquisition date.
The final allocation as of the date of acquisition follows:
Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents the anticipated synergies of acquiring Royal Power Solutions. Goodwill recognized as a result of the acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. The estimated fair values of the customer relationships, technology, trademarks, and other intangible assets of $
230
million, $
90
million, $
16
million, and $
5
million, respectively, were determined using either the relief-from-royalty model, the multi-period excess earnings model, or the lost income model, which are discounted cash flow models that rely on the Company's estimates. These estimates require judgment of future revenue growth rates, future margins, and the applicable weighted-average cost of capital used to discount those estimated cash flows. The estimated fair value of technology and trademark intangibles are also based on the selection of royalty rates used in the valuation model. The weighted-average cost of capital is an estimate of the overall after-tax rate of return required by equity and debt market holders of a business enterprise. The estimated useful lives for customer relationships, technology, trademarks, and other intangible assets were
17
years,
16
years,
15
years, and
2
years, respectively. See Note 6 for additional information about goodwill and other intangible