Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 27, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates.
20
Table of Contents
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1923.
Cleveland, Ohio
February 27, 2025
21
Table of Contents
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
We have prepared the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related information of Eaton Corporation plc ("Eaton") included herein for the three years ended December 31, 2024. The primary responsibility for the integrity of the financial information included in this annual report rests with management. The financial information included in this annual report has been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States based on our best estimates and judgments and giving due consideration to materiality. The opinion of Ernst & Young LLP,