Eaton's customers' operations. While Eaton is working to make its own operations carbon neutral by 2030, external factors could cause increases in these extreme weather events, political instability, and workforce migration, ultimately increasing Eaton’s cost of doing business.
Regulatory reactions to climate change may pose more stringent obligations on Eaton’s operations and change customer demands. While Eaton is already gearing its portfolio towards products that will reduce carbon and combat climate change, there is a risk that Eaton may not innovate quickly enough to meet changing regulatory or market demands. Increasing demands for metals as the world electrifies may lead to scarcity and increased costs, as may uncertainty over carbon taxes and grid stability during a renewables transition. Despite these uncertainties, we believe Eaton is well positioned to capitalize on secular trends and market opportunities arising from these risks.
5
Table of Contents
Eaton's operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, which subjects them to varying degrees of risk
of disrupted production.
Eaton manages businesses with manufacturing facilities worldwide. Our manufacturing facilities and operations could be disrupted by a natural disaster, labor strike, war, geopolitical instability and/or conflict, political unrest, terrorist activity, economic upheaval, or public health concerns (for example, COVID-19). Any such disruption could cause delays in production and shipment of products and the loss of sales and customers, and insurance proceeds may not adequately compensate for losses.
Eaton uses a variety of raw materials, components and services in its businesses, and significant inflation could increase operating costs that may not be fully recouped in product pricing.
Eaton's major requirements for raw materials are described above in Item 1 Raw Materials. Global shortages have continued to affect the prices Eaton's businesses are charged for raw materials, particularly commodities. Further, Eaton has been impacted by logistics and wage inflation. If this trend continues and we are unable to address it with price increases, product modifications or other adjustments, our competitive position may be impacted, which could have a material adverse impact on operating results.
Further, some of our suppliers of component parts have increased their prices in response to increased costs of raw materials that they use to manufacture component parts. Should this trend continue or become more prevalent, it could adversely affect our operating results.
Significant shortages of raw materials, energy, components, and/or labor, or similar challenges for our customers could continue to adversely impact our results of operations.
Eaton has been affected by supply chain disruptions and unexpected shortages of raw materials in the future could impact our results. Further, labor shortages persist broadly in select markets. Some of our suppliers have