protecting the environment and improving the quality of life for people everywhere. We make products for the data center, utility, industrial, commercial, machine building, residential, aerospace and mobility markets. We are capitalizing on the megatrends of the energy transition, electrification, and digitalization. The reindustrialization of and growth of megaprojects in North America and increased global infrastructure spending focused on clean energy programs are expanding our end markets and positioning Eaton for growth for years to come. We are strengthening our participation across the entire electrical power value chain and benefiting from momentum in the data center and utility end markets as well as a growth cycle in the commercial aerospace and defense markets. We are guided by our commitment to operate sustainably and with the highest ethical standards. Our work is accelerating the planet’s transition to renewable energy sources, helping to solve the world’s most urgent power management challenges, and building a more sustainable society for people today and for future generations.
Founded in 1911, Eaton has continuously evolved to meet the changing and expanding needs of our stakeholders. With revenues of nearly $25 billion in 2024, the Company serves customers in more than 160 countries.
Eaton electronically files or furnishes reports pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and proxy and information statements, as well as any amendments to those reports. As soon as reasonably practicable, these reports are available free of charge through the Company's website at www.eaton.com. These filings are also accessible on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.
Acquisitions and Divestitures of Businesses
Information regarding the Company's acquisitions and divestitures is presented in Note 2 of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Business Segment Information
Information by business segment regarding principal products, principal markets, methods of distribution and net sales is presented in Note 19 of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements. Additional information regarding Eaton's segments and business is presented below.
Electrical Americas and Electrical Global
Principal methods of competition in these segments are performance of products and systems, technology, customer service and support, and price. Eaton has a strong competitive position in these segments and, with respect to many products, is considered among the market leaders. In normal economic cycles, sales of these segments are historically lower in the first quarter and higher in the third and fourth quarters of a specific year. In 2024, 26% of these segments' sales were made to eight large customers of electrical products and electrical systems