value of contingent future consideration from the Green Motion SA acquisition. Costs in 2023 and 2022 also included certain indemnity claims associated with the sale of 50% interest in the commercial vehicle automated transmission business in 2017. Costs in 2022 also included charges of $29 million presented in Other income - net on the Consolidated Statements of Income related to the decision in the second quarter of 2022 to exit the Company's business operations in Russia. These charges consisted primarily of write-downs of accounts receivable, inventory and other assets, and accruals for severance. These charges were included in Cost of products sold, Selling and administrative expense, Research and development expense, or Other income - net. In Business Segment Information in Note 19, the charges were included in Other expense - net.
79
Table of Contents
Restructuring Programs
In the second quarter of 2020, Eaton initiated a multi-year restructuring program to reduce its cost structure and gain efficiencies in its business segments and at corporate in order to initially respond to declining market conditions brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic. Since the inception of the program, the Company incurred expenses of $199 million for workforce reductions and $184 million for plant closing and other costs, resulting in total charges of $382 million through December 31, 2023. This restructuring program was substantially complete at the end of 2023 and mature year benefits from the program of approximately $265 million were realized in 2024.
During the first quarter of 2024, Eaton implemented a new multi-year restructuring program to accelerate opportunities to optimize its operations and global support structure. These actions will better align the Company's functions to support anticipated growth and drive greater effectiveness throughout the Company. Restructuring charges incurred under this program were $202 million in 2024. This restructuring program is expected to be completed in 2026 and is expected to incur additional expenses related to workforce reductions of $183 million and plant closing and other costs of $90 million, resulting in total estimated charges of $475 million for the entire program. The Company expects mature year benefits of $375 million when the multi-year program is fully implemented.
Additional information related to these restructuring programs is presented in Note 17.
Intangible Asset Amortization Expense
Intangible asset amortization expense is as follows:
80
Table of Contents
Consolidated Financial Results
Net Sales
2024
: Organic sales increased
8%
in
2024
due to
strength in commercial & institutional end-markets in the Electrical Americas business segment, strength in utility end-markets in the Electrical Global business segment, strength in data center end-markets in the Electrical Americas and Electrical Global business segments, strength in commercial OEM, commercial aftermarket, and military OEM in the Aerospace