to external and internal systems. Because of this, cybersecurity threats pose a material risk to our business operations.
Global cybersecurity threats range from widespread vulnerabilities, sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, or uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to IT/OT systems. These threats may be directed at Eaton, its products, software embedded in Eaton’s products, or its third-party service providers. The risk is amplified by the increasingly connected nature of our products and systems. These threats may originate from anywhere in the connected world and while they may take the form of phishing, malware, bots, or human-centric attacks, the nature of the threat is constantly evolving. Eaton continues to deploy reasonable comprehensive measures designed to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate these threats.
As a result of our worldwide operations, we are subject to laws and regulations, including data protection/privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, in many jurisdictions. In addition, we operate in an environment in which there are different and potentially conflicting data privacy laws in effect in the various U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and we must understand and comply with each law and standard in each of these jurisdictions. For example, the Global Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) prefers that we manage personal data in the E.U. and may impose fines of up to four percent of our global revenue in the event of certain violations.
Eaton’s customers, including governmental agencies, are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards which may result in additional operating or production costs. Our cybersecurity program aligns with well-known industry-wide security control frameworks. Despite these efforts, cybersecurity incidents could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information and the disruption of business operations. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include theft of intellectual property, disruption of operations, reputational damage, adverse health and safety consequences, the loss or misuse of confidential information, product failure, as well as exposure to fines, legal claims or enforcement actions.
The effects of climate change, including weather disruptions and regulatory/market reactions, create uncertainties that could negatively impact our business.
Global increases in greenhouse gas emissions are linked to climate change, and there is a growing consensus that dramatic emissions reductions are needed to avoid severe climate impacts. Extreme weather events linked to climate change, including hurricanes, flooding, wildfires, and high heat/water scarcity, may create physical risks to Eaton’s operating locations and supply chains, as well as to