liability (a fair value hedge); for these hedges, the gain or loss from the derivative financial instrument, as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, are recognized in income during the period of change in fair value.
•
Hedges of the variable cash flows of a recognized variable-rate asset or liability, or the forecasted acquisition of such an asset or liability (a cash flow hedge); for these hedges, the gain or loss from the derivative financial instrument is recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income and reclassified to income in the same period when the gain or loss on the hedged item is included in income.
•
Hedges of the currency exposure related to a net investment in a foreign operation (a net investment hedge); for these hedges, the gain or loss from the derivative financial instrument is recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income and reclassified to income in the same period when the gain or loss related to the net investment in the foreign operation is included in income.
The gain or loss from a derivative financial instrument designated as a hedge is classified in the same line of the Consolidated Statements of Income as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item. The cash flows resulting from these financial instruments are classified in operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
For derivatives that are not designated as a hedge, any gain or loss is immediately recognized in income. The majority of derivatives used in this manner relate to risks resulting from assets or liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and certain commodity contracts that arise in the normal course of business.
Eaton uses currency exchange contracts and certain of its debt denominated in foreign currency to hedge portions of its net investments in foreign operations against foreign currency exposure (net investment hedges). The Company uses the spot rate method to assess hedge effectiveness when currency exchange contracts are used in net investment hedges. Under this method, changes in the spot exchange rate are recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Changes related to the forward rate are excluded from the hedging relationship and the forward points are amortized to Interest expense - net on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. The cash flows resulting from these currency exchange contracts are classified in investing activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
66
Table of Contents
Interest Rate Risk
Eaton enters into fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk of certain long-term debt. These interest rate swaps are accounted for as fair value hedges of certain long-term debt. Eaton also enters into forward starting floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk on future anticipated debt issuances. These are accounted for as cash flow hedges.
A summary of interest rate