resources. None-the-less, operations of the Company involve emissions, as well as the use and disposal of certain substances regulated under environmental protection laws. Eaton continues to modify processes on an ongoing, regular basis in order to reduce the impact on the environment, including the reduction or elimination of certain chemicals used in, and wastes generated from, operations. Compliance with laws that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, are not expected to have a material adverse effect upon capital expenditures, including expenditures for environmental control facilities, earnings or the competitive position of the Company. Compliance with future environmental protection laws may require an increase in capital expenditures. Information regarding the Company's liabilities related to environmental matters is presented in Note 11 of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Human Capital Management
Eaton has approximately 94,000 employees globally. The number of persons employed by our reportable segments and corporate at December 31, 2024 are as follows:
3
Table of Contents
Eaton uses and monitors a variety of metrics to ensure our objectives related to employee attraction, development, and retention are met. Most notably, Eaton tracks the following:
Inclusion and Diversity
Eaton is committed to having a workforce that is diverse and inclusive at all levels. Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain the best employees without regard to race, color, social or economic status, religion, national origin, marital status, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any protected status. It is the policy of the Company to make all decisions regarding employment based on the principle of equal employment opportunity and without discrimination.
At December 31, 2024, Eaton’s distribution by gender, and United States distribution by minority status, is as follows:
1
Excluding Puerto Rico
At Eaton, one of our aspirations is to be a model of inclusion and diversity among our peers. Our plan to achieve this encompasses a number of actions, including an examination into our programs, practices, processes, and policies to look for opportunities to strengthen our workforce.
Compensation
A key component of Eaton’s attraction and retention strategy is providing a competitive total rewards package which includes items such as salaries, wages, short- and long-term incentive compensation, in addition to health, welfare, retirement, and other benefits. Eaton regularly benchmarks its compensation and benefits practices against those of our industry peers and in the markets in which we operate to ensure our plans and programs are aligned with external practices in effort to maintain a high performing workforce. Eaton's 2024 total employee costs were $6.5 billion including salaries, wages, equity-based