a threat if deemed necessary. Such external resources may potentially include forensic investigation and response firms, law firms, external auditors, forensic accountants, and consultants who are on retainer contracts for expedited availability.
While cybersecurity threats remain a risk to the Company’s business operations (see discussion in Item 1A. Risk Factors.), our robust risk mitigation strategies have been effective.
Accordingly, no such threats have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the company, our business strategy, results of operations or our financial condition.
Governance.
Eaton's Board of Directors is trained annually regarding incident response and risk management.
While our
Board of Directors
as a whole has oversight of risk management generally, cybersecurity risks fall to the Board’s Audit Committee
.
The Company’s Chief Information Officer (CIO) and CISO report quarterly to the Audit Committee on any significant cybersecurity incidents, threats, mitigation strategies and controls.
The Audit Committee then updates the full board on significant matters raised and discussed during these sessions. The Audit Committee also participates in risk management training related to cybersecurity risk management specifically.
The
Audit Committee
delegates day-to-day management of cybersecurity risks to the Company’s senior management, which includes our CISO, who reports to the Company’s CIO. Our CIO reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer
.
Our CISO leads a robust team of dedicated professionals that are responsible for a wide range of risk assessment and management and leads at least ten specialized teams of internal and external experts focusing on distinct categories of threats.
Item 2. Properties.
Eaton's principal executive offices are located at Eaton House, 30 Pembroke Road, Dublin 4, Ireland D04 Y0C2. The Company maintains manufacturing facilities at approximately 193 locations in 34 countries. The Company is a lessee under a number of operating and finance leases for certain real properties and equipment, none of which is individually material to its operations. Management believes that the existing manufacturing facilities are adequate for its operations and that the facilities are maintained in good condition.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
Information regarding the Company's current legal proceedings is presented in Note 11 and Note 12 of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not applicable.
8
Table of Contents
Item 4A. Information about our Executive Officers.
A listing of executive officers, their ages, positions and offices held over the past five years, as of February 1, 2025, is as follows:
9
Table of Contents
There are no family relationships among the officers listed, and there are no arrangements or understandings pursuant to which any of them were elected as officers. All officers hold office for one year and until their successors are