appeal to the New York Court of Appeals, and that motion was denied in March 2021.
Bank BPH
. As previously reported, Bank BPH, along with other Polish banks, has been subject to ongoing litigation in Poland related to its portfolio of floating rate residential mortgage loans, with cases brought by individual borrowers seeking relief related to their foreign currency indexed or denominated mortgage loans in various courts throughout Poland. For a number of years, we have observed an increase in the total number of lawsuits being brought against Bank BPH and other banks in Poland by current and former borrowers, and we expect this to continue in future reporting periods. As previously reported, GE and Bank BPH approved the adoption of a settlement program and recorded an additional charge of $
1,014
million in the quarter ended June 30, 2023. The estimate of total losses for borrower litigation at Bank BPH was $
2,461
million and $
2,669
million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
2024 FORM 10-K
73
This estimate accounts for the costs associated with borrowers who we estimate will participate in the settlement program, as well as estimates for the results of litigation with other borrowers, which in either case can exceed the value of the current loan balance, and represents our best estimate of the total losses we expect to incur over time informed by experience since adopting the program. However, there are a number of factors that could affect the estimate in the future, including: future judicial decisions or binding resolutions by the European Court of Justice (ECJ) or the Polish Supreme Court that could increase the cost to banks of loans invalidated by Polish courts and encourage more borrower lawsuits; the impact of any such decisions or resolutions on how Polish courts will interpret and apply the law in particular cases; the receptivity of borrowers over time to Bank BPH’s settlement program; the number of active and inactive borrowers who sue Bank BPH; the ability of Bank BPH to recover from borrowers the original principal amount of loans invalidated by Polish courts; and the impact of potential future legislation in Poland to expedite the court process for borrowers or otherwise relating to foreign currency indexed or denominated mortgage loans. While we are unable at this time to develop a meaningful estimate of reasonably possible losses beyond the amount currently recorded, future changes related to any of the foregoing or in Bank BPH’s settlement approach, or other adverse developments such as actions by regulators, legislators or other governmental authorities (including consumer protection regulators), could increase our estimate of total losses and potentially require future cash contributions to Bank BPH. See Note 2 for further information.
ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY MATTERS
.
Our operations involve or have involved the use, disposal and cleanup of substances regulated under environmental protection laws,