that each is meeting its responsibilities and to discuss matters concerning internal controls and financial reporting. Deloitte and Touche LLP and the internal auditors each have full and free access to the Audit Committee.
MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING.
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. With our participation, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting was conducted as of December 31, 2024, based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.
Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on our internal control over financial reporting. Their report follows.
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS.
Under the direction of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2024. There have been no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting.
34
2024 FORM 10-K
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of General Electric Company (operating as GE Aerospace)
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of General Electric Company (operating as GE Aerospace) and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2024, and 2023, the related consolidated statements of earnings (loss), comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024, and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring