governmental financing programs, that require us to comply with strict governmental regulations. As a U.S. government contractor, we are also subject to risks relating to U.S. government audits and investigations that in the past have led, and in the future may lead, to cash withholds, fines, damages or other penalties under civil or criminal laws. Inability to comply with applicable regulations could adversely affect our status with government customers or our ability to participate in projects and could have collateral consequences such as suspension or debarment. Suspension or debarment, depending on the entity involved and length of time, can limit our ability to bid for new U.S. government contracts or business with other government-related customers, and this could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
Legal proceedings - We are subject to a variety of legal proceedings, disputes, investigations and legal compliance risks, including contingent liabilities from businesses that we have exited or are inactive.
We are subject to a variety of legal proceedings, commercial disputes, legal compliance risks and environmental, health and safety compliance risks in virtually every part of the world. We, our representatives and our industry are subject to continuing scrutiny by regulators, other governmental authorities and private sector entities or individuals in the U.S., the European Union and other jurisdictions, which have led or may, in certain circumstances, lead to enforcement actions, adverse changes to our business practices, fines and penalties, required remedial actions such as contaminated site clean-up or other environmental claims, or the assertion of private litigation claims and damages that could be material. For example, we remain subject to shareholder lawsuits related to the Company’s financial performance, accounting and disclosure practices and related legacy matters from several years ago. These types of proceedings involving claims about past financial performance and reporting, as well as any future claims that may arise about past or current misconduct, even if unfounded, may have a significant impact on our reputation and how we are viewed by investors, customers and others. We also from time to time are involved in commercial discussions, disputes or proceedings in which, given the nature of our business that often involves large equipment and service orders and long-term commercial relationships, the claims asserted can be for significant amounts. The estimation of legal reserves or possible losses involves significant judgment and may not reflect the full range of uncertainties and unpredictable outcomes inherent in litigation, disputes and investigations, and the actual losses arising from particular matters may exceed our current estimates and adversely affect our financial results. The risk management and compliance programs we have adopted and related actions that we take may