without approval of the general partner. Distributions from each fund will be received as the underlying investments of the funds are liquidated at the discretion of the general partner. These investments are generally considered illiquid and our ability to receive the most recent net asset value in a sale would be determined by external market factors.
NOTE 4.
CURRENT AND LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES
(a) Revenue sharing and other partner receivables are primarily amounts due from revenue sharing partners who participate in engine programs by developing and supplying certain engine components through the life of the program or other partners who support our production or aftermarket activities. The revenue sharing partners share in program revenue, receive a share of customer progress payments and share costs related to discounts and warranties.
Sales of customer receivables.
From time to time, the Company sells current or long-term receivables to third parties in response to customer-sponsored requests or programs, to facilitate sales, or for risk mitigation purposes. The Company sold current customer receivables to third parties and subsequently collected $
92
million and $
85
million
in the three months ended March 31, 2025 a
nd 2024, respectively, related primarily to our participation in customer-sponsored supply chain finance programs. Within these programs, primarily in the Commercial Engines & Services business, the Company has no continuing involvement; fees associated with the transferred receivables are covered by the customer and cash is received at the original invoice value and due date.
NOTE 5.
INVENTORIES, INCLUDING DEFERRED INVENTORY COSTS
(a) Represents deferred labor and overhead costs on time and material service contracts and other costs of products and services for which the criteria for revenue recognition has not yet been met.
NOTE 6.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND OPERATING LEASES
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
21
Operating Lease Liabilities.
Our current operating lease liabilities, included in
All other current liabilities
in our Statement of Financial Position were $
281
million and $
283
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Our non-current operating lease liabilities, included in
All other liabilities
in our Statement of Financial Position, were $
862
million and $
822
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Expense on our operating lease portfolio, primarily from our long-term fixed leases, was $
98
million and $
112
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
NOTE 7.
GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
(a) Goodwill adjustments are primarily related to foreign currency exchange.
We assess the possibility that a reporting unit’s fair value has been reduced below its carrying amount due to the occurrence of events or circumstances between annual impairment testing dates. In the first quarter of 2025, we did not identify any reporting units that