determine expected overall portfolio results given our asset allocation. Based on our analysis, we have assumed a
7.00
% long-term expected return on the GE Aerospace Pension Plan assets for cost recognition in 2024 and 2023. For 2025 cost recognition, based on GE Aerospace Pension Plan assets at December 31, 2024, we have assumed a
7.00
% long-term expected return.
The healthcare trend assumptions primarily apply to our pre-65 retiree medical plans. Most participants in our post-65 retiree plan have a fixed subsidy and therefore are not subject to healthcare inflation.
We evaluate these critical assumptions at least annually on a plan and country-specific basis. We periodically evaluate other assumptions involving demographics factors such as retirement age and turnover, and update them to reflect our actual experience and expectations for the future. Actual results in any given year will often differ from actuarial assumptions because of economic and other factors. Differences between our actual results and what we assumed are recorded in AOCI each period. These differences are amortized into earnings over the remaining average future service of active participating employees or the expected life of inactive participants, as applicable. For the principal pension plans, gains and losses are amortized using a straight-line method with a separate layer for each year’s gains and losses. For most other pension plans and principal retiree benefit plans, gains and losses are amortized using a straight-line or a corridor amortization method.
SENSITIVITIES TO KEY ASSUMPTIONS.
Fluctuations in discount rates can significantly impact pension cost and obligations. We would expect that a 25 basis point decrease in discount rate would increase our GE Aerospace principal pension plan cost in the following year by approximately $
50
million and would also expect an increase in the GE Aerospace principal pension plan projected benefit obligation at year-end by approximately $
550
million. The deficit sensitivity to the discount rate would be lower than the projected benefit obligation sensitivity as a result of the liability hedging program incorporated in the asset allocation. A 25 basis point decrease in the expected return on assets would increase GE Aerospace principal pension plan cost in the following year by approximately $
50
million.
THE COMPOSITION OF OUR PLAN ASSETS.
The fair value of our pension plans' investments is presented below. The inputs and valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of these assets are described in Note 1 and have been applied consistently.
(a)
Primarily represented investment-grade bonds of U.S. issuers from diverse industries.
(b)
Primarily represented investments in residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, non-U.S. corporate and government bonds and U.S. government, federal agency, state and municipal debt.
2024 FORM 10-K
61
Plan assets that were measured at fair value using NAV as a practical