proprietary lean operating model, FLIGHT DECK. It is through FLIGHT DECK that we are bridging strategy to deliver results for our customers and our shareholders. GE Aerospace’s organizational culture supports talent attraction, engagement and retention and promotes ways of working that are strongly connected to our goals. In 2024, GE Aerospace conducted its first annual enterprise-wide culture survey as an independent company. This survey is part of a commitment to have a strong employee listening strategy. Results showed that overall our employees feel their safety is prioritized and that the Company maintains high ethical standards. Our performance management system, “People, Performance, and Growth,” directly links individual performance outcomes to incentive compensation. Supporting our culture of integrity, The Spirit & The Letter, GE Aerospace’s employee code of conduct, sets forth the Company’s integrity and compliance standards.
•
Developing and managing our talent to best support our organizational goals: GE Aerospace’s approach to talent management aims to ensure strong individual and company performance, and our employee training and development offerings are designed to support these goals. As a key pillar of our talent strategy, GE Aerospace’s senior management leads an annual organization and talent review for each business to support a strong leadership pipeline and succession planning process. In 2024, our leadership development programs continued to elevate high potential talent and accelerate a continued career path with GE Aerospace.
•
Promoting fairness and opportunity across the enterprise: At GE Aerospace, we are committed to building a culture and environment where every employee has the opportunity to achieve their ultimate potential. Fostering an environment centered on Respect for People is core to FLIGHT DECK and is intended to ensure that every employee feels empowered and has the opportunity to contribute to improve our performance. Our long-standing commitment to pay practices that are fair and competitive is core to Respect for People and is reflected in the fact that men and women performing similar work were paid within 1% of each other in our most recent analysis.
At December 31, 2024, GE Aerospace and consolidated affiliates employed approximately 53,000 people, of whom approximately 28,000 were employed in the United States.
At December 31, 2024, GE Aerospace had approximately 3,700 union-represented manufacturing and service employees in the United States. In 2023, the Company negotiated or extended collective bargaining agreements with the majority of its U.S. unions (including the IUE-CWA, UAW and IAM), and these agreements are scheduled to expire between June and August of 2025. GE Aerospace will hold negotiations to enter into new agreements prior to their respective expiration dates. While the outcome of the 2025 negotiations cannot be predicted, the Company’s recent past negotiations have resulted in