cash flow forecasts, including strategic and annual operating plans, adjusted for terminal value assumptions, or a market approach, when available and appropriate, utilizing market observable pricing multiples of similar businesses and comparable transactions, or both. These impairment tests involve the use of accounting estimates and assumptions, and changes to those assumptions could materially impact our financial condition or operating performance if actual results differ from such estimates and assumptions. To address this uncertainty, we perform sensitivity analyses on key estimates and assumptions. Once the fair value is determined, if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, it is impaired.
In the fourth quarter of each year, we perform our annual impairment test. See Note 7 for further information.
We review identified intangible assets with defined useful lives and subject to amortization for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Determining whether an impairment loss has occurred requires the use of our internal forecast to estimate future cash flows and the useful life over which these cash flows will occur. To determine fair value, we use our internal cash flow estimates discounted at an appropriate discount rate. See Notes 1 and 7 for further information.
2024 FORM 10-K
17
INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACTS.
Refer to the Other Items - Insurance section for further discussion of the accounting estimates and assumptions in our insurance reserves and their sensitivity to change. See Notes 1 and 12 for further information.
PENSION ASSUMPTIONS.
Refer to Note 13 for our accounting estimates and assumptions related to our postretirement benefit plans.
INCOME TAXES.
Our annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. Significant judgment is required in determining our tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties. We review our tax positions quarterly and adjust the balances as new information becomes available. Our income tax rate is significantly affected by the tax rate on our global operations. In addition to local country tax laws and regulations, this rate can depend on the extent earnings are indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. Historically U.S. taxes were due upon repatriation of foreign earnings. Due to the enactment of U.S. tax reform in 2017, substantially all of our unrepatriated net earnings have been subject to U.S. tax and accordingly we expect to have the ability to repatriate available non-U.S. cash without significant additional tax cost. Indefinite reinvestment is determined by management’s judgment about and intentions concerning the future operations of the