agreements that we believe provide employees with fair wages and benefits while addressing the competitive realities facing GE Aerospace, and were completed without a work stoppage. GE Aerospace’s relationship with employee-representative organizations outside the U.S. takes many forms, including in Europe where GE Aerospace engages employees’ representatives’ bodies such as works councils (at both European level and locally) and trade unions in accordance with local law.
2024 FORM 10-K
5
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.
We have long research and development (R&D) cycles for many of our products, with product safety, quality and efficiency being critical to success. We conduct R&D activities, leveraging FLIGHT DECK, to enhance our existing products and services, develop new products and services to meet our customers’ changing needs and requirements, address new market opportunities and support regulatory certifications. For example, our past and ongoing investments in advanced technologies such as ceramic matrix composites and additive manufacturing for components have applications across a range of narrowbody and widebody engine applications. In addition, we are making significant investments in the RISE program suite of technologies to enable a more sustainable future of flight. And in DPT, leveraging government funding, our investments include the development of advanced propulsion solutions such as adaptive cycle combat engines.
In addition to funding R&D internally, we also receive funding externally from our customers and partners, which contributes to the overall R&D for the Company. See Note 1 for further information on our accounting policies for development agreements and R&D cost share arrangements.
(a) Customer funded is principally U.S. Government funded.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.
The development and protection of intellectual property rights are a source of competitive advantage within our industry, and protection of key design, manufacturing, repair and product upgrade technologies is important to our business. We maintain, continue to grow, and curate a portfolio of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights stemming from our research and development activities. In some circumstances we license intellectual property to commercial customers, such as to support the maintenance and repair of our products to keep them in safe and airworthy condition. Government customers may also have licenses to some of our intellectual property that is developed or used in the performance of government contracts. While our intellectual property rights in the aggregate are important to our business, we do not believe that our business is materially dependent on the preservation of any singular intellectual property right or patent license. The “GE” name and logo are licensed to various former businesses, including GE HealthCare and GE Vernova, pursuant to agreements governing their use.
SUPPLY CHAIN.
We rely on a global supply chain for a