For the year ended December 31, 2023
, the effective income tax rate was 9.5% compared to 11.1% for the year ended December 31, 2022. The tax rates for both 2023 and 2022 reflect a tax provision on pre-tax income.
The provision (benefit) for income tax was $1.0 billion and $0.2 billion for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in tax was primarily due to the tax effect of the increase in pre-tax income excluding gains and losses on our retained and sold ownership interests, partially offset by a decrease in tax expense related to separation-related entity restructuring. There was an insignificant tax on the net gains in GE HealthCare, AerCap and Baker Hughes equity in both periods because of the tax-free disposition of GE HealthCare shares and because of available capital losses.
For the year ended December 31, 2023, the adjusted effective income tax rate* was 23.9% compared to 17.6% for the year ended December 31, 2022. The adjusted provision for income taxes* was $1.1 billion in 2023 and $0.5 billion in 2022. The increase in tax was primarily due to the tax effect of the increase in adjusted earnings before taxes* and a decrease in favorable audit resolutions.
The rate of tax on our profitable non-U.S. earnings is below the U.S. statutory rate because we have significant business operations subject to tax in countries where the tax rate on that income is lower than the U.S. statutory rate. Most of these earnings have been reinvested in active non-U.S. business operations. Due to U.S. tax reform, substantially all of our unrepatriated net earnings have been subject to U.S. tax and accordingly we expect to have the ability to repatriate available non-U.S. cash without significant additional tax cost. We reassess reinvestment of earnings on an ongoing basis.
A substantial portion of the benefit for lower-taxed non-U.S. earnings related to business operations subject to tax in countries where the tax on that income is lower than the U.S. statutory rate is derived from our operations located in Singapore, where the earnings are primarily taxed at a rate of 8.5% in 2024 and 2023, and 8.0% in 2022.
The U.S. has enacted a minimum tax on foreign earnings (global intangible low taxed income) as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (U.S. tax reform). We pay significant foreign tax which substantially reduces the U.S. liability on these earnings. In addition, the rate of tax on non-U.S. operations has increased from losses in foreign jurisdictions where it is not likely that such losses can be utilized and therefore no tax benefit is provided for those losses. Non-U.S. losses also limit our ability to claim U.S. foreign tax credits on certain operations, increasing the rate of tax on non-U.S. operations. Overall, these factors reduce the benefit associated with our non-U.S. operations.
A more detailed analysis of differences between the U.S. federal statutory rate and the consolidated effective rate, as well as other