not fully mitigate legal and compliance risks that we face, particularly in light of the global and diverse nature of our operations and the current enforcement environments in many jurisdictions. For example, when we investigate potential noncompliance under U.S. and non-U.S. law involving our employees, partners or third parties we work with, in some circumstances we make self-disclosures about our findings to the relevant authorities who may pursue or decline to pursue enforcement proceedings against us in connection with those matters. We are also subject to material trailing legal liabilities from businesses that we have exited or are inactive. We also expect that additional legal proceedings and other contingencies will arise from time to time. Moreover, we sell products and services in growth markets where claims arising from alleged violations of law, product failures or other incidents involving our products and services are adjudicated within legal systems that are less developed and less reliable than those of the U.S. or other more developed markets, and this can create additional uncertainty about the outcome of proceedings before courts or other governmental bodies in those markets. See Note 24 for further information about legal proceedings and other loss contingencies.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
Refer to Legal Matters and Environmental, Health and Safety Matters in Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements for further information relating to our legal matters.
2024 FORM 10-K
33
MANAGEMENT AND AUDITOR’S REPORTS
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION OF FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
.
Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related information that are presented in this report. The consolidated financial statements, which include amounts based on management’s estimates and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with U.S generally accepted accounting principles.
The Company designs and maintains accounting and internal control systems to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial records are reliable for preparing consolidated financial statements and maintaining accountability for assets. These systems are enhanced by policies and procedures, an organizational structure providing division of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel, and a program of internal audits.
The Company engaged Deloitte and Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit and render an opinion on the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB).
The Board of Directors, through its Audit Committee, which consists entirely of independent directors, meets periodically with management, internal auditors and our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure