the contract or instrument, GE Vernova will be obligated to indemnify the Company for credit support related payments that the Company is required to make.
As of December 31, 2024, we estimated GE Vernova RPO and other obligations that relate to GE Aerospace credit support to be approximately $17 billion, an over 73% reduction since December 31, 2023. We expect, approximately $10 billion of the RPO related to GE Aerospace credit support obligations to contractually mature by the end of 2029. The Company’s maximum aggregate exposure under the GE Aerospace credit support cannot be reasonably estimated given the breadth of the portfolio across each of the GE Vernova businesses. The underlying obligations are predominantly customer contracts that GE Vernova performs in the course of its business. We have no known instances historically where payments or performance from us were required under parent company guarantees relating to GE Vernova customer contracts. See Note 24 for additional details regarding guarantees.
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES.
We believe that presenting non-GAAP financial measures provides management and investors useful measures to evaluate performance and trends of the total company and its businesses. This includes adjustments in recent periods to GAAP financial measures to increase period-to-period comparability following actions to strengthen our overall financial position and how we manage our business. In addition, management recognizes that certain non-GAAP terms may be interpreted differently by other companies under different circumstances. In various sections of this report we have made reference to the following non-GAAP financial measures in describing our (1) revenue, specifically, Adjusted revenue, (2) profit, specifically, Operating profit and Operating profit margin; Adjusted earnings (loss); Adjusted earnings (loss) per share (EPS) and Adjusted effective income tax rate, and (3) cash flows, specifically free cash flow (FCF). The reasons we use these non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures follow.
2024 FORM 10-K
21
*Non-GAAP Financial Measure
22
2024 FORM 10-K
*Non-GAAP Financial Measure
2024 FORM 10-K
23
OTHER FINANCIAL DATA.
The annual changes for the five-year period shown in the above graph are based on the assumption that $100 had been invested in GE Aerospace common stock, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index (S&P 500) and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Industrials Stock Index (S&P Industrial) on December 31, 2019, and that all quarterly dividends were reinvested. The cumulative dollar returns shown on the graph represent the value that such investments would have had on December 31 for each year indicated.
With respect to “Market Information,” GE Aerospace common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "GE" (its principal market).
As of January 15, 2025, there were approximately 246,000 shareholder accounts of