party transactions with certain equity method investments, of which, the most significant are with CFM International, a non-consolidated company jointly owned with Safran Aircraft Engines, a subsidiary of Safran Group of France. We make substantial sales of parts and services to CFM International. Related party transactions with other equity method investees primarily consist of purchases of engine parts or maintenance services, which are not significant with any single related party.
GOVERNMENT INCENTIVES.
We receive grants and incentives from various federal, state, local, and foreign governments in exchange for compliance with certain conditions relating to our activities in a specific jurisdiction which encourage investment, job creation and retention, and environmental objectives including emissions reductions. We recognize government grants as a reduction to the related expense or asset when there is reasonable assurance that the Company will comply with the conditions of the grant, the grant is received or is probable of receipt and the amount is determinable.
Government grants resulted in reductions of $
117
million, $
99
million and $
100
million to
research and development expense
in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH.
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash include cash on hand, demand deposits and short-term cash investment that are highly liquid in nature and have original maturities of three months or less, including
debt securities and money market instruments unless classified as available-for-sale investment securities.
Restricted cash primarily comprised funds restricted in connection with certain ongoing litigation matters and amounted to an insignificant amount at both December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
INVESTMENT SECURITIES.
We report investments in available-for-sale debt securities and certain equity securities at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities are recorded to other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes. Unrealized gains and losses on equity securities with readily determinable fair values are recorded to earnings.
Although we generally do not have the intent to sell any specific debt securities in the ordinary course of managing our portfolio, we may sell debt securities prior to their maturities for a variety of reasons, including diversification, credit quality, yield and liquidity requirements and the funding of claims and obligations to policyholders.
We regularly review investment securities for impairment. For debt securities, if we do not intend to sell the security or it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of our amortized cost, we evaluate qualitative criteria, such as the financial health of and specific prospects for the issuer, to determine whether we do not expect to recover the amortized cost basis of the security. We also evaluate quantitative