discretion. We expect to contribute approximately $
120
million to fund such benefits in 2025.
(a) Current forecast is
7
%, but is estimated to decline to
5
% for 2034 and thereafter.
Net periodic benefit income from continuing operations in 2025 is estimated to be approximately $
725
million, which is a decrease of approximately $
25
million as compared to 2024. The decrease is primarily due to investment performance offset by the impact of discount rates.
The components of net periodic benefit costs, other than the service cost component, are included in Non-operating benefit cost (income) in our Statement of Earnings (Loss).
2024 FORM 10-K
59
(a)
Principally due to impact of discount rates.
(b)
The benefit obligation for the GE Aerospace Supplementary Pension Plan, which is unfunded, was $
2,814
million at December 31, 2024.
(c)
The benefit obligation for retiree health plans for GE Aerospace was $
716
million at December 31, 2024.
ASSUMPTIONS USED IN CALCULATIONS.
Our defined benefit pension plans are accounted for on an actuarial basis, which requires the selection of various assumptions, including a discount rate, a compensation assumption, an expected return on assets, mortality rates of participants and expectation of mortality improvement.
Projected benefit obligations are measured as the present value of expected benefit payments. We discount those cash payments using a discount rate. We determine the discount rate using the weighted-average yields on high-quality fixed-income securities with maturities that correspond to the payment of benefits. Lower discount rates increase present values and generally increase subsequent-year pension expense; higher discount rates decrease present values and generally reduce subsequent-year pension expense.
The compensation assumption is used to estimate the annual rate at which pay of plan participants will grow. If the rate of growth assumed increases, the size of the pension obligations will increase, as will the amount recorded in AOCI in our Statement of Financial Position and amortized into earnings in subsequent periods.
60
2024 FORM 10-K
The expected return on plan assets is the estimated long-term rate of return that will be earned on the investments used to fund the benefit obligations. To determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, we consider our asset allocation as well as historical and expected returns on various categories of plan assets. In developing future long-term return expectations for our principal benefit plans’ assets, we formulate views on the future economic environment, both in the U.S. and abroad. We evaluate general market trends and historical relationships among a number of key variables that impact asset class returns such as expected earnings growth, inflation, valuations, yields and spreads, using both internal and external sources. We also take into account expected volatility by asset class and diversification across classes to