outlook. Changes in estimates are recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis with an adjustment to revenue in the current period. These revisions are based on objectively verifiable information that is available at the time of the review. Contract modifications that change the rights and obligations, as well as the nature, timing and extent of future cash flows, are evaluated for potential price concessions, contract asset impairments and significant financing to determine if adjustments of earnings are required before effectively accounting for a modified contract as a new contract.
We regularly assess expected billings adjustments and customer credit risk inherent in the carrying amounts of receivables and contract assets, including the risk that contractual penalties may not be sufficient to offset our accumulated investment in the event of customer termination. We gain insight into future utilization and cost trends, as well as credit risk, through our knowledge of the installed base of equipment and fleet management strategies through close interaction with our customers that comes with supplying critical services and parts over extended periods. Revisions may affect a long-term services agreement’s total estimated profitability resulting in an adjustment of earnings.
On December 31, 2024, our long-term service agreements net liability balance of $6.6 billion represents approximately 4.1% of our total estimated life of contract billings of $162 billion. Our contracts (on average) are approximately 18.4% complete based on costs incurred to date and our estimate of future costs. Revisions to our estimates of future billings or costs that increase or decrease total estimated contract profitability by one percentage point would increase or decrease the long-term service agreements balance by $0.4 billion. Billings collected on these contracts were $8.6 billion and $8.1 billion during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. See Notes 1 and 8 for further information.
NONRECURRING ENGINEERING COSTS.
We incur contract fulfillment costs for engineering and development of products directly related to existing or anticipated contracts with customers, primarily in our Defense & Propulsion Technologies segment. Contract fulfillment costs are capitalized to the extent recoverable from the customer contract, and subsequently amortized as the products are delivered to the customer. We periodically assess the recoverability of capitalized contract fulfillment costs, which requires significant judgement. Specifically, we estimate program volumes, contract revenue based on negotiated prices, and product costs based on input costs, inflation and productivity. See Note 8 for further information.
IMPAIRMENT OF GOODWILL AND OTHER IDENTIFIED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
.
Goodwill is subject to annual, or more frequent, if necessary, impairment testing. In the impairment test, the fair value is estimated utilizing a discounted cash flow approach utilizing