workscope, improved pricing and favorable equipment and services mix. These increases were partially offset by inflation, higher growth investment and an unfavorable change in estimated profitability of our long-term service agreements of $0.1 billion.
For the year ended December 31, 2023, segment revenue was up $5.0 billion, or 27%, and segment profit was up $1.5 billion, or 36%, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022.
Revenue increased primarily due to additional commercial install and spare engine unit shipments, higher spare part shipments, higher internal shop visit volume, increased internal shop visit workscope and improved pricing.
Profit increased primarily due to benefits from increased commercial spare part shipments, higher internal shop visit volume, increased workscope and improved pricing. These increases in profit were partially offset by additional growth investment, inflation in our supply chain and product mix.
As of December 31, 2024
, RPO increased $16.1 billion, or 12%, from December 31, 2023, due to increases in both equipment and services. Equipment increased primarily due to an increase in engine orders outpacing revenue recognized, primarily for LEAP engines. Services increased primarily as a result of contract modifications and engines contracted under long-term service agreements that have now been put into service.
As of December 31, 2023
, RPO increased $16.8 billion, or 14%, from December 31, 2022, due to increases in both equipment and services. Equipment increased primarily due to an increase in engine orders outpacing revenue recognized. Services increased primarily as a result of engines contracted under long-term service agreements that have now been put into service and contract modifications.
DEFENSE & PROPULSION TECHNOLOGIES.
Our results in 2024 reflect domestic and international government defense departments’ focus on modernizing and scaling their forces while continuing flight operations, driving services demand. A key underlying driver of our business is government funding, as most of the revenue in Defense & Systems is derived from funding that flows through the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) budget, or equivalent international budgets. National defense budgets grew in the U.S. in the low-single digits and internationally in the mid-single digits in 2024. In March 2024, Congress passed its defense funding bill for fiscal year 2024, which included funding that supports our advanced engine development research, classified programs and product procurement and maintenance in other engine lines.
Additionally, the DoD is focused on advanced combat, enhancing platform capability and groundbreaking technology primarily in classified programs, including support for the next generation T901 turboshaft engine and advanced engine architectures. In June 2024, GE Aerospace delivered two T901-GE-900 engines to Sikorsky for integration and testing aboard a UH-60 Black Hawk as part of the U.S. Army upgrade