scrutiny from both U.S. and foreign governmental authorities with respect to regulatory compliance. We regularly engage with our regulators and work to comply with existing, new and changing requirements across relevant jurisdictions, as compliance (or failure to properly comply) with any of these requirements can pose costs and impact our operations. For additional information about government regulation applicable to our business, see Risk Factors and Note 24.
6
2024 FORM 10-K
Commercial aviation
.
The design and production of our commercial aircraft engines are regulated by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA). To obtain and maintain design approvals for commercial engines, called type certificates, we must meet stringent certification requirements and maintain ongoing responsibility for the continued operational safety and airworthiness of our engines. We also hold an FAA authorization to produce commercial engines, called a production certificate, pursuant to which engines that we produce must meet the approved type design. GE Aerospace also operates commercial engine MRO facilities around the world, and each of these facilities holds repair station certificates from multiple aviation regulators, depending upon the regulatory jurisdictions of our airline customers that use the facility. All of our certified operations are subject to regulatory oversight, and violations may result in government enforcement action that can include fines, suspension of privileges under the certificates or revocation of the certificates. In addition, global aviation authorities regulate aviation safety and have the authority to mandate that our customers take required actions, such as required inspection, maintenance, modification or removal of our products or their components. These regulators also have the authority to order the grounding of entire fleets of aircraft in the interests of aviation safety.
International Trade Controls and Sanctions Compliance.
We are subject to various international trade controls and sanctions regulations from governments and regulatory bodies around the world. These include export controls (including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR)), import controls, sanctions compliance (including sanctions administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC)) and anti-boycott regulations. These regulations are intended to align business practices with national security and foreign policy objectives. Our international trade controls and sanctions compliance program includes employee training, screening and due diligence reviews of customers, suppliers and business partners and other controls and procedures designed to operate in compliance with these complex requirements.
Government Contracts.
The U.S. government and our other government customers often have the ability to