COMMERCIAL ENGINES & SERVICES
. In the first quarter of 2025, demand for commercial air travel grew with departures up 4%. We are in frequent communication with our airline, airframe and maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) customers about the outlook for commercial air travel, new aircraft production, fleet retirements and after-market services, including shop visit and spare parts demand.
In the first quarter, we announced significant new deals with three major customers. ANA HOLDINGS committed to more than 75 LEAP install and spare engines to power its Boeing 737 MAX and A321 NEO fleets, and also selected our GEnx engines to power its order of 18 Boeing 787s. Malaysia Aviation Group ordered 60 LEAP install engines, plus additional spares, to power their new fleet of 30 Boeing 737 MAX aircrafts. Korean Air announced an agreement for GEnx and GE9X engines to power their recent order of up to 30 Boeing 787-10s and 20 Boeing 777-9s.
Internal shop visit revenue grew in the first quarter, while total engine deliveries and LEAP engine deliveries decreased primarily due to supply chain constraints. Total engineering investments, both company and partner-funded, increased compared to prior year. We are investing in our manufacturing and overhaul facilities and are deploying engineering and supply chain resources to increase production, expand capacity and strengthen yield. We also remain committed to investing in developing and maturing technologies that enable a more efficient future of flight. Notably, CFM International's RISE program is a suite of pioneering technologies including Open Fan, compact core and hybrid electric systems for compatibility with alternative fuels. We recently completed a second test campaign on the high-pressure turbine blades which demonstrated improved durability and fuel efficiency. This is one of several initiatives underway to help invent the future of flight.
*Non-GAAP Financial Measure
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
5
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, revenue was up $0.9 billion, or 14%, and profit was up $0.5 billion, or 35%, compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024.
Revenue increased primarily due to increased spare parts volume, increased internal shop visit volume and shop visit workscope, improved customer mix and pricing. These increases were partially offset by lower deliveries of engines due to supply chain constraints and an unfavorable change in estimated profitability of our long-term service agreements.
Profit increased primarily due to increased spare parts volume, increased internal shop visit revenue, mix and improved pricing. These increases were partially offset by inflation, higher growth investment and an unfavorable change in estimated profitability of our long-term service agreements, primarily from the estimated impact from tariffs.
As of March 31, 2025
, RPO increased $0.1 billion from December 31, 2024, from increases in equipment partially offset by services.  Equipment increased