other manufacturing or production alternatives; this can require substantial time to implement, particularly if it involves new regulatory certifications, and can lead to costs or delays that adversely impact our production timelines, fulfillment of customer contracts, revenue, profitability, cash flows and reputation. Quality, capability, compliance and sourcing issues experienced by third-party providers can also adversely affect our costs, profitability and the quality and effectiveness of our products and services and result in liability and reputational harm. The harm to us could be significant if, for example, a quality issue at a supplier or with components that we integrate into our products results in a widespread quality issue across one of our product lines or our installed base of equipment. In addition, our suppliers may experience cyber-related attacks, which could negatively impact their ability to meet their delivery obligations to us and in turn have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers.
Operational execution - Operational challenges could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
Our financial results depend on the successful execution of our business plans and commercial arrangements across all steps of the product and service life cycle. We seek to improve our operations and execution on an ongoing basis, and our ability to make the desired improvements is an important factor in our profitability and overall financial performance. For example, we often enter into long-term service agreements in connection with significant contracts for the sale of our products and services (see Note 1). In connection with these agreements, we must accurately estimate our costs associated with delivering the products, product durability and reliability, and the provision of services over time in order to be competitive and profitable and to generate acceptable returns on our investments. A failure to appropriately estimate, plan for or execute our business plans may adversely affect our delivery of products and services in line with our projected financial performance or cost estimates, and ultimately may result in excess costs, build-up of inventory that becomes obsolete, lower profit margins and an erosion of our competitive position. We also face operational risks in connection with launching or ramping newer product platforms, such as the LEAP or GE9X engines. Particularly with newer product platforms and technologies, we seek to reduce the costs of these products over time through experience and other measures, including the introduction of new designs, technologies, manufacturing methods and suppliers. Risks related to engineering, our supply chain, the availability of skilled labor, product quality, product durability, the cost of producing complex materials or components, regulatory approvals, timely delivery or other aspects of