based on the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements are based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements.
2024 FORM 10-K
45
INSURANCE.
Our run-off insurance operations include providing insurance and reinsurance for life and health risks and providing certain annuity products. Primary product types include long-term care, structured settlement annuities, life and disability insurance contracts and investment contracts. Insurance contracts are contracts with significant mortality and/or morbidity risks, while investment contracts are contracts without such risks. Insurance revenue is comprised primarily of premiums and investment income. For traditional long-duration insurance contracts, we report premiums as revenue when due. Premiums received on non-traditional long-duration insurance contracts and investment contracts, including annuities without significant mortality risk, are not reported as revenue but rather as deposit liabilities. We recognize revenue for charges and assessments on these contracts, mostly for mortality, administration and surrender. Interest credited to policyholder accounts is charged to expense.
Future policy benefit reserves represent the present value of future benefits to be paid to or on behalf of policyholders and related expenses less the present value of future net premiums. The liability is measured for each group of contracts (i.e., cohorts) using current cash flow assumptions. As a run-off insurance operation consisting substantially all of reinsurance, contracts are grouped into cohorts by legal entity and product type, based on the date the reinsurance contract was consummated. Future policy benefit reserves are adjusted each period as a result of updating lifetime net premium ratios for differences between actual and expected experience with the retroactive effect of those variances recognized in current period earnings. We review at least annually in the third quarter, future policy benefit reserves cash flow assumptions, except related claim expenses which remain locked-in, and if the review concludes that the assumptions need to be updated, future policy benefit reserves are adjusted retroactively based on the revised net premium ratio using actual historical experience, updated cash flow assumptions, and the locked-in discount rate with the effect of those changes recognized in current period earnings.
As our insurance operations are in run-off, the locked-in discount rate is used for the computation of interest accretion on future policy benefit reserves recognized in earnings. However, cash flows used to estimate