operational execution can adversely affect our ability to achieve those cost reductions and to meet contract obligations and customers’ expectations, as well as our business plan objectives. A strike or other labor disruption could also adversely affect our production, delivery, financial performance and reputation, and we are due in 2025 to renegotiate expiring labor union contracts. In addition, many of our customer contracts are complex and contain provisions that could cause us to incur penalties, be liable for liquidated or actual damages and incur unanticipated expenses with respect to the timely delivery, functionality, deployment, operation and durability of our products, solutions and services. Operational failures that result in product safety or quality problems or potential environmental, health or other risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial position, cash flows and results of operations.
Cybersecurity - Increased cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted attacks, as well as failures, pose risk to our and many critical third parties' systems, networks, products, solutions, services and data.
Increased global cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats, computer viruses and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks such as ransomware, as well as cybersecurity failures resulting from human or technological errors, pose risk to the security of our and our customers', partners', suppliers' and third-party service providers' infrastructure, products, systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of GE Aerospace and customers' data, as well as associated financial and reputational risks. The perpetrators of such attacks include sophisticated malicious actors, including states and state-affiliated actors targeting critical infrastructure. The risks in this area continue to grow, and we expect cyberattacks will continue to accelerate on a global basis in frequency and impact as threat actors increasingly use artificial intelligence and other techniques to circumvent security controls, evade detection and remove forensic evidence. As a result, there can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management processes,
30
2024 FORM 10-K
including our policies and controls, will be effective in promptly or effectively detecting, containing or remediating cybersecurity attacks, which may result in material harm to our systems, information or business.
We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, cyberattacks of varying degrees of sophistication and various cybersecurity incidents, such as distributed denial of service attacks and phishing attacks. It may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of incidents, particularly for sophisticated attacks. This may inhibit our ability to provide prompt, full and reliable information about the incident to our customers,