increased by our commitments to make additional investments in these entities described in Note 22.
NOTE 22.
COMMITMENTS, GUARANTEES, PRODUCT WARRANTIES AND OTHER LOSS CONTINGENCIES
COMMITMENTS.
As of March 31, 2025, we had total investment commitments of $
3,581
million, of which $
3,450
million are related to investments by our run-off insurance operations in investment securities and other assets. Included within these commitments are obligations to make investments in unconsolidated VIEs of $
3,360
million. We also have unfunded commitments for U.S. tax equity of $
631
million. Additionally, we have committed to provide financing assistance of $
2,655
million for future customer acquisitions of aircraft equipped with our engines. We believe there is a low probability of utilization of this financing assistance based on the terms under which the financing would be provided. See Note 21 for further information regarding VIEs.
GUARANTEES. Credit support and indemnification agreements - Continuing Operations.
Following the separation of GE Vernova, we have remaining performance and bank guarantees on behalf of GE Vernova. To support GE Vernova in selling products and services globally, we often entered into contracts on behalf of GE Vernova or issued parent company guarantees or trade finance instruments supporting the performance of what were subsidiary legal entities transacting directly with customers, in addition to providing similar credit support for non-customer related activities of GE Vernova (collectively, "GE Aerospace credit support"). Under the Separation and Distribution Agreement (SDA), GE Vernova is obligated to use reasonable best efforts to replace us as the guarantor on or terminate all such credit support instruments. Until such termination or replacement, in the event of non-fulfillment of contractual obligations by the relevant obligor(s), we could be obligated to make payments under the applicable instruments. Under the SDA, GE Vernova is obligated to reimburse and indemnify us for any such payments. Beginning in 2025, GE Vernova is paying us a quarterly fee based on amounts related to the GE Aerospace credit support. We have recorded a reserve of $
110
million for our stand ready to perform obligation. Our maximum aggregate exposure under the GE Aerospace credit support cannot be reasonably estimated given the breadth of the portfolio across each of the GE Vernova businesses except for certain financial guarantees and trade finance instruments with a maximum exposure of approximately $
363
million. The underlying obligations are predominantly customer contracts that GE Vernova performs in the normal course of its business. We have no known instances historically where payments or performance were required by us under parent company guarantees relating to GE Vernova customer contracts. In connection with the spin-off of GE Vernova, under terms of the SDA, Transition Service Agreement (TSA) and Tax Matters Agreement (TMA),