Canadian life insurance portfolio, we reinsure approximately $45 billion of net amount at risk (i.e., difference between the death benefit and any accrued cash value) from approximately 1.1 million policies with an average attained age of 63. In 2024, our incurred claims were approximately $0.4 billion with an average individual claim of approximately $46,100. The covered products primarily include permanent life insurance and 20- and 30-year level term insurance. We anticipate a significant portion of the 20- and 30-year level term policies, which represent approximately 7% and 43% of the net amount of risk, to lapse through 2026 and 2035 as the policies reach the end of their 20- and 30-year level premium period, respectively.
Critical Accounting Estimates.
Our insurance reserves include the following key accounting estimates and assumptions described below.
Future policy benefit reserves
. Future policy benefit reserves represent the present value of future benefits to be paid to or on behalf of policyholders and related expenses less the present value of future net premiums and are estimated based on actuarial assumptions such as mortality, morbidity, terminations, and expenses. The liability is measured for each group of contracts (i.e., cohorts) using current cash flow assumptions.
We regularly monitor emerging experience in our run-off insurance operations and industry developments to identify trends that may help us refine our reserve assumptions. We review at least annually in the third quarter, future policy benefit reserves cash flow assumptions, except related claim expenses which remain locked-in, and if the review concludes that the assumptions need to be updated, future policy benefit reserves are adjusted retroactively based on the revised net premium ratio using actual historical experience, updated cash flow assumptions, and the locked-in discount rate with the effect of those changes recognized in current period earnings. Our annual review procedures include updating certain experience studies since our last completed review, independent actuarial analysis (principally on long-term care insurance exposures) and review of industry benchmarks. The review of experience and assumptions is a comprehensive and complex process that depends on a number of factors, many of which are interdependent and require evaluation individually and in the aggregate across all insurance products. The vast majority of our run-off insurance operations consists of reinsurance from multiple ceding insurance entities pursuant to treaties having complex terms and conditions. The review relies on claim and policy information provided by these ceding entities and considers the reinsurance treaties and underlying policies. In order to utilize that information for purposes of completing experience studies covering all key assumptions, we perform detailed procedures to conform and validate the data received from the ceding entities. Our long-term care