share was $8.33. Excluding the results from our run-off insurance operations, separation costs, restructuring and other costs, non-operating benefit (cost) income, gains on retained and sold ownership interests, and gains (losses) on purchases and sales of business interests, adjusted earnings per share* was $2.95, and increase of 54%.
Remaining performance obligation (RPO) is unfilled customer orders for products and product services (expected life of contract sales for product services) excluding any purchase order that provides the customer with the ability to cancel or terminate without incurring a substantive penalty. See Note 25 for further information.
As of December 31, 2024
, RPO increased $17.6 billion, or 11%, from December 31, 2023, at Commercial Engines & Services, as a result of contract modifications and engines contracted under long-term service agreements that have now been put into service and from equipment orders outpacing revenue recognized, and at Defense & Propulsion Technologies, driven by Defense & Systems equipment orders outpacing revenue recognized.
As of December 31, 2023
, RPO increased $18.6 billion, or 14%, from December 31, 2022, primarily at Commercial Engines & Services as a result of engines contracted under long-term service agreements that have now been put into service and contract modifications, and an increase in equipment orders since December 31, 2022.
SEGMENT OPERATIONS
COMMERCIAL ENGINES & SERVICES
. Our results in 2024 reflect robust demand for commercial air travel with departures up high-single digits during the year. We are in frequent communication with our airline, airframe and maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) customers about the outlook for commercial air travel, new aircraft production, fleet retirements and after-market services, including shop visit and spare parts demand.
Total engineering investments, both company and partner-funded, increased compared to prior year. Internal shop visit output increased in 2024 compared to 2023, while total engine deliveries and LEAP engine deliveries decreased primarily due to supply chain constraints. We are investing in our manufacturing and overhaul facilities and are deploying engineering and supply chain resources to increase production, expand capacity and strengthen yield.
*Non-GAAP Financial Measure
2024 FORM 10-K
9
For the year ended December 31, 2024, segment revenue was up $3.0 billion, or 13%, and segment profit was up $1.4 billion, or 25%, compared to the year ended December 31, 2023.
Revenue increased primarily due to higher spare parts volume, increased internal shop visit workscope, improved pricing and favorable customer mix. These increases were partially offset by lower deliveries of new engines due to supply chain constraints and an unfavorable change in estimated profitability of our long-term service agreements of $0.1 billion.
Profit increased primarily due to increased spare parts volume, increased internal shop visit