also continue to focus on environmental, social and governance issues, including our environmental sustainability practices and commitments with respect to our operations, products and suppliers. We anticipate that over time we will make additional investments in new technologies and capabilities and devote additional management and other resources in connection with these dynamics.
The achievement of aerospace and defense sector climate goals over the coming decades is likely to depend in part on technologies that are not yet developed, deployed or widely adopted today. For example, emissions reduction over time will likely require a combination of changes such as continued technological innovation in the fuel efficiency of engines, expanded use of low carbon fuels and the development of electric flight and hydrogen-based aviation technologies. The risk of insufficient availability, or higher cost, of low carbon fuels (such as sustainable aviation fuels or hydrogen) may compromise the pace and degree of emissions reduction. Our success in advancing climate objectives will depend in part on the actions of governments, regulators and other market participants to invest in infrastructure, create appropriate market incentives and to otherwise support the development of new technologies. The process of developing new high-technology products and enhancing existing products to mitigate climate change impacts is often complex, costly and uncertain, and we may pursue strategies or make investments that do not prove to be commercially successful in the time frames expected or at all. Moreover, we rely on our suppliers to adapt and meet our evolving technological supply needs, and they may be unable to fully respond to our requirements in a timely manner or at all. We also face risks as our competitors respond to advancing low-emissions technologies. Our competitors may develop these in-demand technologies before we do, their new technologies may be deemed by our customers to be superior to technologies we may develop, and their technologies may otherwise gain industry acceptance in advance of or instead of our products. In addition, as we and our competitors develop increasingly low-emissions technologies, demand for our older offerings may decrease or become nonexistent. Our reputation may also be damaged if we or others in our sector fail, or are perceived to fail, to achieve climate goals or commitments or to comply with evolving climate-related regulations. In addition, climate-related litigation and government investigations could be commenced against us, could be costly to defend and could adversely affect our business. Furthermore, our business, the businesses of our partners, suppliers, subcontractors, service providers, distributors and customers and our sector could be negatively impacted by increasing frequency and severity of acute extreme weather events caused by climate change, including hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, snow and ice storms,