meet working capital demands and protect us from the other party failing to adequately complete some or all of its obligations under the contract. For certain commercial engine programs, we make payments to airlines when the aircraft with our engines are delivered by the airframers (aircraft allowances). We record aircraft allowances as a reduction in revenue when control of the engine is transferred to our airframer customer.
Some of our contracts require us to make payments to customers related to failure to deliver our equipment on-time or meeting certain performance specifications, which is factored into our estimate of variable consideration using the expected value method taking into consideration performance relative to our contractual obligations, specified liquidated damages rates, if applicable, and history of paying damages to the customer or similar customers.
REVENUE FROM THE SALE OF SERVICES. Spare Parts.
We sell certain tangible products, largely spare parts, through our services businesses. We recognize revenue and bill our customers at the point in time that the customer obtains control of the good, which is when we deliver the spare part to the customer. In some cases, our contracts give rise to variable consideration in the form of volume or product durability discounts, which we incorporate into our estimate of transaction price using the expected value method. Delivery is measured using either proof of delivery or estimated based on historical averages of in-transit periods (time between shipment and delivery).
42
2024 FORM 10-K
Long-term Services Agreements.
We enter into long-term services agreements with our customers primarily within our Commercial Engines and Services segment. These agreements require us to provide maintenance, overhauls and standby "warranty-type" services, which generally range from
5
to
25
years. We account for items that are integral to the maintenance of the equipment as part of our performance obligation, unless the customer has a substantive right to make a separate purchasing decision.
We recognize revenue as we perform under the arrangements using the percentage of completion method which is based on our costs incurred to date relative to our estimate of total expected costs. Throughout the life of a contract, this measure of progress captures the nature, timing and extent of our underlying performance activities as our stand-ready services often fluctuate between routine inspections and maintenance, unscheduled service events and major overhauls at predetermined usage intervals. We provide for potential losses on these agreements when it is probable that we will incur the loss.
Our rights to consideration for these arrangements are generally based on the utilization of the asset (e.g., per hour of usage) and contractual payment terms are based on either periodic billing schedules or upon the occurrence of a maintenance event, such as an overhaul. The differences between the timing of our