significant deterioration in the global economy, in our sector, in financial markets or with particular significant counterparties, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
Run-off insurance and banking operations - We continue to have exposure to our run-off insurance operations and Bank BPH mortgage portfolio in Poland
. While in recent years we have greatly reduced the scope of GE's former financial services operations, we continue to retain significant exposure to legacy insurance and other financial services operations that will run off over a long period of time and, in the event of future adverse developments, could cause funding or liquidity stress. For example, it is possible that results of our statutory testing of insurance reserves in future years will require additional capital contributions to our insurance subsidiaries, even after the capital contribution made in the first quarter of 2024 that completed the contributions in connection with the statutory permitted practice approved in 2018 by the Kansas Insurance Department (KID). Our statutory testing of insurance reserves is subject to a variety of assumptions, including assumptions about the discount rate (which is sensitive to changes in market interest rates), morbidity, mortality and future long-term care premium increases. Future adverse changes to these assumptions (to the extent not offset by any favorable changes to these assumptions) could result in an increase to future policy benefit reserves and, potentially, to the amount of capital we are required to contribute to our insurance subsidiaries (as discussed in the Other Items - Insurance section within the MD&A). In addition, we have exposure to various financial counterparties that pose credit and other risks in the event of insolvency or other default. For example, a portion of our run-off insurance operations’ assets are held in trust accounts associated with reinsurance contracts. For our UFLIC subsidiary, such trust assets are currently held in trusts for the benefit of insurance company subsidiaries of Genworth, which has stated in the past that it will not bolster the capital position of its insurance subsidiaries. Solvency or other concerns about Genworth or its insurance company subsidiaries may cause those subsidiaries or their regulators to take or attempt to take actions that could adversely affect UFLIC, including control over assets in the relevant trusts. It is also possible that additional contingent liabilities and loss estimates for Bank BPH, in connection with the ongoing litigation in Poland related to its portfolio of residential mortgage loans denominated in or indexed to foreign currencies (see Note 24), will need to be recognized (or loss estimates may increase in the future) and will require additional capital contributions. Regulatory requirements and agreements with respect to our run-off insurance operations and Bank BPH require us