insurance portfolio includes coverage where credible claim experience for higher attained ages is still emerging, and to the extent future experience deviates from current expectations, new projections of claim costs extending over the expected life of the policies may be required. Significant uncertainties exist in making projections for these long-term care insurance contracts, which requires that we consider a wide range of possible outcomes.
2024 FORM 10-K
19
The primary cash flow assumptions used in the annual review include:
Morbidity
. Morbidity assumptions used in estimating future policy benefit reserves are based on estimates of expected incidences of disability among policyholders and the costs associated with these policyholders asserting claims under their contracts, and these estimates account for any expected future morbidity improvement. For long-term care insurance exposures, estimating expected future costs includes assessments of incidence (probability of a claim), utilization (amount of available benefits expected to be incurred) and continuance (how long the claim will last, including claim terminations due to death or recovery).
Rate of Change in Morbidity
. Our review incorporates our best estimates of projected future changes in the morbidity rates reflected in our base claim incidence rates. These estimates draw upon a number of inputs, some of which are subjective, and all of which are interpreted and applied in the exercise of professional actuarial judgment in the context of the characteristics specific to our portfolios. This exercise of actuarial judgment considers factors such as the work performed by internal and external independent actuarial experts engaged to advise us in our annual review, the observed actual experience in our portfolios measured against our base assumptions, industry developments, and other trends, including advances in the state of medical care and healthcare technology development.
Terminations
. Terminations include active life mortality and lapse. Mortality assumptions used in estimating future policy benefit reserves are based on published mortality tables as adjusted for the results of our experience studies and estimates of expected future mortality improvement. Lapse refers to the rate at which the underlying policies are cancelled due to non-payment of premiums by a policyholder. Lapse rate assumptions used in estimating the present value of future policy benefit reserves are based on the results of our experience studies and reflect actuarial judgment.
Future long-term care premium rate increases
. Substantially all long-term care insurance policies that are currently premium paying allow the issuing insurance entity to increase premiums, or alternatively allow the policyholder the option to decrease benefits, with approval by state regulators, should actual experience emerge worse than what was projected when such policies were initially underwritten. As a reinsurer, we rely upon