we have an obligation to indemnify GE Vernova for certain of its severance costs, environmental matters and tax matters of $
155
million, of which $
104
million is reserved.
We also have remaining obligations under the TMA with GE HealthCare to indemnify them for certain tax costs and other indemnifications of $
55
million, which are fully reserved.
In addition, we have $
182
million of other indemnification commitments, including representations and warranties in sales of business assets, for which we recorded a liability of $
54
million.
Credit support and indemnification agreements- Discontinued Operations
. Following the separation of GE Vernova, we also have performance obligations related to GE Vernova nuclear decommissioning with a maximum aggregate exposure of $
594
million for which we are fully indemnified. Also, under the SDA, TSA and TMA agreements we have obligations to indemnify GE Vernova for costs of certain environmental matters and tax matters of $
34
million, which are fully reserved.
GE Aerospace also has obligations under the TMA to indemnify GE HealthCare for certain tax costs of $
39
million, which are fully reserved.
We also have provided specific indemnities to other buyers of assets of our business that, in the aggregate, represent a maximum potential claim of $
448
million with related reserves of $
59
million.
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
29
PRODUCT WARRANTIES.
We provide for estimated product warranty expenses when we sell the related products. Because warranty estimates are forecasts that are based on the best available information, mostly historical claims experience, claims costs may differ from amounts provided. The liability for product warranties was $
601
million and $
592
million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
LEGAL MATTERS.
The following information supplements and amends the discussion of Legal Matters in Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024; refer to that discussion for information about previously reported legal matters that are not updated below. In the normal course of our business, we are involved from time to time in various arbitrations, class actions, commercial litigation, investigations and other legal, regulatory or governmental actions, including the significant matters described below that could have a material impact on our results of operations. In many proceedings, including the specific matters described below, it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or even reasonably possible or to estimate the size or range of the possible loss, and accruals for legal matters are not recorded until a loss for a particular matter is considered probable and reasonably estimable. Given the nature of legal matters and the complexities involved, it is often difficult to predict and determine a meaningful estimate of loss or range of loss until we know, among other factors, the particular claims