tax equity investments. For further information, see Note 2, Note 12, Note 24, the MD&A section (Insurance) and Risk Factors.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT GE AEROSPACE.
GE Aerospace’s principal executive offices are at 1 Neumann Way, Evendale, OH 45215; we also maintain executive offices in Washington, DC and Norwalk, CT. GE Aerospace’s Internet address at www.geaerospace.com and Investor Relations website at www.geaerospace.com/investor-relations, as well as GE Aerospace’s LinkedIn and other social media accounts, contain a significant amount of information about GE Aerospace, including financial and other information for investors. GE Aerospace encourages investors to visit these websites as information is updated and new information is posted, as we may use our Investor Relations website and these other channels as means of disclosing material information in compliance with Regulation FD. Additional information on non-financial matters, including our Sustainability Report and other matters related to aviation, safety, environment, people and governance, is available at www.geaerospace.com/sustainability. All of such additional information referenced in this report (including the information contained in, or available through, other reports and websites) is provided as a convenience and is not incorporated by reference herein. Therefore, such information should not be considered part of this report.
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports are available, without charge, on our website, www.geaerospace.com/investor-relations/events-reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with the SEC. Copies are also available, without charge, from GE Aerospace Investor Relations. Reports filed with the SEC may be viewed at www.sec.gov.
2024 FORM 10-K
7
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (MD&A).
The consolidated financial statements of GE Aerospace are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Unless otherwise noted, tables are presented in U.S. dollars in millions. Certain columns and rows within tables may not add due to the use of rounded numbers. Percentages presented in this report are calculated from the underlying numbers in millions. Discussions throughout this MD&A are based on continuing operations unless otherwise noted. The MD&A should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and Notes to the consolidated financial statements.
In the accompanying analysis of financial information, we sometimes use information derived from consolidated financial data but not presented in our financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Certain of these data are considered “non-GAAP financial measures” under SEC rules. See the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for the reasons we use these non-GAAP financial measures and the