value and are excluded from the fair value hierarchy. These limited partnership investments are generally not eligible for redemption and generally cannot be sold without approval of the general partner. Distribution from each fund will be received as the underlying investments of the funds are liquidated at the discretion of the general partner. These investments are generally considered illiquid and our ability to receive the most recent net asset value in a sale would be determined by external market factors.
Our run-off insurance operations have approximately $
700
million of assets held by states or other regulatory bodies in statutorily required deposit accounts, and approximately $
29,800
million of assets held in trust accounts associated with reinsurance contracts and reinsurance security trust agreements in place between either Employers Reassurance Corporation (ERAC) or Union Fidelity Life Insurance Company (UFLIC) as the reinsuring entity and a number of ceding insurers. Assets in these trusts are held by an independent trustee for the benefit of the ceding insurer, and are subject to various investment guidelines as set forth in the respective reinsurance contracts and trust agreements. Some of these trust agreements may allow a ceding company to withdraw trust assets from the trust and hold these assets on its balance sheet, in an account under its control for the benefit of ERAC or UFLIC which might allow the ceding company to exercise investment control over such assets.
2024 FORM 10-K
51
NOTE 4.
CURRENT AND LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES
(a) Revenue sharing and other partner receivables are primarily amounts due from revenue sharing partners who participate in engine programs by developing and supplying certain engine components through the life of the program or other partners who support our production or aftermarket activities. The revenue sharing partners share in program revenue, receive a share of customer progress payments and share costs related to discounts and warranties.
Sales of customer receivables.
From time to time, the Company sells current or long-term receivables to third parties in response to customer-sponsored requests or programs, to facilitate sales, or for risk mitigation purposes. The Company sold current customer receivables to third parties and subsequently collected $
494
million and $
520
million
in the years ended December 31, 2024 a
nd 2023, respectively, related primarily to our participation in customer-sponsored supply chain finance programs. Within these programs, primarily in the Commercial Engines & Services business, the Company has no continuing involvement; fees associated with the transferred receivables are covered by the customer and cash is received at the original invoice value and due date.
NOTE 5.
INVENTORIES, INCLUDING DEFERRED INVENTORY COSTS
(a) Represents deferred labor and overhead costs on time and material service contracts and other costs of products and services for which the