costs we incur, excluding early-stage costs which are expensed as research and development. Capitalized nonrecurring engineering costs are included in Contract and other deferred assets in our accompanying Statement of Financial Position and are amortized to Cost of equipment sold ratably over each unit sold. We periodically assess the recoverability of capitalized nonrecurring engineering costs and if we determine the costs are no longer probable of recovery, the asset is impaired.
See Note 8 for further information.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.
Research and development includes costs incurred for experimentation, design, development and testing, as well as bid and proposal efforts related to government products and services, which are expensed as incurred unless the costs are related to certain contractual arrangements with customers. We enter certain research and development arrangements that meet the requirement for best efforts research and development accounting. Accordingly, the amounts funded by third parties are recognized as an offset to our research and development expense rather than as revenue.
COLLABORATIVE ARRANGEMENTS.
We enter into collaborative arrangements with manufacturers and suppliers of components used to build and maintain certain engines. Under these arrangements, we and our collaborative partners share in the risks and rewards of these programs through various revenue, cost and profit-sharing payment structures. We recognize revenue and costs for these arrangements based on the scope of work we are responsible for transferring to our customers.
Our net payments to participants are primarily recorded as either cost of services sold ($
4,144
million, $
3,781
million and $
2,890
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively) or as cost of equipment sold ($
784
million, $
663
million and $
658
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively).
2024 FORM 10-K
43
EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENTS.
Equity method investments are investments in entities in which we do not have a controlling financial interest, but over which we have significant influence. Significant influence typically exists if we have a 20% to 50% ownership interest in the investee. Equity method investments are assessed for other-than-temporary impairment when events occur, or circumstances change that indicate it is more likely than not the fair value of the asset is below its carrying value. If a decline in the value of an equity method investment is determined to be other than temporary, a loss is recorded in earnings in the current period. Equity method investments are recognized within All other assets in our Statement of Financial Position. Our share of the results of equity method investments is recognized within Other income (loss) in our Statement Earnings (Loss) since the activities of the investee are closely aligned with our operations. See Notes 9 and 26 for further information.
We enter into related