conflict more broadly could be harmful to global economic growth or to our business in or with China or other countries. In addition, market uncertainty and volatility in various geographies may be magnified as a result of potential shifts in U.S. and foreign trade, economic and other policies following the recent U.S. elections. We also do business in emerging market jurisdictions where economic, political and legal risks are heightened and the operating environments are complex.
Commercial aviation sector - Our financial performance is dependent on the condition of the commercial aviation sector and our partners, suppliers and customers in that sector.
A substantial portion of our business is directly tied to economic conditions in the commercial aviation sector, which has historically been cyclical in nature. Capital spending and demand for aircraft engines, aviation products and aftermarket parts and services by commercial airlines, lessors, other aircraft owners or operators and airframers are influenced by a wide variety of factors, including current and predicted traffic levels, passenger and cargo load factors, aircraft fuel prices, labor costs and other issues, airline consolidation, bankruptcies and restructuring activities, competition, the retirement of older aircraft, changes in production schedules, production capabilities and capacities of airframers, regulatory oversight and changes, environmental regulations, terrorism and related security concerns, aircraft safety incidents, general economic conditions, tightening of credit in financial markets, corporate profitability, cost reduction efforts and remaining performance obligations levels. Any of these factors could have a negative impact on new orders or on our agreements for the sale of our products and services given the long-term nature of those arrangements and could reduce our sales and profit margins. Other factors, including future terrorist actions, aviation safety concerns, public health crises or major natural disasters, could also dramatically reduce the demand for commercial air travel, which could negatively impact our sales and profit margins. Supply chain capacity shortfalls and disruptions, including for new parts and services, continue to pose challenges and risks for our business as well as other industry participants. Developments that reduce the flying public’s demand for travel could adversely affect future growth in commercial air traffic capacity and the demand for or profitability of our products and services. Additionally, because a substantial portion of product deliveries to commercial aviation customers are scheduled for delivery in the future, changes in economic conditions can cause customers to request that orders be rescheduled or canceled. Spare parts sales and aftermarket service trends are affected by similar factors, including usage, pricing, technological improvements, regulatory changes and the retirement of older aircraft. Furthermore,