modify, curtail or terminate their contracts and subcontracts with us either at their convenience or for default based on performance. In the event of termination for convenience, we typically would be entitled to payment for work completed and allowable termination or cancellation costs. In the event of termination for default, typically the government customer would pay only for the work that has been accepted and could require us to pay the net cost to re-procure the contract items, in addition to seeking damages. Our U.S. government contracts are subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), as well as department-specific implementing regulations such as the U.S. Department of Defense’s Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) and other applicable laws and regulations, which set forth policies, procedures and requirements for the acquisition of goods and services by the U.S. government. These regulations impose a broad range of requirements, many of which are unique to government contracting, including various procurement, import and export, security, contract pricing and cost, contract termination and adjustment, audit, product integrity and government accounting requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in contract withholds, cost or price reductions, civil and criminal penalties, contract modifications or terminations and loss of eligibility to perform government contracts.
Environmental.
Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including the discharge, treatment, storage, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and wastes. These laws and regulations require ongoing environmental compliance expenditures and over time can lead to increased energy and raw materials costs and new or additional investment in designs and technologies. We regularly assess our compliance status and management of environmental matters, and the investigation, remediation and operation and maintenance costs associated with environmental compliance and management of sites are a normal, recurring part of our operations. In addition to our ongoing business operations, environmental laws and regulations apply to the legacy portfolio of environmental remediation sites that GE Aerospace retained following the separations of GE Vernova and GE HealthCare. Laws and regulations in response to climate change that relate to emissions from air travel can also have direct or indirect impacts on our business, including from increased costs to airlines that fly aircraft powered by our engines.
LEGACY BUSINESSES.
We retain some legacy business operations related to the Company’s long history across many different industries. These include operations related to the Company’s former financial services business, including continued exposure to the run-off insurance operations, the mortgage portfolio in Poland (Bank BPH) and certain U.S.