manufacturing facilities, overhaul facilities and our supply chain to increase production and strengthen yield in order to improve delivery to our customers. We continue to partner with our suppliers to improve material input, and work with our customers to calibrate future production rates. We are leveraging FLIGHT DECK and partnering with suppliers to improve material input and proactively manage the impact of inflationary pressure by driving cost productivity and adjusting the pricing of our products and services. We expect the impact of supply chain constraints and inflation will continue, and we are continuing to take action to mitigate the impacts.
We support efforts to revitalize domestic manufacturing and are investing $1 billion in U.S manufacturing this year and hiring 5,000 U.S workers. At the same time, we support promoting free and fair trade that ensures the continued strength of the U.S aerospace industry.
As we operate in a highly dynamic tariff environment, we are focused on continuing to deliver our products and services to our customers. Given our global business, tariffs will result in additional cost for us and our suppliers. We are optimizing operations and leveraging existing programs and strategies to reduce the impact from tariffs. Additionally, we are taking measures to control cost and implementing pricing actions to primarily mitigate the remaining impact.
CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
For the three months ended March 31, 2025
, total revenue increased $1.0 billion, or 11%, compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024. Equipment revenue increased, driven by improved customer mix and pricing. Services revenue increased, primarily due to increased spare parts volume, increased internal shop visit volume and shop visit workscope.
4
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
For the three months ended March 31, 2025
, continuing net income increased $0.2 billion compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024, driven by an increase in segment profit of $0.5 billion and decreases of $0.2 billion in separation costs and $0.1 billion in restructuring and other charges. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in gains on retained and sold ownership interests of $0.6 billion, primarily related to our prior investment in GE HealthCare. Adjusted net income* was $1.6 billion, an increase of $0.6 billion, due to an increase in segment profit of $0.5 billion and a decrease in Adjusted Corporate & Other operating costs* of $0.1 billion.
Profit was $2.2 billion, an increase of $0.3 billion. Profit margin was 22.6%, an increase from 22.2%. Operating profit* was $2.1 billion, an increase of $0.6 billion. Operating profit margin* was 23.8%, an increase of 460 basis points. Adjusted EPS* was $1.49, an increase of 60%.
As of March 31, 2025
, RPO increased $1.0 billion, or 1%, from December 31, 2024, at Defense & Propulsion Technologies and Commercial Engines and Services, primarily from equipment orders outpacing revenue recognized.
SEGMENT OPERATIONS