including activities for a variety of matters related to GE businesses that have been discontinued or exited. We record reserves for obligations for ongoing and future environmental remediation activities, such as the Housatonic River cleanup, and for additional liabilities we expect to incur in connection with previously remediated sites, such as natural resource damages for the Hudson River where GE completed dredging in 2019. Additionally, like many other industrial companies, we and our subsidiaries are defendants in various lawsuits related to alleged exposure by workers and others to asbestos or other hazardous materials. Liabilities for environmental remediation and worker exposure claims exclude possible insurance recoveries. It is reasonably possible that our exposure will exceed amounts accrued. However, due to uncertainties about the status of laws, regulations, technology and information related to individual sites and lawsuits, such amounts are not reasonably estimable. Total reserves related to environmental remediation and worker exposure claims were $
2,003
million and $
1,819
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Expenditures
for site remediation and worker exposure claims amounted to approximately $
175
million, $
246
million and $
195
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We presently expect that such expenditures will be approximately $
225
million and $
225
million in 2025 and 2026, respectively.
NOTE 25.
SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION & REMAINING PERFORMANCE OBLIGATION
SEGMENT INFORMATION.
On April 2, 2024, and in conjunction with the GE Vernova separation, we implemented an organizational change to align our reportable segments more closely with our business structure. In connection with our segment reporting change, we have recast previously reported amounts across all reportable segments to conform to current segment presentation.
We have
two
reportable segments and
three
operating segments. Operating segments are aggregated into a reportable segment if the operating segments have similar quantitative economic characteristics and if the operating segments are similar in the following qualitative characteristics: (i) nature of products and services; (ii) nature of production processes; (iii) type or class of customer for their products and services; (iv) methods used to distribute the products or provide services; and (v) if applicable, the nature of the regulatory environment. We have aggregated Defense & Systems and Propulsion & Additive Technology into
one
reportable segment (Defense & Propulsion Technologies) based on similarity in economic characteristics, other qualitative factors and the objectives and principals of ASC 280, Segment Reporting. This is consistent with how our chief operating decision maker (CODM), who is our Chief Executive Officer (CEO), allocates resources and makes decisions. Segment accounting policies are the same as described and