activities of discontinued operations
was $1.9 billion in 2023, a decrease of $6.1 billion compared to 2022, primarily driven by lower long-term debt issuances of $6.3 billion at GE HealthCare in connection with the spin-off in 2022.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES.
Accounting estimates and assumptions discussed in this section are those that we consider to be the most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because they involve significant judgments and uncertainties. Actual results in these areas could differ from management's estimates. See Note 1 for further information on our most significant accounting policies.
*Non-GAAP Financial Measure
16
2024 FORM 10-K
REVENUE RECOGNITION ON LONG-TERM SERVICES AGREEMENTS.
We enter into long-term services agreements with our customers, predominantly within the CES segment, that require us to maintain the customers’ assets over the contract terms, which generally range from 5 to 25 years. Contract modifications that extend or revise contracts are not uncommon. We recognize revenue as we perform under the arrangements using the percentage of completion method which is based on our costs incurred to date relative to our estimate of total expected costs. This requires us to make estimates of customer payments expected to be received over the current contract term as well as the costs to perform required maintenance services.
Our rights to consideration for these arrangements are generally based on the utilization of the asset (e.g., per hour of usage) and contractual payment terms are based on either periodic billing schedules or upon the occurrence of a maintenance event, such as an overhaul. As a result, a significant estimate in determining expected revenue of a contract is estimating how customers will utilize their assets over the term of the agreement. The estimate of utilization, which can change over the contract life, impacts both the amount of customer payments we expect to receive and our estimate of future contract costs. Customers' asset utilization will influence the timing and extent of overhauls and other service events over the life of the contract. We generally use a combination of both historical utilization trends as well as forward-looking information such as market conditions and potential asset retirements in developing our revenue estimates.
To develop our cost estimates, we consider the timing and extent of future maintenance and overhaul events, including the frequency of maintenance events and cost of labor, spare parts and other resources required to perform the maintenance. In developing our cost estimates, we utilize a combination of our historical cost experience and expected cost improvements. Cost improvements are only included in future cost estimates after savings have been observed in actual results or proven effective through an extensive regulatory or engineering approval process.
We routinely review estimates and revise them to adjust for changes in