information about our income tax provisions, is provided in Critical Accounting Estimates and Note 15.
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
primarily comprise our former GE Vernova and GE HealthCare businesses, our mortgage portfolio in Poland (Bank BPH) and other trailing assets and liabilities associated with prior dispositions. Results of operations, financial position and cash flows for these businesses are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented and the notes to the financial statements have been adjusted on a retrospective basis. See Note 2 for further information regarding our businesses in discontinued operations.
CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY
FINANCIAL POLICY
. GE Aerospace is committed to maintaining strong investment grade ratings with a disciplined capital allocation strategy. The Company will continue to invest in future growth and innovation through research and development and capital expenditures. We intend to return a majority of our free cash flow* to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Merger and acquisition investments will be pursued in a disciplined way and focused on those that offer strategic, operational and financial synergies.
LIQUIDITY POLICY.
We maintain a strong focus on liquidity and define our liquidity risk tolerance based on sources and uses to maintain a sufficient liquidity position to meet our business needs and financial obligations under both normal and stressed conditions. We believe that our consolidated liquidity and availability under our revolving credit facilities will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs.
CONSOLIDATED LIQUIDITY.
Our primary sources of liquidity consist of cash and cash equivalents, free cash flow* from our operating businesses, and access to capital markets. If needed, we can also draw from short-term borrowing facilities, including revolving credit facilities. Cash generation can be subject to variability based on many factors, including receipt of down payments on large equipment orders, timing of billings on long-term contracts, timing of customer allowances and market conditions. Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash was $13.6 billion at December 31, 2024, of which $4.4 billion was held in the U.S. and $9.2 billion was held outside the U.S.
Cash held in non-U.S. entities has generally been reinvested in active foreign business operations; however, substantially all of our unrepatriated earnings were subject to U.S. federal tax and, if there is a change in reinvestment, we would expect to be able to repatriate available cash (excluding amounts held in countries with currency controls) without significant tax cost.
*Non-GAAP Financial Measure
2024 FORM 10-K
13
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at December 31, 2024 included $0.4 billion of cash held in countries with currency control restrictions. Cash held in countries with currency controls represents amounts held in countries that may restrict the transfer of funds to the U.S.