leases at the inception of such arrangements. Specifically, we consider whether we can control the underlying asset and have the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits or outputs from the asset. At lease commencement, we record a lease liability and corresponding right-of-use (ROU) asset. Options to extend or terminate the lease are included as part of the ROU lease asset and liability when it is reasonably certain the Company will exercise the option. We have elected to include lease and non-lease components in determining our lease liability for all leased assets except our vehicle leases. Non-lease components are generally services that the lessor performs for the Company associated with the leased asset. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, the present value of our lease liability is determined using our incremental collateralized borrowing rate at lease inception. We determine our incremental borrowing rate through market sources including relevant industry rates. For leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, an ROU asset and lease liability is not recognized and lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. We test ROU assets whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the asset may be impaired.
GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS.
We test goodwill at least annually for impairment at the reporting unit level. When testing goodwill for impairment, the Company may first assess qualitative factors. If an initial qualitative assessment identifies that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, additional quantitative testing is performed. The Company may also elect to forego the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to quantitative testing.
We recognize an impairment charge if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. When a portion of a reporting unit is disposed, goodwill is allocated to the gain or loss on disposition based on the relative fair values of the business or businesses disposed and the portion of the reporting unit that will be retained.
For other intangible assets that are not deemed indefinite-lived, cost is generally amortized on a straight-line basis over the asset’s estimated economic life, except for individually significant customer-related intangible assets that are amortized in relation to total related sales. Amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. In these circumstances, they are tested for impairment based on undiscounted cash flows and, if impaired, written down to estimated fair value based on either discounted cash flows or appraised values.
See Note 7 for further information.
DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING.
We use derivatives to manage a variety of risks, including risks related to interest rates, foreign exchange, certain