brought by individual borrowers seeking relief related to their foreign currency indexed or denominated mortgage loans in various courts throughout Poland. For a number of years, we have observed an increase in the total number of lawsuits being brought against Bank BPH and other banks in Poland by current and former borrowers, and we expect this to continue in future reporting periods. As previously reported, GE and Bank BPH approved the adoption of a settlement program and recorded an additional charge of $
1,014
million in the quarter ended June 30, 2023. The estimate of total losses for borrower litigation at Bank BPH was $
2,449
million and $
2,461
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. This estimate accounts for the costs associated with borrowers who we estimate will participate in the settlement program, as well as estimates for the results of litigation with other borrowers, which in either case can exceed the value of the current loan balance, and represents our best estimate of the total losses we expect to incur over time informed by experience since adopting the program. However, there are a number of factors that could affect the estimate in the future; refer to the disclosure about Bank BPH in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,2024.
ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY MATTERS
.
Our operations involve or have involved the use, disposal and cleanup of substances regulated under environmental protection laws, including activities for a variety of matters related to GE businesses that have been discontinued or exited. We record reserves for obligations for ongoing and future environmental remediation activities, such as the Housatonic River cleanup, and for additional liabilities we expect to incur in connection with previously remediated sites, such as natural resource damages for the Hudson River where GE completed dredging in 2019. Additionally, like many other industrial companies, we and our subsidiaries are defendants in various lawsuits related to alleged exposure by workers and others to asbestos or other hazardous materials. Liabilities for environmental remediation and worker exposure claims exclude possible insurance recoveries. It is reasonably possible that our exposure will exceed amounts accrued. However, due to uncertainties about the status of laws, regulations, technology and information related to individual sites and lawsuits, such amounts are not reasonably estimable.
Total reserves related to environmental remediation and worker exposure claims were $
2,021
million and $
2,003
million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 respectively.
30
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
NOTE 23.
SEGMENT INFORMATION & REMAINING PERFORMANCE OBLIGATION.
We have
two
reportable segments and
three
operating segments. Operating segments are aggregated into a reportable segment if the operating segments have similar quantitative economic characteristics and if the operating segments are similar in