wide range of raw materials, commodities, components, parts, MRO services and other indirect spend. Our supply chain is complex and extends into many different countries and regions around the world. We depend on the ability of our suppliers and partners to meet quality standards, performance specifications and delivery schedules at our anticipated costs. In some cases, we also must comply with specific procurement requirements that limit the suppliers and subcontractors we may utilize. Some of our suppliers or their sub-suppliers are limited- or sole-source suppliers, and our ability to meet our obligations to customers depends on the product quality, performance, continued product availability and stability of such suppliers. We employ a number of strategies focused on continuity of supply of raw materials, including monitoring geopolitical and geographical changes and developing counteractions in response to identified risks, evaluating alternate materials and sources and working with suppliers to secure both short- and long-term capacity. Partnering with suppliers, leveraging FLIGHT DECK, we are working to improve material input, supporting our deliveries across internal shop visits, spare part sales and equipment. We operate in a supply-constrained environment that has impacted our industry for the past several years. See the MD&A section for additional discussion of these dynamics.
COMPETITION.
The markets in which we operate are highly competitive in terms of pricing, product and service quality, durability and reliability, product development and introduction time, intellectual property, customer service, financing terms, the ability to respond to shifts in market demand and the ability to attract and retain skilled talent. We compete with other global engine manufacturers in sales of commercial and defense engines and services. Key competitors in commercial engine services also include third-party MRO shops. In DPT, we compete against a range of U.S. and non-U.S. companies or groups for contract and subcontract awards by governments and their prime contractors. Customer selections for aircraft engines, components and systems can also have a significant impact on future sales of parts and services over the life of an engine platform. Competitors may offer substantial discounts and other financial incentives, performance and operating cost guarantees and participation in financing arrangements in an effort to secure an installed base that establishes aftermarket sales associated with these products.
REGULATORY MATTERS.
As an aerospace and defense company, we are subject to a wide range of U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. laws and regulations related to our products, services and business operations, including the significant areas of law and regulation summarized below that can apply to our business directly and indirectly. Like other industrial manufacturing companies that operate globally in high-tech sectors, we face significant