reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND ENVIRONMENT.
As a global aerospace company, our worldwide operations can be affected by industrial, economic, and political factors on both a regional and global level. Demand for our equipment and services is demonstrated by our backlog of engine orders and services and growth in our installed base, and tends to follow commercial air travel and freight demand and government funding for defense budgets. We also expect a significant ramp in our delivery of engine units and services for newer product platforms in the years ahead to meet this demand. Refer to the Segment Operations sections for Commercial Engines & Services and Defense & Propulsion Technologies below for additional detail about these dynamics for our commercial and defense businesses, respectively.
Global material availability and supplier delivery performance continue to cause disruptions and have impacted our production and delivery of equipment and services to our customers. We are investing in our manufacturing facilities, overhaul facilities and our supply chain to increase production and strengthen yield in order to improve delivery to our customers. We continue to partner with our suppliers to improve material input, and work with our customers to calibrate future production rates. We are leveraging FLIGHT DECK and partnering with suppliers to improve material input and proactively manage the impact of inflationary pressure by driving cost productivity and adjusting the pricing of our products and services. We expect the impact of supply chain constraints and inflation will continue, and we are continuing to take action to mitigate the impacts.
Given the significant business we have with airframers and many airlines, challenges affecting the commercial aviation industry or key participants can adversely impact the demand for our products and services, the timing of orders, deliveries and related payments and other factors. We are monitoring the production and other challenges at The Boeing Company, and we continue to align with them on production expectations and assess potential impacts to our business. The Boeing worker's strike, resolved in the fourth quarter of 2024, had no significant impact to our revenue, earnings and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2024.
CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
, total revenue increased $3.4 billion, or 9%, compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. Equipment revenue increased, driven by improved pricing and favorable customer and product mix. Services revenue increased, primarily due to
higher spare parts volume, improved pricing and increased internal shop visit workscope
.
For the year ended December 31, 2023,
total revenue increased $6.2 billion, or 21%, compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. Equipment revenue increased, driven by higher commercial install and spare engine unit shipments. Services