involved, the likelihood of success of our defenses to those claims, the damages or other relief sought, how discovery or other procedural considerations will affect the outcome, the settlement posture of other parties and other factors that may have a material effect on the outcome. For these matters, unless otherwise specified, we do not believe it is possible to provide a meaningful estimate of loss at this time. Moreover, it is not uncommon for legal matters to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be continuously evaluated.
Shareholder and related lawsuits.
Since November 2017, several putative shareholder class actions under the federal securities laws were filed against GE and certain affiliated individuals and consolidated into a single action currently pending in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (the Hachem case, also referred to as the Sjunde AP-Fonden case). The complaint against defendants GE and current and former GE executive officers alleged violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 related to insurance reserves and accounting for long-term service agreements and seeks damages on behalf of shareholders who acquired GE stock between February 27, 2013 and January 23, 2018. GE filed a motion to dismiss in December 2019. In January 2021, the court granted the motion to dismiss as to the majority of the claims. Specifically, the court dismissed all claims related to insurance reserves, as well as all claims related to accounting for long-term service agreements, with the exception of certain claims about historic disclosures related to factoring in the Power business that survive as to GE and its former CFO Jeffrey S. Bornstein. All other individual defendants have been dismissed from the case. In April 2022, the court granted the plaintiffs' motion for class certification for shareholders who acquired stock between February 26, 2016 and January 23, 2018. In September 2022, GE filed a motion for summary judgment on the plaintiffs' remaining claims, which the court denied in September 2023, except as to claims arising from disclosures made between November 2017 and January 2018. In April 2024, the court scheduled a trial date for November 2024. Consistent with the settlement in principle that we reported in October 2024, we signed an agreement with the plaintiffs in December 2024 to settle the matter for $
362.5
million, which we have deposited into an escrow account controlled by plaintiffs’ counsel. Final settlement of the matter is subject to court approval. The court granted preliminary approval of the settlement in January 2025 and the final settlement hearing is scheduled for April 24, 2025.
Bank BPH
. As previously reported, Bank BPH, along with other Polish banks, has been subject to ongoing litigation in Poland related to its portfolio of floating rate residential mortgage loans, with cases