subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies that require ongoing compliance efforts. There can be no assurance that laws, regulations and policies will not be changed or interpreted or enforced in ways that will require us to modify our business models and objectives or affect our returns on investments by restricting existing activities and products, subjecting them to escalating costs or prohibiting them
32
2024 FORM 10-K
outright. In particular, recent trends globally toward increased protectionism, import and export controls, required licenses or authorizations to engage in business with certain countries or entities, the use of tariffs, restrictions on outbound investment and other trade barriers can result in actions by governments around the world that have been and may continue to be disruptive and costly to our business, and can interfere with our global operating model and weaken our competitive position. In addition, changes in environmental and climate change laws, regulations or policies (including emissions pricing and taxes, emissions standards or sustainable finance, among others) affecting the aerospace and defense sector could lead to additional costs or compliance requirements, a need for additional investment in product designs, require carbon offset investments or otherwise negatively impact our business or competitive position. Other legislative and regulatory areas of significance for our business that U.S. and non-U.S. governments have focused and continue to focus on include cybersecurity, data privacy and sovereignty, artificial intelligence, anti-corruption, competition law, public procurement law, compliance with complex trade controls and economic sanctions laws, technical regulations or local content requirements that could result in market access criteria that our products cannot or do not meet, restrictions related to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), foreign exchange intervention in response to currency volatility and currency controls that could restrict the movement of liquidity from particular jurisdictions. Potential changes to tax laws, including changes to taxation of global income, may have an effect on our subsidiaries’ structure, operations, sales, liquidity, cash flows, capital requirements, effective tax rate and performance. For example, legislative or regulatory measures by U.S. federal, state or non-U.S. governments, or rules, interpretations or audits under new or existing tax laws such as global minimum taxes or other changes to the treatment of global income, could increase our cash tax costs and effective tax rate. Regulation or government scrutiny may impact the requirements for marketing our products and slow our ability to introduce new products, resulting in an adverse impact on our business. Furthermore, we make sales to U.S. and non-U.S. governments and other public sector customers, and we participate in various