future policy benefit reserves are also discounted using an upper-medium grade (i.e., low credit risk) fixed-income instrument yield reflecting the duration characteristics of the liabilities and is updated each reporting period with changes recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI). As a result, changes in the current discount rate at each reporting period are recognized as an adjustment to AOCI and not earnings each period, whereas, changes relating to cash flow assumptions are recognized in the Statement of Earnings (Loss).
Liabilities for investment contracts equal the account value, that is, the amount that accrues to the benefit of the contract or policyholder including credited interest and assessments through the financial statement date.
See Note 12 for further information.
POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS.
We sponsor a number of pension and retiree health and life insurance benefit plans that we present in three categories, principal pension plans, other pension plans and principal retiree benefit plans. We use a December 31 measurement date for these plans. On our Statement of Financial Position, we measure our plan assets at fair value and the obligations at the present value of the estimated payments to plan participants. Participants earn benefits based on their service and pay. Those estimated future payment amounts are determined based on assumptions. Differences between our actual results and what we assumed are recorded in a separate component of equity each period. These differences are amortized into earnings over the remaining average future service of active employees or the expected life of inactive participants, as applicable, who participate in the plan.
See Note 13 for further information.
LOSS CONTINGENCIES.
Loss contingencies are existing conditions, situations or circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible loss that will ultimately be resolved when future events occur or fail to occur. Such contingencies include, but are not limited to environmental obligations, litigation, regulatory investigations and proceedings, product quality and losses resulting from other events and developments. When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. When there appears to be a range of possible costs with equal likelihood, liabilities are based on the low-end of such range. Disclosure is provided for material loss contingencies when a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, and when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. We regularly review contingencies to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of loss can be made.
See Note 24 for further information.
SUPPLY CHAIN FINANCE PROGRAMS.
We evaluate supply chain finance programs to ensure where we use