the primary insurers that issued the underlying policies to file proposed premium rate increases on those policies with the relevant state insurance regulators. While we have no direct ability to seek or to institute such premium rate increases, we often collaborate with the primary insurers in accordance with reinsurance contractual terms to file proposed premium rate increases. The amount of times that rate increases have occurred varies by ceding company. We consider recent experience of rate increase filings made by our ceding companies along with state insurance regulatory processes and precedents in establishing our current expectations.
Included in Insurance losses and annuity benefits in our Statement of Earnings (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, are favorable and unfavorable pre-tax adjustments of $196 million and $(155) million, respectively, from updating the net premium ratio (i.e., the percentage of projected gross premiums required to cover expected policy benefits and related expenses) after updating for actual historical experience each quarter and updating of future cash flow assumptions in the third quarter of each year.
Sensitivities.
The following table provides sensitivities with respect to the impact of changes of key cash flow assumptions underlying our future policy benefit reserves using the locked-in discount rate assumption and have been estimated across the entire product line rather than at an individual cohort level. As our insurance operations are in run-off, the locked-in discount rate is used for the computation of interest accretion on future policy benefit reserves. Many of our assumptions, which are based on our credible experience, are interdependent and require evaluation individually and in the aggregate across all insurance products. Small changes in the amounts used in the sensitivities could result in materially different outcomes from those reflected below. In addition, the effects of changes to cash flow assumptions underlying our future policy benefit reserves may be partially or wholly reflected in the period in which the assumptions are changed and/or over future periods and may vary across cohorts.
20
2024 FORM 10-K
While higher assumed inflation, holding all other assumptions constant, would result in unfavorable impacts to the projected present value of future cash flows in the table above, it would be expected to be mitigated by more long-term care insurance policies reaching contractual daily or monthly benefit caps and by increased investment income from higher portfolio yields.
Our run-off insurance subsidiaries are required to prepare statutory financial statements in accordance with statutory accounting practices. Statutory accounting practices are set forth by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners as well as state laws, regulation and general administrative rules and can differ in certain respects from GAAP and would result in several of the sensitivities