fires, heat waves and mud slides, and by chronic changes in weather patterns, such as temperature increases, drought and sea level rise. These events could damage our and our suppliers’ facilities, products and other assets, and cause disruptions to our business and operations, supply chain and distribution networks, and the businesses of our customers, and could require an increase in expenditures to improve climate resiliency of our operations. Any of the foregoing could materially decrease our revenue and materially increase our costs and expenses.
Inorganic investments - Our success in meeting strategic, operational and financial objectives can depend on our performance in evaluating and executing on acquisitions, integrations, dispositions, joint ventures and other inorganic investments.
With respect to acquisitions and business integrations, dispositions, separations, joint ventures and other inorganic investments, we may not complete announced transactions on a timely basis or at all, including as a result of regulatory approvals, achieve expected returns, financial or operational synergies or other benefits on a timely basis or at all as a result of changes in strategy, integration challenges, investment risk or other factors. Acquisitions may require us to use more financial, operational and other resources on integration and implementation activities than we expect, and we may not be able to successfully integrate the businesses or assets acquired into our existing operations or realize the expected economic or operational benefits of the acquisition. Further, acquired businesses may present risks and unforeseen difficulties that can arise in integrating operations and systems and in retaining and assimilating employees. Declines in the value of equity interests or other assets that we sell can diminish the cash proceeds that we realize, and our ability and timing to sell can depend on market conditions, the liquidity of the relevant asset or other restrictions. We may dispose of businesses or assets at a price or on terms that are less favorable than we had anticipated, or with purchase price adjustments or the exclusion of assets or liabilities that must be divested, managed or run off separately. Dispositions or other business separations also often involve continued financial or operational involvement in the divested business, such as through continuing equity ownership, retained assets or liabilities, transition services agreements, commercial agreements, guarantees, indemnities or other current or contingent financial or operational obligations or liabilities. Under these arrangements, performance by the divested businesses or other conditions outside our control could materially affect our future financial results. Evaluating or executing on all types of potential or planned portfolio transactions can divert senior management time and resources from other pursuits. We also participate in a number of joint ventures with other