achieved through the Company's pro-rata distribution of all the outstanding shares of GE Vernova to holders of the Company's common stock. In connection with the GE Vernova separation, the historical results of GE Vernova and certain assets and liabilities included in the separation are reported in GE Aerospace consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations. In addition, the Company contributed $
515
million of cash to fund GE Vernova’s future operations such that GE Vernova’s cash balance on the date of separation was $
4,242
million.
We have continuing involvement with GE Vernova primarily through ongoing sales of products, a transition services agreement, through which GE Aerospace and GE Vernova continue to provide certain services to each other for a period of time following the separation, a separation and distribution agreement, including performance and financial guarantees, a tax matters agreement and a trademark licensing agreement. For the nine months (post separation) ended December 31, 2024, we had direct and indirect sales of $
248
million to GE Vernova, primarily related to engine sales and parts. We collected net cash of $
943
million related to the transition services agreement and sales of engines and parts in 2024.
GE HealthCare.
On January 3, 2023, we completed the previously announced separation of our HealthCare business, into a separate, independent, publicly traded company, GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. (GE HealthCare). The separation was structured as a tax-free spin-off and was achieved through the Company's pro-rata distribution of approximately
80.1
% of the outstanding shares of GE HealthCare to holders of the Company's common stock. In connection with the separation, the historical results of GE HealthCare and certain assets and liabilities included in the separation are reported in GE Aerospace consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations.
We have continuing involvement with GE HealthCare primarily through a transition services agreement, through which GE Aerospace and GE HealthCare continue to provide certain services to each other for a period of time following the separation, a tax matters agreement and a trademark licensing agreement. For the year ended December 31, 2024, we collected net cash of $
230
million related to these activities. As of December 31, 2024, the transition services agreement was completed.
Bank BPH
.  As previously reported, Bank BPH, along with other Polish banks, has been subject to ongoing litigation in Poland related to its portfolio of floating rate residential mortgage loans, with cases brought by individual borrowers seeking relief related to their foreign currency indexed or denominated mortgage loans in various courts throughout Poland. As previously reported, a settlement program was adopted and we recorded a charge of $
1,014
million in the quarter ended June 30, 2023. The estimate of total losses for borrower litigation at Bank BPH was $
2,461