Accordingly, our operations and execution are subject to the effects of global economic trends, geopolitical risks and demand or supply shocks from events such as war or international conflict, a major terrorist attack, natural disasters or actual or threatened public health pandemics or other emergencies. Our operations and performance are also affected by local and regional economic environments, supply chain constraints and policies in the U.S. and other markets that we serve, including factors such as inflationary pressures in many markets, interest rates, economic growth rates, the availability of skilled labor, monetary policy, exchange rates, currency volatility, commodity prices and sovereign debt levels. For example, inflationary or other pressures that cause our material or labor costs to increase can adversely affect our profitability and cash flows, particularly when we are unable to increase customer contract values or pricing to offset those pressures. Deterioration of economic conditions or outlooks, such as lower rates of investment, lower economic growth, recession or fears of recession in the U.S., China, Europe or other key markets, may adversely affect the demand for or profitability of our products and services, and the impact from developments outside the U.S. on our business performance can be significant given the extent of our global activities. Increased geopolitical tensions and outbreaks of armed conflict can also adversely impact our business, both directly or by adversely affecting economic activity globally or in particular regions or countries. For example, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in early 2022 and related political and economic consequences, such as sanctions and other measures imposed by the European Union, the U.S. and other countries and organizations in response, have caused and may continue to cause disruption and instability in global markets, supply chains and industries that negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and pose reputational risks. More recently, there is risk of wider conflict in the Middle East that could have significant adverse impacts on the region and business activity in addition to the humanitarian and other consequences of the current conflict. Further, political changes and trends such as populism, protectionism, economic nationalism and sentiment toward multinational companies, as well as tariffs, export controls, restrictions on outbound investment or other trade barriers, sanctions, technical or local content regulations, currency controls or changes to tax or other laws and policies, have been and may continue to be disruptive and costly to our business. These can interfere with our global operating model, supply chain, production costs, customer relationships and competitive position. Escalation of tariffs or any other specific trade tensions, including intensified decoupling between the U.S. and China, or in global trade