likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. Disclosure is provided for material loss contingencies when a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, and when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. We regularly review contingencies to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of loss can be made. See Note 24 for further information.
OTHER ITEMS
INSURANCE.
Our run-off insurance operations include Employers Reassurance Corporation (ERAC) and Union Fidelity Life Insurance Company (UFLIC). ERAC primarily assumed long-term care insurance and life insurance from numerous cedents under various types of reinsurance treaties and stopped accepting new policies after 2008. UFLIC primarily assumed long-term care insurance, structured settlement annuities with and without life contingencies and variable annuities from Genworth Financial Inc. (Genworth) and has been closed to new business since 2004.
Key Portfolio Characteristics
Long-term care insurance contracts.
The long-term care insurance contracts we reinsure provide coverage at varying levels of benefits to policyholders and may include attributes (e.g., lifetime benefit periods, inflation protection options, and joint life policies) that could result in claimants being on claim for longer periods or at higher daily claim costs, or alternatively limiting the premium paying period, compared to contracts with a lower level of benefits. Presented in the table below are reserve balances and key attributes of our long-term care insurance portfolio.
18
2024 FORM 10-K
(a)    Pending completion of our December 31, 2024 statutory reporting process.
Structured settlement annuities.
We reinsure approximately 23,400 structured settlement annuities with an average attained age of 57. Approximately 27% of these structured settlement annuities were underwritten on impaired lives (i.e., shorter-than-average life expectancies) at origination and have projected payments extending decades into the future. Our primary risks associated with these contracts include mortality (i.e., life expectancy or longevity), mortality improvement (i.e., assumed rate that mortality is expected to reduce over time), which may extend the duration of payments on life contingent contracts beyond our estimates, and reinvestment risk (i.e., a low interest rate environment). Unlike long-term care insurance, structured settlement annuities offer no ability to require additional premiums or reduce benefits.
Life Insurance contracts.
Our life reinsurance business typically covers the mortality risk associated with various types of life insurance policies that we reinsure from approximately 150 ceding company relationships where we pay a benefit based on the death of a covered life. At December 31, 2024, across our U.S. and