Company. Most of these earnings have been reinvested in active non-U.S. business operations. We reassess reinvestment of earnings on an ongoing basis.
We evaluate the recoverability of deferred income tax assets by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies, which rely on reasonable estimates. We use our historical experience and our short- and long-range business forecasts to provide insight. Further, our global and diversified business portfolio gives us the opportunity to employ various prudent and feasible tax planning strategies to facilitate the recoverability of future deductions. Amounts recorded for deferred tax assets related to non-U.S. net operating losses, net of valuation allowances, were $0.5 billion and $1.0 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Of this, an insignificant amount and $0.6 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023 respectively, were associated with losses reported in discontinued operations, primarily related to our GE Vernova, GE HealthCare and legacy financial services businesses. See Other Consolidated Information – Income Taxes section and Notes 1 and 15 for further information.
LOSS CONTINGENCIES.
Loss contingencies are existing conditions, situations or circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible loss that will ultimately be resolved when future events occur or fail to occur. Such contingencies include, but are not limited to, environmental, health and safety matters, litigation, regulatory investigations and proceedings, government contracts, employee benefit plans, product quality guarantees and losses resulting from other events and developments. In particular, the design, development, production and support of aerospace products is inherently complex and subject to risk. Technical issues associated with these products may arise in the normal course and may result in financial impacts, including increased warranty provisions, customer contract settlements, and changes in contract performance estimates. When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. When there appears to be a range of possible costs with equal likelihood, liabilities are based on the low-end of such range. However, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and negotiations with or decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. Moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be continuously evaluated to determine both the