small group of large original equipment manufacturers, as well as large airlines in various geographies. We have significant business with, and credit exposure to, some of our largest customers and accordingly our performance can be adversely affected by challenges that individual customers or the industry faces related to factors such as competition, regulatory oversight and certifications, the need for cost reduction, financial stability and soundness, supply chain or labor shortages or disruptions, the cost of jet fuel, the availability of aircraft leasing and financing alternatives, interest rates, the retirement of older aircraft and other dynamics affecting the original equipment and aftermarket service markets, or by a significant disruption of air travel demand. Further, changes in the relative value of various national currencies (especially the reduction in the valuation of a home currency against the value of currencies used to purchase and maintain aircraft and aircraft engines) may impact our customers and other industry participants. Existing or potential customers may delay or cancel plans to purchase our products and services and may not be able to fulfill their obligations to us in a timely fashion or at all as a result of business deterioration, cash flow shortages or difficulty obtaining funding or due to macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical disruptions, changes in law or other challenges that they
2024 FORM 10-K
31
face. The airline industry has historically been highly cyclical, and sustained economic growth and political stability in both developed and emerging markets are principal factors underlying long-term air traffic growth; the current macroeconomic and geopolitical environment and the potential for recession or armed conflict pose risks to the rate of that growth. A potential future disruption in connection with a terrorist incident, war, cyberattack, actual or threatened public health pandemic or emergency or recessionary economic environment that results in the loss of business and leisure traffic could also adversely affect our customers, their ability to fulfill their obligations to us in a timely fashion or at all, demand for our products and services and the viability of a customer’s business. (See also Risk Factors - Commercial aviation sector.) In addition, our customers include governmental entities within and outside the U.S., including the U.S. federal government. Sustained and increased funding from government customers supports research, new product development, production and aftermarket business for our defense business, and a variety of domestic and international political, macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, including recession, can materially affect our customers’ ability to secure budget support and fund these activities year after year. We also at times face greater challenges collecting on receivables with customers that are sovereign governments or located in emerging markets. If there is