as of the date of this filing are set forth in the table below.
Our ratings may be subject to a revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
Substantially all of the Company's debt agreements in place at December 31, 2024 do not contain material credit rating covenants. Our unused back-up revolving syndicated credit facility contains a customary net debt-to-EBITDA financial covenant, which we satisfied at December 31, 2024.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK AND INTEREST RATE RISK.
As a result of our global operations, we generate and incur a small portion of our revenue and expenses in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Such principal currencies include the euro, the British Sterling pound, and Brazilian real. The effect of foreign currency fluctuations on earnings was immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2024. See Note 22 for further information about our risk exposures, our use of derivatives, and the effects of this activity on our financial statements.
Exchange rate and interest rate risks are managed with a variety of techniques, including selective use of derivatives. We apply policies to manage each of these risks, including prohibitions on speculative activities. It is our policy to minimize currency exposures by conducting operations in the U.S. dollar if possible or by utilizing the protection of hedge strategies. To assess exposure to interest rate risk, we apply a +/- 100 basis points change in interest rates and keep that in place for the next 12 months. To assess exposure to currency risk of assets and liabilities denominated in other than their functional currencies, we evaluate the effect of a 10% shift in exchange rates against the U.S. dollar (USD). The analyses indicated that our 2024 consolidated net earnings would decline by $0.1 billion for interest rate risk and $0.1 billion for foreign exchange risk.
14
2024 FORM 10-K
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
CASH FLOWS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS.
The most significant source of cash flows from operating activities (CFOA) is customer-related activities, the largest of which is collecting cash resulting from equipment or services sales. The most significant operating use of cash is to pay our suppliers, employees, tax authorities and postretirement plans. GE Aerospace measures itself on a free cash flow* basis. This metric includes CFOA plus investments in property, plant and equipment and additions to internal-use software, and this metric excludes any cash received from dispositions of property, plant and equipment.
Cash from operating activities
was $5.8 billion in 2024, an increase of
$
1.2 billion compared to 2023, primarily due to: an increase in net income (after adjusting for depreciation of property, plant and equipment, amortization of intangible assets, goodwill impairments and non-cash (gains) losses related to our retained and sold ownership interests in GE HealthCare, AerCap and