separation, the historical results of GE Vernova and certain assets and liabilities included in the separation are reported in GE Aerospace consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations. In addition, the Company contributed $
515
million of cash to fund GE Vernova’s future operations such that GE Vernova’s cash balance on the date of separation was $
4,242
million.
We have continuing involvement with GE Vernova primarily through ongoing sales of products, a transition services agreement, through which GE Aerospace and GE Vernova continue to provide certain services to each other for a period of time following the separation, a separation and distribution agreement, including performance and financial guarantees, a tax matters agreement and a trademark licensing agreement. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, we had direct and indirect sales of $
85
million to GE Vernova, primarily related to engine sales and parts. We collected net cash of $
202
million related to the transition services agreement and sales of engines and parts for the three months ended March 31, 2025.
GE HealthCare
. On January 3, 2023, we completed the previously announced separation of our HealthCare business, into a separate, independent, publicly traded company, GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. (GE HealthCare). The separation was structured as a tax-free spin-off and was achieved through the Company's pro-rata distribution of approximately
80.1
% of the outstanding shares of GE HealthCare to holders of the Company's common stock. In connection with the separation, the historical results of GE HealthCare and certain assets and liabilities included in the separation are reported in GE Aerospace consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations.
We had continuing involvement with GE HealthCare primarily through a transition services agreement, which was completed as of December 31, 2024, through which GE Aerospace and GE HealthCare continued to provide certain services to each other for a period of time following the separation. In addition, we have a tax matters agreement and a trademark licensing agreement. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, we collected net cash of $
34
million related to these activities.
18
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
Bank BPH
. As previously reported, Bank BPH, along with other Polish banks, has been subject to ongoing litigation in Poland related to its portfolio of floating rate residential mortgage loans, with cases brought by individual borrowers seeking relief related to their foreign currency indexed or denominated mortgage loans in various courts throughout Poland. The estimate of total losses for borrower litigation at Bank BPH was $
2,449
million and $
2,461
million as of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
No
incremental contributions from GE Aerospace were required during the three months ended March 31, 2025. For further information about factors that are relevant to the estimate of total losses