strategic shift that has, or will have, a major effect on our operations and financial results as discontinued operations when the components meet the criteria for held for sale, are sold, or spun-off.
On April 2, 2024 and January 3, 2023, General Electric Company, now operating as GE Aerospace,
completed the previously announced separation of GE Vernova and its separation of GE HealthCare, respectively, which resulted in
three
independent, publicly traded companies – GE Aerospace, GE Vernova and GE HealthCare. We are organized into
two
business segments that are aligned with the industries we serve: Commercial Engines & Services and Defense & Propulsion Technologies. The historical results of GE Vernova and GE HealthCare are presented as discontinued operations and, as such, have been excluded from both continuing operations and segment results for all periods presented. See Notes 2 and 25 for further information.
CONSOLIDATION.
Our financial statements consolidate all of our affiliates, entities where we have a controlling financial interest, most often because we hold a majority voting interest, or where we are required to apply the variable interest entity (VIE) model and we have the power to direct the most economically significant activities of entities. We reevaluate whether we have a controlling financial interest in all entities when our rights and interests change. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.
REVENUE FROM THE SALE OF EQUIPMENT.
We recognize revenue for equipment including commercial install and spare aircraft engines, defense aircraft engines, and other products we manufacture at the point in time that the customer obtains control of the product, which is generally no earlier than when the customer has physical possession. We use proof of delivery for certain large equipment with more complex logistics, whereas the delivery of other equipment is estimated based on historical averages of in-transit periods (time between shipment and delivery).
Where arrangements include customer acceptance provisions based on seller or customer-specified objective criteria, we recognize revenue when we have concluded that the customer has control of the equipment, and that acceptance is likely to occur. We do not provide for anticipated losses on point-in-time transactions prior to transferring control of the equipment to the customer.
Our billing terms for these contracts generally coincide with delivery to the customer. We sometimes offer our customers financing discounts for the purchase of certain equipment when sold in contemplation of long-term service agreements. These sales are accounted for as financing arrangements when payments for the equipment are collected through higher usage-based fees from servicing the equipment. In some contracts, we receive progress collections from customers for large equipment purchases. Progress collections are not considered a significant financing component as they are used to