classified appropriately in the hierarchy. We use non-binding broker quotes and other third-party pricing services as our primary basis for valuation when there is limited, or no, relevant market activity for a specific instrument or for other instruments that share similar characteristics. Debt securities priced in this manner are included in Level 3.
Equity securities with readily determinable fair values
. These publicly traded equity securities are valued using quoted prices and are included in Level 1.
Derivatives.
The majority of our derivatives are valued using internal models. The models maximize the use of market observable inputs including interest rate curves and both forward and spot prices for currencies and commodities. Derivative assets and liabilities included in Level 2 primarily represent interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps and foreign currency and commodity forward and option contracts.
Investments in private equity, real estate and collective funds held within our pension plans or run-off insurance operations
. Most investments are generally valued using the net asset value (NAV) per share as a practical expedient for fair value provided certain criteria are met. The NAVs are determined based on the fair values of the underlying investments in the funds. Investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV practical expedient are not required to be classified in the fair value hierarchy. Investments classified within Level 3 primarily relate to real estate and private equities which are valued using unobservable inputs, primarily by discounting expected future cash flows, using comparative market multiples, third-party pricing sources, or a combination of these approaches as appropriate. See Notes 3 and 13 for further information.
NONRECURRING FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS.
Certain assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These assets may include loans and long-lived assets reduced to fair value upon classification as held for sale, impaired loans based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, impaired equity securities without readily determinable fair value, equity method investments and long-lived assets and remeasured retained investments in formerly consolidated subsidiaries upon a change in control that results in the deconsolidation of that subsidiary and retention of a noncontrolling stake in the entity. Assets written down to fair value when impaired and retained investments are not subsequently adjusted to fair value unless further impairment occurs.
Equity investments without readily determinable fair value and Associated companies.
Equity investments without readily determinable fair value and associated companies are valued using market observable data such as transaction prices when available. When market observable data is unavailable, investments are valued using either a discounted cash flow model, comparative market multiples, third-party pricing sources or a combination of these