suppliers, regulators and the public. A significant cyber-related attack against us, a key third-party system or a network that we use, or in our sector, such as an attack on commercial aircraft (even if such an attack does not involve our products, services or systems), could adversely affect our business. The large number of suppliers that we work with requires significant effort for the initial and ongoing verification of the effective implementation of cybersecurity requirements by suppliers. The increasing degree of interconnectedness that we have with our partners, suppliers and customers also poses a risk to the security of our network as well as the larger ecosystem in which we operate. Our risk mitigation efforts may fail to prevent, detect and limit the impact of cyber-related attacks, and we remain vulnerable to known and unknown cybersecurity threats.
The continued adoption of new technologies across our business and by our suppliers, including emerging technologies, system migrations and network transitions, also increases our exposure to cybersecurity threats. Any unknown vulnerability or compromise in our or a third-party product (for example, open source software) exposes our systems, networks, software or connected products to malicious actors that seek to misuse our products, steal intellectual property, misappropriate sensitive, confidential or personal data, or create safety risks or unavailability of equipment. In addition, given the nature of complex systems, software and services like ours, and the scanning tools that we deploy in relation to our networks, infrastructure and products, we regularly identify and track security vulnerabilities. We are not always able to comprehensively apply patches or mitigating measures or ensure that patches are applied before vulnerabilities can be exploited.  We also have access to sensitive, classified, confidential or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations or customer-imposed controls. We are vulnerable to security breaches, theft, misplaced, lost or corrupted data, programming errors and misconfigurations, employee errors (including as a result of social engineering/phishing) and/or malfeasance (including misappropriation by insiders or departing employees) that may compromise sensitive, classified, confidential or personal data or information, improper use of our systems, software solutions or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of or denial of access to information, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions. In addition, a cybersecurity incident that impacts our partners, suppliers or customers could compromise our systems and impact our intellectual property, personal data or other confidential information, or result in production downtimes and operational disruptions that could cause us to breach our commitments to customers. Any security vulnerability or malicious