team successfully demonstrated a hybrid electric propulsion system rated at one megawatt with the U.S. Army.
Our defense engines power a wide variety of fighters, bombers, tankers, transport, helicopters and surveillance aircraft, as well as aeroderivative engines for marine applications. Significant product platforms include the F110, F404 and F414 for combat engines, the T408, T700 and T901 for rotorcraft engines and the LM2500 for mobility and marine engines.
4
2024 FORM 10-K
Propulsion & Additive Technologies
– Propulsion & Additive Technologies (P&AT) businesses primarily design, develop, manufacture and support aircraft components and systems for both commercial and military end users under the Avio Aero, Unison, Dowty Propellers and Colibrium Additive brands. These P&AT products include small turboprop engines, aeroengine mechanical transmissions, turbines, combustors and controls, additive manufacturing, propeller systems, ignition systems, sensors and engine accessories for both fixed wing and rotorcraft applications. Avio Aero is a strategic partner in Europe supporting the development of indigenous, classified engine technology and a core member of Clean Aviation, significantly contributing to and benefiting from the European Union sustainability roadmap.
HUMAN CAPITAL.
The strength and talent of our workforce are critical to the success of our purpose to invent the future of flight, lift people up and bring them home safely. We strive to attract, develop and retain a workforce that can deliver for our global customer base. The Company’s human capital management priorities are aligned to our business strategy and support the execution of operational results, financial results and the development of technologies that we believe will define the future of the aerospace and defense industry. We continue to monitor a broad set of human capital priorities as a part of our business operating reviews and with oversight by our Board of Directors and the Board’s Management Development and Compensation Committee. The following are our human capital priorities:
•
Protecting the health and safety of our workforce: We encourage all employees at every level of the organization to take responsibility for creating a safe and healthy work environment, including the importance of speaking up when a safety concern arises. We have robust procedures and standards that our employees and contractors must follow when performing high risk activities that are designed to prevent potential accidents and injuries. We have established stringent environmental, health and safety standards, often more rigorous than local regulations. For the past four years, our annual bonus program has included a modifier based on the Company’s safety performance.
•
Sustaining a Company culture based in Respect for People through leadership behaviors of humility, transparency and focus, with a commitment to unyielding integrity: This culture is an essential part of GE Aerospace’s