described in the table above being less impactful on our statutory reserves.
See Capital Resources and Liquidity and Notes 1, 3 and 12 for further information related to our run-off insurance operations.
NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS.
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
. The amendments require disclosure of specific categories in the rate reconciliation and provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold and further disaggregation of income taxes paid for individually significant jurisdictions. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on the disclosures within our consolidated financial statements.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03,
Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40)
. The amendments increase disclosure requirements primarily through enhanced disclosures about types of expenses (including purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, and amortization) in commonly presented expense captions. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and is required to be applied prospectively with the option for retrospective application. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on the disclosures within our consolidated financial statements.
GE VERNOVA PARENT COMPANY GUARANTEES.
To support GE Vernova in selling products and services globally, the Company often entered into contracts on behalf of GE Vernova or issued parent company guarantees or trade finance instruments supporting the performance of what were subsidiary legal entities transacting directly with customers, in addition to providing similar credit support for non-customer related activities of GE Vernova (collectively, “GE Aerospace credit support”). Prior to the spin-off in the second quarter of 2024, GE Vernova had been working to seek novation or assignment of GE Aerospace credit support, the majority of which relates to parent company guarantees, associated with GE Vernova legal entities from GE Aerospace to GE Vernova. For GE Aerospace credit support that remains outstanding post-spin, GE Vernova is obligated to use reasonable best efforts to terminate or replace and obtain a full release of the Company’s obligations and liabilities under, all such credit support. Beginning in 2025, GE Vernova will pay a quarterly fee to the Company based on amounts related to the GE Aerospace credit support, for which we have recorded a stand ready to perform obligation. GE Vernova will face other contractual restrictions and requirements while the Company continues to be obligated under such credit support on behalf of GE Vernova. While the Company will remain obligated under