required an interim impairment test.
All other intangible assets are subject to amortization. Intangible assets increased $
19
million during the three months ended March 31, 2025, primarily as a result of an acquisition of a business within our Defense & Propulsion Technologies segment, additions of capitalized software and foreign currency exchange, partially offset by amortization. Consolidated amortization expense was $
89
million and $
88
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
NOTE 8.
CONTRACT AND OTHER DEFERRED ASSETS, CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND DEFERRED INCOME & PROGRESS COLLECTIONS
Contract assets (liabilities) and other deferred assets (income),
on a net basis, increased the net liability position by $
350
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, primarily due to an increase in long-term service agreements liabilities of $
272
million. In aggregate, the net liability for long-term service agreements increased primarily due to billings of $
1,902
million and net unfavorable changes in estimated profitability of $
279
million, including quarterly updates to contract margins and an estimated impact from tariffs, primarily in Commercial Engines & Services, partially offset by revenue recognized of $
1,867
million. Revenue recognized for contracts included in a liability position at the beginning of the year were $
2,040
million and $
1,881
million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
(a) Includes contract fulfillment costs for engineering and development incurred prior to production for equipment production contracts, primarily within our Defense & Propulsion Technologies segment, which are amortized ratably over each unit produced. We assess the recoverability of these costs and if we determine the costs are no longer probable of recovery, the asset is impaired.
(b) Includes amounts due from customers within our Commercial Engines & Services segment for the sales of engines, spare parts and services, which we collect through fixed or usage-based billings from the sale of spare parts and servicing of equipment under long-term service agreements.
22
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
Progress collections
increased $
147
million in the three months ended March 31, 2025 primarily due to collections received in excess of settlements at Defense & Propulsion Technologies.
NOTE 9.
ALL OTHER ASSETS.
All other current assets and All other assets primarily include equity method investments, Insurance cash and cash equivalents, receivables and other investments in our run-off insurance operations, pension surplus and prepaid taxes and other deferred charges. All other non-current assets increased $
544
million in the three months ended March 31, 2025, primarily due to an increase in Insurance receivables of $
205
million, an increase in Insurance cash and cash equivalents of $
160
million, an increase in equity method and other investments of $
48
million and an increase in prepaid taxes and