adjustments to reflect cash flows that cannot otherwise be calculated by changes in our Statement of Financial Position. These adjustments may include, but are not limited to, the effects of currency exchange, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses, businesses classified as held for sale, the timing of settlements to suppliers for property, plant and equipment, non-cash gains/losses and other balance sheet reclassifications.
Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, we changed the terminology used to report our earnings from “Earnings” to “Net income.” The change in terminology does not impact the amounts reported in the financial statements. Comparative periods have been renamed to reflect this change for consistency. We have reclassified certain prior-year amounts to conform to the current-year’s presentation. Unless otherwise noted, tables are presented in U.S. dollars in millions. Certain columns and rows may not add due to the use of rounded numbers. Percentages presented are calculated from the underlying numbers in millions. Earnings-per-share amounts are computed independently for net income from continuing operations, net income from discontinued operations and net income. As a result, the sum of per-share amounts may not equal the total. Unless otherwise indicated, information in these notes to consolidated financial statements relates to continuing operations. Certain of our operations have been presented as discontinued. We present businesses whose disposal represents a strategic shift that has, or will have, a major effect on our operations and financial results as discontinued operations when the components meet the criteria for held for sale, are sold, or spun-off.
See Note 2 for further information.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes are unaudited. The results reported in these financial statements should not be regarded as necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the entire year. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements, notes and significant accounting policies included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
NOTE 2.
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS.
Our former GE Vernova and GE HealthCare businesses, our mortgage portfolio in Poland (Bank BPH) and other trailing assets and liabilities associated with prior dispositions are included in discontinued operations. Results of operations, financial position and cash flows for these businesses are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented and the notes to the financial statements have been adjusted on a retrospective basis.
GE Vernova.
On April 2, 2024, we completed the previously announced separation of GE Vernova. The separation was structured as a tax-free spin-off and was achieved through the Company's pro-rata distribution of all the outstanding shares of GE Vernova to holders of the Company's common stock. In connection with the GE Vernova