billion of cash held in countries with currency control restrictions, which may restrict the transfer of funds to the U.S. or limit our ability to transfer funds to the U.S. without incurring substantial costs. Excluded from cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash was $1.1 billion of cash in our run-off insurance operations, which was classified as All other assets in the Statement of Financial Position. Also excluded from cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash was $1.4 billion of cash in our discontinued operations held by Bank BPH (see Note 2).
On March 7, 2024, the Company announced that the Board of Directors had authorized the repurchase of up to $15.0 billion of our common stock. Under this program, shares may be repurchased on the open market, via various strategies, including plans complying with rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 as well as plans using accelerated share repurchases. In connection with this authorization, we repurchased 9.5 million shares for $1.9 billion in the first quarter of 2025. This included repurchases of 5.5 million shares for $1.1 billion using accelerated stock repurchases as a mechanism to achieve planned repurchase volumes within a quarter during closed windows.
BORROWINGS.
Consolidated total borrowings were $19.6 billion and $19.3 billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, an increase of $0.3 billion, mainly due to foreign exchange movement. The Company also holds a five-year unsecured revolving credit facility in an aggregate committed amount of $3.0 billion and had zero outstanding at March 31, 2025.
CREDIT RATINGS AND CONDITIONS.
We have relied, and may continue to rely, on the short- and long-term debt capital markets to fund, among other things, a significant portion of our operations. The cost and availability of debt financing is influenced by our credit ratings. Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) and Standard and Poor’s Global Ratings (S&P) currently issue ratings on our short- and long-term debt. On February 14, 2025, Moody's upgraded our long-term rating from Baa1 to A3 and maintained our positive outlook. On March 25, 2025, S&P upgraded our long-term rating from BBB+ to A- and maintained stable outlook. Our credit ratings as of the date of this filing are set forth in the table below.
Our ratings may be subject to a revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
*Non-GAAP Financial Measure
8
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
Substantially all of the Company's debt agreements in place at March 31, 2025 do not contain material credit rating covenants. Our unused back-up revolving syndicated credit facility contains a customary net debt-to-EBITDA financial covenant, which we satisfied at March 31, 2025.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK.
As a result of our global operations, we generate and incur a small portion of our revenue and expenses in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Such principal currencies include