the euro, the British Sterling pound, and Brazilian real. The effect of foreign currency fluctuations on income was insignificant for the quarter ended March 31, 2025. See Note 20 for further information about our risk exposures, our use of derivatives, and the effects of this activity on our financial statements.
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
CASH FLOWS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS.
The most significant source of cash in CFOA is customer-related activities, the largest of which is collecting cash resulting from product or services sales. The most significant operating use of cash is to pay our suppliers, employees, tax authorities and postretirement plans.
Cash from operating activities
was $1.5 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025, a decrease of
$
0.1 billion compared to 2024, primarily due to: a decrease in All other operating activities, primarily driven by payments of employee benefit liabilities, an increase in income tax payments and working capital growth, partially offset by an increase in net income (after adjusting for depreciation of property, plant, and equipment, amortization of intangible assets and non-cash (gains) losses related to our retained and sold ownership interests in GE HealthCare) driven by all segments and an increase in sales discounts and allowances. The components of All other operating activities included:
The cash impact from changes in working capital was $0.1 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025, a decrease of $0.2 billion compared to 2024, due to: current receivables of $(0.6) billion, driven by higher volume partially offset by higher collections; inventories, including deferred inventory, of $(0.2) billion, driven by higher material purchases; current contract assets, contract liabilities and current deferred income of $0.1 billion, driven by net unfavorable changes in estimated profitability on long-term service contracts; and accounts payable of $0.5 billion, driven by higher volume, partially offset by higher disbursements related to purchases of materials in prior periods.
Cash used for investing activities
was $(0.3) billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025, a decrease of $0.8 billion compared to 2024, primarily due to: lower cash paid related to net settlements between continuing operations and businesses in discontinued operations of $2.2 billion, primarily related to the separation of GE Vernova in 2024 (a component of All other investing activities); and lower net purchases of insurance investment securities of $1.2 billion; partially offset by a decrease in proceeds of $2.6 billion from the disposition of our retained ownership interests in GE HealthCare in 2024. Cash used for additions to property, plant and equipment and internal-use software, which are components of free cash flow*, was $(0.2) billion for both the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Cash used for financing activities
was $(2.3) billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025, an