disclosures within our consolidated financial statements.
GE VERNOVA PARENT COMPANY GUARANTEES.
To support GE Vernova in selling products and services globally, the Company often entered into contracts on behalf of GE Vernova or issued parent company guarantees or trade finance instruments supporting the performance of what were subsidiary legal entities transacting directly with customers, in addition to providing similar credit support for non-customer related activities of GE Vernova (collectively, “GE Aerospace credit support”). Prior to the spin-off in the second quarter of 2024, GE Vernova had been working to seek novation or assignment of GE Aerospace credit support, the majority of which relates to parent company guarantees, associated with GE Vernova legal entities from GE Aerospace to GE Vernova. For GE Aerospace credit support that remains outstanding post-spin, GE Vernova is obligated to use reasonable best efforts to terminate or replace and obtain a full release of the Company’s obligations and liabilities under all such credit support. Beginning in 2025, GE Vernova is paying a quarterly fee to the Company based on amounts related to the GE Aerospace credit support, for which we have recorded a stand ready to perform obligation. GE Vernova will face other contractual restrictions and requirements while the Company continues to be obligated under such credit support on behalf of GE Vernova. While the Company will remain obligated under the contract or instrument, GE Vernova will be obligated to indemnify the Company for credit support related payments that the Company is required to make.
As of March 31, 2025, we estimated GE Vernova RPO and other obligations that relate to GE Aerospace credit support to be approximately $15 billion, an over 77% reduction since December 31, 2023. We expect, approximately $9 billion of the RPO related to GE Aerospace credit support obligations to contractually mature by the end of 2029. The Company’s maximum aggregate exposure under the GE Aerospace credit support cannot be reasonably estimated given the breadth of the portfolio across each of the GE Vernova businesses. The underlying obligations are predominantly customer contracts that GE Vernova performs in the course of its business. We have no known instances historically where payments or performance from us were required under parent company guarantees relating to GE Vernova customer contracts. See Note 22 for additional details regarding guarantees.
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES.
We believe that presenting non-GAAP financial measures provides management and investors useful measures to evaluate performance and trends of the total company and its businesses. This includes adjustments in recent periods to GAAP financial measures to increase period-to-period comparability following actions to strengthen our overall financial position and how we manage our business. In addition, management recognizes that certain non-GAAP terms may be interpreted