primarily as a result of engine orders outpacing revenue recognized.
DEFENSE & PROPULSION TECHNOLOGIES.
Our results in the first quarter of 2025 reflect domestic and international government defense departments’ focus on modernizing and scaling their forces while continuing flight operations, driving services demand. A key underlying driver of our business is government funding, as most of the revenue in Defense & Systems is derived from funding that flows through the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) budget, or equivalent international budgets.
In the first quarter of 2025, we announced an Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract from the U.S. Air Force valued up to $5 billion to support foreign military sales for F110-GE-129 engines, which power F-15 and F-16 aircraft operated by allied nations worldwide. We also achieved important development and testing milestones on two advanced engines for the U.S. war fighter. We completed initial ground runs for the T901 on a Black Hawk helicopter and we also completed a Detailed Design Review for the XA102 adaptive cycle engine.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, revenue was up 1%, and profit was up 16%, compared to the three months ended March 31, 2024.
D&S revenue was flat primarily due to aircraft systems product growth, increased engine deliveries and price partially offset by lower services volume. P&AT revenue increased primarily due to services volume and price, partially offset by lower internal shipments.
Profit increased primarily due to aircraft systems product growth, customer mix and productivity. This increase was partially offset by incremental investments to support next-generation products and inflation in our supply chain.
As of March 31, 2025
, RPO increased $0.9 billion, or 5%, from December 31, 2024, primarily due to increases in equipment from orders outpacing revenue recognized as we are starting to get IDIQ orders from the Air Force.
6
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
CORPORATE & OTHER.
Corporate & Other revenue include our run-off insurance operations revenue and the elimination of intersegment activities. Corporate & Other operating profit includes Corporate functions and operations costs, certain costs of our principal retirement plans, significant, higher-cost restructuring programs, separation costs, profit (loss) of our run-off insurance operations, U.S. tax equity profit (loss), transition services agreements, environmental health and safety (EHS) impacts and other costs, as well as certain amounts that are not included in operating segment results because they are excluded from measurement of their operating performance for internal and external purposes.
Adjusted Corporate & Other operating costs* excludes gains (losses) on purchases and sales of business interests, gains (losses) on retained and sold ownership interests and other equity securities, higher-cost restructuring programs, separation costs, our run-off insurance operations and U.S. tax equity profit