the future of flight, lift people up and bring them home safely.
GE Aerospace’s Internet address at www.geaerospace.com and Investor Relations website at www.geaerospace.com/investor-relations, as well as GE Aerospace’s LinkedIn and other social media accounts, contain a significant amount of information about GE Aerospace, including financial and other information for investors. GE Aerospace encourages investors to visit these websites from time to time, as information is updated and new information is posted.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (MD&A).
The consolidated financial statements of GE Aerospace are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Unless otherwise noted, tables are presented in U.S. dollars in millions. Certain columns and rows within tables may not add due to the use of rounded numbers. Percentages presented in this report are calculated from the underlying numbers in millions. Discussions throughout this MD&A are based on continuing operations unless otherwise noted. The MD&A should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and Notes to the consolidated financial statements.
In the accompanying analysis of financial information, we sometimes use information derived from consolidated financial data but not presented in our financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Certain of these data are considered “non-GAAP financial measures” under SEC rules. See the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for the reasons we use these non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, we changed the terminology used to report our GAAP earnings from “Earnings” to “Net income” and our non-GAAP earnings from "Adjusted earnings" to "Adjusted net income." The change in terminology does not impact the amounts reported in the financial statements.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND ENVIRONMENT.
As a global aerospace company, our worldwide operations can be affected by industrial, economic, and political factors on both a regional and global level. Demand for our equipment and services is demonstrated by our backlog of engine orders and services and growth in our installed base, and tends to follow commercial air travel and freight demand and government funding for defense budgets. We also expect a significant ramp in our delivery of engine units and services for newer product platforms in the years ahead to meet this demand. Refer to the Segment Operations sections for Commercial Engines & Services and Defense & Propulsion Technologies below for additional detail about these dynamics for our commercial and defense businesses, respectively.
Global material availability and supplier delivery performance continue to cause disruptions and have impacted our production and delivery of equipment and services to our customers. We are investing in our