2024 FORM 10-K
3
ABOUT GE AEROSPACE.
General Electric Company operates as GE Aerospace (GE Aerospace or the Company). GE Aerospace is a global aerospace leader with the industry's largest and growing commercial propulsion fleet. The Company’s installed base of approximately 45,000 commercial and 25,000 military engines drives our aftermarket services business, which represents approximately 70% of revenue, reflecting the strength of customer demand across our business. Through FLIGHT DECK, the Company's proprietary lean operating model, GE Aerospace is prioritizing safety, quality, delivery and cost, to drive focused execution and bridge strategy to results. We are focused on delivering against our strategic priorities for today (services and readiness), tomorrow (delivering the production and services ramp for new engines) and the future (inventing next generation flight technology for our commercial and defense customers). Our global team is building on more than a century of innovation and learning, as we invent the future of flight, lift people up and bring them home safely.
On January 3, 2023, the Company completed the separation of its healthcare business into an independent publicly traded company, GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. (GE HealthCare), and on April 2, 2024, the Company completed the separation of its GE Vernova business into an independent publicly traded company, GE Vernova, Inc. (GE Vernova). In connection with these separations, the historical results of GE HealthCare and GE Vernova, and certain assets and liabilities included in the separations, are reported in our consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations. See Note 2 for further information.
We serve customers in approximately 120 countries. Manufacturing and service operations are carried out at 67 facilities located in 22 states in the United States and Puerto Rico, of which 24 are owned, and at 67 facilities located in 24 other countries, of which 34 are owned.
SEGMENTS.
GE Aerospace operates through two reportable segments: Commercial Engines & Services and Defense & Propulsion Technologies.
COMMERCIAL ENGINES & SERVICES
.
Commercial Engines & Services (CES) designs, develops, manufactures and services jet engines for commercial airframes, as well as business aviation and aeroderivative applications. Services include maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) of engines and the sale of spare parts, and we offer services under a variety of arrangements such as long-term service agreements or time and material contracts. CES was approximately 70% of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024, with services representing 74% of total CES revenue.
Our CES customers for equipment and services consist primarily of airframers and airlines, including both Boeing and Airbus, and third-party MRO shops, to whom we sell equipment and license MRO technology. CES engines power aircraft in all commercial categories—narrowbody, widebody and regional—and this