a third-party intermediary to settle our trade payables, their involvement does not change the nature, existence, amount or timing of our trade payables and does not provide the Company with any direct economic benefit. If any characteristics of the trade payables change or we receive a direct economic benefit, we reclassify the trade payables as borrowings.
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS.
The following sections describe the valuation methodologies we use to measure financial and non-financial instruments accounted for at fair value including certain assets within our pension plans and retiree benefit plans. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our market assumptions. These inputs establish a fair value hierarchy: Level 1 – Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets; Level 2 – Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose significant value drivers are observable; and Level 3 – Significant inputs to the valuation model are unobservable.
46
2024 FORM 10-K
RECURRING FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS.
For financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, primarily investment securities and derivatives, fair value is the price we would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction with a market participant at the measurement date. In the absence of active markets for the identical assets or liabilities, such measurements involve developing assumptions based on market observable data and, in the absence of such data, internal information that is consistent with what market participants would use in a hypothetical transaction that occurs at the measurement date. See Note 21 for further information.
Debt Securities.
When available, we use quoted market prices to determine the fair value of debt securities which are included in Level 1. For our remaining debt securities, we obtain pricing information from an independent pricing vendor. The inputs and assumptions to the pricing vendor’s models are derived from market observable sources including benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, benchmark securities, bids, offers and other market-related data. These investments are included in Level 2. Our pricing vendors may also provide us with valuations that are based on significant unobservable inputs, and in those circumstances, we classify the investment securities in Level 3.
Annually, we conduct reviews of our primary pricing vendor to validate that the inputs used in that vendor’s pricing process are deemed to be market observable as defined in the standard. We believe that the prices received from our pricing vendor are representative of prices that would be received to sell the assets at the measurement date (exit prices) and are