software in a product used by a partner or supplier to deliver a service or embedded in a product that is later integrated into a GE Aerospace product could lead to a vulnerability in the security of GE Aerospace’s product or, if used internally in our network environment, to a compromise of the GE Aerospace network, which may lead to the loss of information or operational disruptions.
Cybersecurity-related and data privacy and protection laws and regulatory regimes are evolving, can vary significantly by country and present increasing compliance challenges, and we from time to time receive, and in the future will likely receive, regulatory inquiries about specific incidents or aspects of our cybersecurity framework; these dynamics increase our costs, affect our competitiveness and can expose us to fines or other penalties and reputational risks. In addition, cybersecurity incidents can result in other negative consequences, regardless of whether the direct effects of an incident are significant, including damage to our reputation or competitiveness, restoration and remediation costs, increased digital infrastructure or related costs that are not covered by insurance, and costs or fines arising from litigation or regulatory investigations or actions. While we carry cyber insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim.
FINANCIAL RISKS.
Financial risk relates to our ability to meet financial goals and obligations and mitigate exposure to broad market risks. In addition to the risks to financial performance that most of the items described throughout our risk factors pose, financial risks include credit risk; funding and liquidity risks; and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices. We also face financial risks associated with our run-off insurance and banking operations. Credit risk is the risk of financial loss arising from a customer or counterparty failure to meet its contractual obligations. Liquidity risk refers to the potential inability to meet contractual or contingent financial obligations (whether on- or off-balance sheet) as they arise, and could potentially impact our financial condition, cash flow or overall safety and soundness.
Customers and counterparties - Global economic, industry-specific or other developments that weaken the financial condition, soundness or continuity of significant customers, governments, government programs or other parties we deal with can adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows.
Our business and operating results have been, and will continue to be, affected by worldwide economic conditions, including conditions in the aerospace and defense sector. Activity in our sector is also particularly influenced by the actions of a