includes engines sold by joint venture partners, the most significant of which is CFM International, a 50-50 non-consolidated joint venture with Safran Aircraft Engines, a subsidiary of Safran Group of France. Depending on the aircraft model, airline customers may have a choice between our engines and those of other manufacturers or, as in the case of some Boeing models, our engines may be the sole source engine for a particular aircraft.
Commercial and financial dynamics for major engine platforms often play out over the course of many years, as new product development cycles are long and, after initial sale, commercial engines can operate for decades with services in the aftermarket. In the narrowbody aircraft segment, we are in the midst of a significant ramp in production of the LEAP engine, which entered into service in 2016 and is expected in the coming years to overtake the mature CFM56 as the industry’s most utilized narrowbody engine. This is expected to also drive a significant increase in shop visits and need for MRO capacity as LEAP engines come due for services. In the widebody aircraft segment, we have a range of engine platforms that are in different stages of their lifecycles. These include the more mature CF6 and GE90 engines, as well as the GEnx engine that entered into service in 2011 and the GE9X engine that will power the Boeing 777X when that aircraft enters into service. We also have engines that power regional and business aircraft.
We have been and remain committed to investing in developing and maturing technologies that enable a more sustainable future of flight. Notably, CFM International's Revolutionary Innovation for Sustainable Engines (RISE) program is a suite of pioneering technologies including Open Fan, compact core and hybrid electric systems for compatibility with alternative fuels. We recently completed more than 250 tests on developing a full-scale Open Fan engine. This is one of several initiatives underway to help invent the future of flight.
DEFENSE & PROPULSION TECHNOLOGIES.
Defense & Propulsion Technologies (DPT) is a leading provider of defense engines and critical aircraft systems, and it consists of our Defense & Systems and Propulsion & Additive Technologies businesses. DPT was approximately 25% of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024, with services representing 56% of total DPT revenue.
Defense & Systems
– Defense & Systems designs, develops, manufactures and services jet engines and avionics and power systems for governments, militaries and commercial airframers. Services include MRO of engines and the sale of spare parts.
Our product performance and dedication to innovation have earned long-standing relationships with airframers, shipyards, government agencies and other customers globally. We also regularly work with government customers on the development of classified and unclassified advanced products, including combat engines, hypersonics and unmanned applications. Recently, our