the event of non-fulfillment of contractual obligations by the relevant obligor(s), we could be obligated to make payments under the applicable instruments. Under the SDA, GE Vernova is obligated to reimburse and indemnify us for any such payments. Beginning in 2025, GE Vernova will pay us a quarterly fee based on amounts related to the GE Aerospace credit support. We have recorded a reserve of $
115
million for our stand ready to perform obligation. Our maximum aggregate exposure under the GE Aerospace credit support cannot be reasonably estimated given the breadth of the portfolio across each of the GE Vernova businesses except for certain financial guarantees and trade finance instruments with a maximum exposure of approximately $
366
million. The underlying obligations are predominantly customer contracts that GE Vernova performs in the normal course of its business. We have no known instances historically where payments or performance were required by us under parent company guarantees relating to GE Vernova customer contracts. In connection with the spin-off of GE Vernova, under terms of the SDA, Transition Service Agreement (TSA) and Tax Matters Agreement (TMA), we have an obligation to indemnify GE Vernova for certain of its severance costs, environmental matters and tax matters of $
177
million, of which $
129
million is reserved.
We also have remaining obligations under the TMA with GE HealthCare to indemnify them for certain tax costs and other indemnifications of $
55
million, which are fully reserved.
In addition, we have $
187
million of other indemnification commitments, including representations and warranties in sales of business assets, for which we recorded a liability of $
53
million.
Credit support and indemnification agreements- Discontinued Operations
. Following the separation of GE Vernova, we also have performance obligations related to GE Vernova nuclear decommissioning with a maximum aggregate exposure of $
738
million for which we are fully indemnified. Also, under the SDA, TSA and TMA agreements we have obligations to indemnify GE Vernova for costs of certain environmental matters and tax matters of $
33
million, which are fully reserved.
GE Aerospace also has obligations under the TSA and TMA to indemnify GE HealthCare for certain technology and tax costs of $
49
million, which are fully reserved.
We also have provided specific indemnities to other buyers of assets of our business that, in the aggregate, represent a maximum potential claim of $
446
million with related reserves of $
52
million.
PRODUCT WARRANTIES.
We provide for estimated product warranty expenses when we sell the related products. Because warranty estimates are forecasts that are based on the best available information, mostly historical claims experience, claims costs may differ from amounts provided.
An analysis of changes in the liability for product warranties follows.
72
2024 FORM 10-K
LEGAL MATTERS.
In the normal course of our business, we