respectively.
(b)
Included a $
5,300
million decrease in Retained earnings reflecting a pro-rata distribution of approximately
80.1
% of the shares of GE HealthCare on January 3, 2023. Included a $
11,375
million decrease in Retained earnings reflecting a distribution of all the shares of GE Vernova on April 2, 2024.
(c)
Included a reclassification of $
1,007
million of noncontrolling interests attributable to GE Vernova to Retained earnings as a result of the separation on April 2, 2024.
2024 FORM 10-K
41
NOTE 1.
BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
FINANCIAL STATEMENT PRESENTATION.
Our financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), which requires us to make estimates based on assumptions about current, and for some estimates, future, economic and market conditions which affect reported amounts and related disclosures in our financial statements. Although our current estimates contemplate current and expected future conditions, as applicable, it is reasonably possible that actual conditions could differ from our expectations, which could materially affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Such changes could result in future impairments of goodwill, intangibles, long-lived assets, contract assets and investment securities, revisions to estimated profitability on long-term product service agreements, incremental credit losses on receivables and debt securities, incremental losses related to our contingencies, a change in the carrying amount of our tax assets and liabilities, or a change in our insurance liabilities and pension obligations as of the time of a relevant measurement event.
In preparing our Statement of Cash Flows, we make certain adjustments to reflect cash flows that cannot otherwise be calculated by changes in our Statement of Financial Position. These adjustments may include, but are not limited to, the effects of currency exchange, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses, businesses classified as held for sale, the timing of settlements to suppliers for property, plant and equipment, non-cash gains/losses and other balance sheet reclassifications.
We have reclassified certain prior-year amounts to conform to the current-year’s presentation. Unless otherwise noted, tables are presented in U.S. dollars in millions. Certain columns and rows may not add due to the use of rounded numbers. Percentages presented are calculated from the underlying numbers in millions. Earnings per share amounts are computed independently for earnings from continuing operations, earnings from discontinued operations and net earnings. As a result, the sum of per-share amounts may not equal the total. Unless otherwise indicated, information in these notes to consolidated financial statements relates to continuing operations. Certain of our operations have been presented as discontinued. We present businesses whose disposal represents a