to maintain adequate levels of capital and could require additional infusion of capital if the required levels are not maintained. Though we may consider strategic options to accelerate the further reduction in the size of these remaining financial services operations, such options may not be viable or attractive because of the associated cash payments, financial charges or other adverse effects. There can be no assurance that future liabilities, losses or impairments to the carrying value of assets within our financial services operations would not materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, cash flows or results of operations.
Borrowings & liquidity - We may face risks related to the refinancing of our debt, particularly in severely adverse market conditions, and future credit downgrades could adversely affect our liquidity, funding costs and related margins.
We intend to maintain a sustainable investment-grade long-term credit rating, but there can be no assurance that we will not face future credit rating downgrades as a result of factors such as a change in business strategy or performance, or changes in rating application or methodology. Future downgrades could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity and competitive position, and external conditions in the financial and credit markets may limit our availability to refinance our debt at particular times or on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, if we are unable to generate cash flows in accordance with our plans or face unforeseen needs for capital, we may adopt changes to our capital allocation plans (such as plans related to the timing or amounts of investments or capital expenditures, share repurchases or dividends) or take other actions. Further, our pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations are exposed to economic factors, such as changes in interest rates, investment performance of plan assets, and health care costs, which could adversely impact our leverage and liquidity. For additional discussion about our credit ratings, financial conditions and related considerations, refer to the Capital Resources and Liquidity section within MD&A. For discussion regarding how our financial statements have been and can be affected by our pension and healthcare benefit obligations, see Note 13.
LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISKS.
Legal and compliance risk relates to risks arising from the government and regulatory environment, legal proceedings and compliance with integrity policies and procedures, including matters relating to financial reporting and the environment, health and safety. Government and regulatory risk includes the risk that government or regulatory actions will impose additional cost on us or require us to make adverse changes to our business models or practices.
Regulatory - We are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations and government policies that require ongoing compliance efforts and may change in significant ways.
Our business is