record.
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS
. On March 7, 2024, the Company announced that the Board of Directors had provided a new authorization for up to $15 billion of common share repurchases. We repurchased 9,172 thousand shares for $1,669 million during the three months ended December 31, 2024 under this authorization.
24
2024 FORM 10-K
CYBERSECURITY.
The description in this section reflects GE Aerospace’s approach as of December 31, 2024, following the spin-off of GE Vernova in April 2024.
CYBERSECURITY RISK MANAGEMENT AND STRATEGY.
GE Aerospace has developed and implemented a cybersecurity framework intended to assess, identify and manage risks from threats to the security of our information, systems, products and network using a risk-based approach. The framework is informed in part by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework and International Organization for Standardization 27001 (ISO 27001) Framework, although this does not imply that we meet all technical standards, specifications or requirements under the NIST or ISO 27001. We are also guided by applicable cybersecurity rules, regulations and contractual commitments related to our role as a defense contractor, such as auditing by the Defense Contract Management Agency’s Defense Industrial Base Cybersecurity Assessment Center (DIBCAC), the UK Ministry of Defense, and Certified Third Party Assessor Organizations (C3PAO).
Our key cybersecurity processes include the following:
•
Risk-based controls for information systems and information on GE Aerospace’s networks:
We seek to maintain an information technology infrastructure that implements physical, administrative and technical controls that are calibrated based on risk and designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information systems and information stored on GE Aerospace’s networks, including customer information, personal information, intellectual property and proprietary information.
•
Cybersecurity incident response plan and testing:
We have a cybersecurity incident response plan and dedicated teams to respond to cybersecurity incidents. When a cybersecurity incident occurs or we identify a vulnerability, we have cross-functional teams that are responsible for leading the initial assessment of priority and severity, and external experts may also be engaged as appropriate. GE Aerospace’s cybersecurity teams assist in responding to incidents depending on severity levels and seek to improve our cybersecurity incident management plan through periodic tabletops or simulations.
•
Training:
We provide security awareness training to help our employees understand their information protection and cybersecurity responsibilities. We also provide additional role-based training to some employees based on customer requirements, regulatory obligations and industry risks.
•
Supplier risk assessments:
We have implemented a
third-party risk