revenue recognized (based on costs incurred) and customer billings results in changes to our contract asset or contract liability positions. Contract assets and contract liabilities for long-term service agreements are classified as current based on our contract operating cycle and include amounts that may be billed and collected beyond one year due to the long-cycle nature of our contracts. See Note 8 for further information.
Contracts are often modified to account for changes in contract specifications or requirements. Contract modifications in our long-term service agreements are predominantly accounted for on a prospective basis. Changes in estimates for existing contracts are accounted for on a cumulative catchup basis. See Note 8 for further information.
Other Services Revenue Contracts.
We enter into contracts to perform other services, including time and material service contracts and component repairs, where we enhance the value of a customer asset and the customer pays us on a per event basis. For time and material overhauls, the contract duration and transaction price are limited to the individual maintenance event and we recognize revenue on an over time basis as the services are rendered, in proportion to cost incurred. Labor costs are recognized as incurred and costs of replacement parts are recognized when we can reliably determine that the parts are non-fungible. For component repairs, we recognize revenue when the services are completed.
Development Agreements.
We enter into long-term development agreements primarily within our Defense & Propulsion Technologies segment. The majority of these agreements are with the U.S. Government for the research and design of defense products. Our contracts with the U.S. government are typically subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and are either fixed-priced or based on estimated or actual costs of providing services. Certain contracts include incentive and award fees, based on achievement of specified targets, which we consider as variable consideration. The amount included in the transaction price represents our estimate of the most likely amount we expect to collect to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. Revenue is recognized on an over time basis because of continuous transfer of control to the customer using percentage of completion based on costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs. Changes in estimates for existing contracts are accounted for on a cumulative catchup basis.
NONRECURRING ENGINEERING COSTS
. We incur contract fulfillment costs for engineering and development of products directly related to existing contracts with customers, primarily in our Defense & Propulsion Technologies segment. If we determine the costs are for development of products for a specific customer and there is a high probability of recovery from future sales to that customer, we capitalize the