relevant legislation such as authorization and appropriations bills. Changes in government priorities and funding related to the future of combat, such as greater reliance on uncrewed aircraft systems, could also adversely affect the demand for our defense products and services. In addition, government customers often may modify, curtail or terminate their contracts and subcontracts with us either at their convenience or for default based on performance. The termination of one or more of our government contracts, or the occurrence of performance delays, cost overruns (due to inflation or otherwise), product failures, shortages in materials, components or labor, or other failures to perform to customer expectations and contract requirements could negatively impact our reputation, competitive position and financial results. In addition, our government contracts are subject to extensive procurement regulations, and new regulations or changes to existing requirements could increase our compliance costs. We are also subject to U.S. and other government inquiries and investigations, including periodic audits of our quality systems, manufacturing operations, and costs that we determine are allowable or reimbursable under government contracts. Failure to comply with provisions of our government contracts or other applicable laws and regulations could lead to civil or criminal enforcement under the U.S. False Claims Act or similar enforcement legislation, including potentially significant financial penalties, suspension or debarment against new business and reputational harm.
Climate change - Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by climate change impacts, including changes in regulations, customer demand, technologies and extreme weather.
Our business may be impacted by climate change and governmental and industry actions taken in response, which present a variety of risks to our business and financial results. Changes in environmental and climate-related laws or regulations, including regulations on greenhouse gas emissions caps, carbon
2024 FORM 10-K
27
pricing and taxes, energy taxes, product fuel efficiency standards, mandatory disclosure obligations, including U.S. government procurement-related contractual climate disclosures, could increase our operational and compliance expenditures and those of our customers and suppliers, including increased energy and raw materials costs and costs associated with manufacturing changes, and could require new or additional investments in product designs and facility upgrades. In addition, we face, along with others across the aerospace and defense sector, increasing demand for transitioning to lower emission technologies, including low to no carbon products and services, the use of alternative energy sources and other sustainable aviation technologies and climate adaptation products and services. Customers, regulators, institutional investors, the flying public and other stakeholders