lead the Company’s overall cybersecurity function and cybersecurity leadership team. The CIO has over 25 years of experience in the information technology (IT) field and leads the IT strategy and services supporting the Company’s global operation. The CISO has over 25 years of experience focused on global information assurance and cyber security programs. The cybersecurity leadership team meets with senior management to review and discuss GE Aerospace’s cybersecurity program, including emerging cyber risks, threats and industry trends.
The cybersecurity leadership team also assists management in supervising efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, including by collaborating with internal security personnel and business stakeholders, and incorporating threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources to inform our cybersecurity technologies and processes.
2024 FORM 10-K
25
RISK FACTORS.
The following discussion of the material factors, events and uncertainties that may make an investment in the Company speculative or risky contains “forward-looking statements," as discussed in the Forward-Looking Statements section. These risk factors may be important to understanding any statement in this report or elsewhere. The risks described below should not be considered a complete list of potential risks that we face, and additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also negatively impact us. The following information should be read in conjunction with the MD&A section and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks we describe in this report or in our other SEC filings could, in ways we may not be able to accurately predict, recognize or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price, and they could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate.
STRATEGIC RISKS.
Strategic risk relates to the Company’s future business plans and strategies, including the risks associated with the global macro-environment; dynamics in the commercial aviation sector; competitive threats; the demand for our products and services and the success of our investments in technology and innovation; impacts of government spending, programs and contracts; climate change; our recent spin-offs; capital allocation decisions; acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures and other inorganic investments; intellectual property; and other risks.
Global macro-environment - Our financial performance and growth are subject to risks related to global economic, political and geopolitical developments or other disruptions to the economy or our business sectors.
We serve customers in many countries around the world and receive a significant portion of our revenue from outside the United States.