during certain periods. Electricity transmission lines may experience
unplanned outages due to system failures, accidents and severe weather conditions, or planned outages due to repair and maintenance,
construction work and other reasons beyond our control. For example, as electricity generated from wind farms today is currently often not
stored and must be transmitted or used once it is generated, some of the wind turbines of a wind farm may be turned off during such period
when electricity is unable to be transmitted due to grid congestion or other grid constraints. Such events could reduce the actual net power
generation of the wind farms. In addition, a number of other factors may further decrease electricity output, including wind speed or wind
direction or other severe weather condition.
As a result, we and our customers may experience significant financial losses from inefficient electricity outputs, the inability to connect to
power grids, or grid capacity constraints, which may in turn cause the decrease in the demand for our products and could lead to a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
Some of our operations involve the handling, use, transportation, and disposal of radioactive and hazardous materials, which
subject us and our customers to regulations, related costs and delays and potential liabilities for injuries and claims.
Our
operations involve the handling, use, transportation, and disposal of radioactive and hazardous materials, including nuclear fuel, nuclear
power devices and their components. The risks associated with radioactive materials and the public perception of those risks can affect our
business. Failure to properly handle radioactive and hazardous materials could pose a health risk to humans or wildlife and could cause
personal injury, property damage (including environmental contamination), and damage the health and safety of the surrounding
community. If an accident were to occur, its severity could be significantly affected by the nature of the accident and the speed of corrective
action taken by us and others, including emergency response personnel, as well as other factors beyond our control, such as weather and
wind conditions. In addition to health risks, a release of these materials may cause damage to, or the loss of, property and may adversely
affect property values. Actions taken in response to an accident could result in significant costs. Activities of our contractors, suppliers or
other counterparties similarly may involve toxic, hazardous, and radioactive materials and we may be liable contractually, or under
applicable law, to contribute to remedy damages or other costs arising from such activities.
Adverse public reaction to developments in the use of nuclear power or nuclear radiation could directly affect our customers and indirectly
affect our business. Adverse public reaction, increased regulatory scrutiny, and potential