factors, including the extent and
duration of the conflict; the effects of the conflict on regional and global economic and geopolitical conditions; the effects of further laws,
sanctions, and trade control restrictions on our business, the global economy, and global supply chains; and the impact of fluctuations in
the exchange rate of the ruble. Continuation or escalation of the conflict may also magnify the impact of other risks identified in this
Information Statement, including cybersecurity, regulatory, and reputational risks
Risks Relating to Competition and Managing Growth
We operate in highly competitive environments. Our failure to compete successfully could adversely affect our results of
operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
Our products, solutions, and services are subject to significant competitive pressures,
and in many of the industries in which we operate we face intense competition from both international and domestic competitors. The
continual development of advanced technologies, new and existing products and solutions including product enhancements, and high
2024 FORM 10-K
17
quality but cost-effective supply chain, production, and delivery methods are critical to remaining competitive by maintaining commercially
attractive products, solutions, and services at acceptable pricing levels. A change in the strategic priorities of our business or a failure to
anticipate or respond quickly to a number of factors including technological developments, evolving industry standards, new regulations or
incentives, changing customer demands, supply chain issues, or innovations in production techniques in the industries we serve could
cause us to experience lower revenues, price erosion, lower margins, and could result in forgone growth opportunities. Competition has
also intensified as a result of international expansion by existing industry participants exploiting new markets and increasing pressure from
competitors from other regions who strive to improve the quality and reliability of their technologies and expand beyond their existing
markets. For example, China is a large manufacturer and developer of wind equipment and technology and Chinese wind turbine
manufacturers may increasingly pursue selling their wind turbine products in markets outside of China. The entry of new market
participants could further intensify competition.
Moreover, some of our competitors receive financial and other assistance from their
governments, which may allow them to have a longer-term investment approach and greater risk tolerance to realizing returns and other
benefits from their investments and business strategies and execution than may be available to companies, such as us, that do not have
similar governmental funding and assistance.
If we are unable to respond successfully to these competitive pressures, our business, results
of operations, cash flows, and financial condition may be adversely affected.
Our business strategy may include