a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss.
When there appears to be a range of possible costs with equal likelihood, liabilities are based on the low end of such range. Disclosure is
provided for material loss contingencies when a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, and when it is reasonably
possible that a loss will be incurred or the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. We regularly review contingencies to
determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of loss can be
made
See Note
22
for further information.
Supply Chain Finance Programs.
We evaluate supply chain finance programs to ensure where we use a third party intermediary to settle
our trade payables, their involvement does not change the nature, existence, amount, or timing of our trade payables and does not provide
the Company with any direct economic benefit. If any characteristics of the trade payables change or we receive a direct economic benefit,
we reclassify the trade payables as borrowings.
Accounts Payable and Equipment Project Payables
. Accounts payable and equipment project payables include amounts due to
suppliers and liabilities for costs and expenses incurred or accrued for which invoices have not been received.
Fair Value Measurements.
The following sections describe the valuation methodologies we use to measure financial and non-financial
instruments accounted for at fair value, including certain assets within our pension plans and retiree benefit plans. Observable inputs reflect
market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our market assumptions. These inputs establish a fair
value hierarchy:
Level 1 - Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets;
Level 2 - Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that
are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose significant value drivers are observable; and
Level 3 - Significant inputs to the valuation model are unobservable.
Recurring Fair Value Measurements.
For financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, fair value is the price
we would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction with a market participant at the measurement date. In
the absence of active markets for the identical assets or liabilities, such measurements involve developing assumptions based on market
observable data and, in the absence of such data, internal information that is consistent with what market participants would use in a
hypothetical transaction that occurs at the measurement date.
Derivatives.
Derivative assets and liabilities primarily represent foreign currency and commodity forward contracts. The majority of our
derivatives are valued using internal models. The models maximize the