proceeds from the sales of an approximately
24
%
equity interest in GE Vernova T&D India Ltd, a power transmission
and distribution solution provider, in the year ended December 31, 2024, net of directly attributable taxes of
$
245
million
.
2024 FORM 10-K
56
NOTE
1
.
ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
Organization.
On April 2, 2024, General Electric Company, which now operates as GE Aerospace (GE or Parent) completed the previously
announced spin-off (the Spin-Off) of
GE
Vernova Inc.
(the Company, GE Vernova, our, we, or us). The Spin-Off was completed through a
distribution of all the Company's outstanding common stock to holders of record of GE's common stock as of the close of business on
March 19, 2024 (the Distribution), which resulted in the issuance of approximately
274
million
shares of common stock. As a result of the
Distribution, the Company became an independent public company. Our common stock is listed under the symbol “GEV” on the New York
Stock Exchange.
In connection with the Spin-Off, GE contributed cash of
$
515
million
to GE Vernova to fund future operations and
transferred restricted cash of
$
325
million
to us such that the Company’s cash balance upon completion of the Spin-Off was approximately
$
4,200
million
.
See Note
22
for further information.
In connection with the Spin-Off, GE Vernova entered into several agreements with GE, including a separation and distribution agreement
that sets forth certain agreements with GE regarding the principal actions to be taken in connection with the Spin-Off, including the transfer
of assets and assumption of liabilities, and establishes certain rights and obligations between the Company and GE, including procedures
with respect to claims subject to indemnification and related matters. Other agreements we entered into that govern aspects of our
relationship with GE following the Spin-Off include:
•
Transition Services Agreement – governs all matters relating to the provision of services between the Company and GE on a
transitional basis. The services the Company receives include support for digital technology, human resources, supply chain,
finance, and real estate services, among others, that are generally intended to be provided for a period no longer than
two years
following the Spin-Off.
•
Tax Matters Agreement – governs the respective rights, responsibilities, and obligations between the Company and GE with
respect to all tax matters (excluding employee-related taxes covered under the Employee Matters Agreement), in addition to
certain restrictions which generally prohibit us from taking or failing to take any action in the
two
-year
period following the
Distribution that would prevent the Distribution from qualifying as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including
limitations on our ability to pursue certain strategic transactions. The agreement specifies the portion of tax liability for which the
Company will bear contractual responsibility, and the Company and