accounted for under the equity method of accounting. When assessing the
determination of the primary beneficiary, we consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including our power to direct the activities of the
VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and the obligation to absorb the expected
losses
and/or the right to receive the
expected returns of the VIE.
See Note
21
for further information.
Income Taxes
.
Prior to the Spin-off, GE Vernova was included in the consolidated U.S. federal, state, and foreign income tax returns of
GE, where eligible, through April 2, 2024. The Company's provision for income taxes for the periods 2022, 2023, and the first quarter of
2024 was prepared using the separate return method. On a separate return basis, actual transactions included in the consolidated and
combined financial statements of GE may not be included in the GE Vernova consolidated and combined financial statements. Similarly,
the tax treatment of certain items reflected in the consolidated and combined financial statements of GE Vernova may not be reflected in
the consolidated and
combined
financial statements and tax returns of GE. Therefore, items such as tax loss carryforwards, tax credit
carryforwards, and valuation allowances may exist in the separate GE Vernova consolidated and combined financial statements that may
or may not exist in GE’s consolidated and combined financial statements. Following the Spin-off, GE Vernova will file tax returns
independently and the Company's provision for income taxes is prepared on a stand-alone basis. As a result, the deferred income taxes
and effective tax rate reported in 2024 may differ from those reported in the historical periods prior to the Spin-off.
We only recognize the tax benefits from income tax positions that have a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being sustained upon
examination by the taxing authorities.
A liability is recorded for uncertain tax positions when there is a 50 percent or less likelihood such tax
position would be sustained based on its technical merits
. We re-evaluate uncertain tax positions upon changes in facts and circumstances,
changes in tax law or guidance, and upon effective settlement of issues with tax authorities. We classify interest on tax deficiencies or
overpayments as interest expense or income in Interest and other financial charges – net and income tax penalties as a Provision (benefit)
for income taxes in the Consolidated and Combined Statement of Income (Loss).
2024 FORM 10-K
60
We record deferred taxes on the future tax consequences of differences between the financial statement carrying value of our assets and
liabilities and their respective tax basis. The realization of deferred tax assets depends on sufficient sources of taxable income. Possible
sources of taxable income include taxable income in carry-back periods, the future reversal of existing taxable temporary differences
recorded as a deferred tax liability, tax-