unfavorable ways. Any reductions or the elimination of governmental
incentives or policies that support renewable energy could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
cash flows, financial condition, and prospects.
Parts of our business benefit significantly from government policies that support utility
scale renewable energy and enhance the economic feasibility of such projects in regions in which we operate or plan to develop and
operate renewable energy facilities. In a number of economic regions and countries, notably in the U.S., EU, Japan, and South Korea, the
federal governments and some state and other local governments provide incentives, such as tax incentives, renewable portfolio
standards, or feed-in-tariffs, that support or are designed to support the sale of energy from utility scale renewable energy facilities, such as
wind, hydro, and solar energy facilities and support the manufacture of products to be used in these facilities. As a result of budgetary
constraints, political factors or otherwise, governments from time to time may review such laws and policies and take actions that would be
less conducive to the development and operation of renewable energy facilities or to the manufacture of products for these facilities. Any
reductions or the elimination of governmental incentives or policies that support renewable energy, such as the imposition of additional
taxes or other assessments on renewable energy, could result in the lack of a satisfactory market for the development and/or financing of
new renewable energy projects, our abandoning the development of renewable energy projects, reduced return on the manufacture of
products for these facilities, or a loss of our investments in such projects or reduced project returns from such projects. Additionally, a broad
decline in public support or a rollback of policy support for renewable energy technologies could adversely impact our business.
2024 FORM 10-K
19
In the U.S., the IRA includes incentives for development and production of renewable energy. In particular, the IRA extends the availability
of investment tax credits (ITCs) and production tax credits (PTCs) to certain renewable energy projects and provides a credit for the
manufacture of qualifying products. We and our tax equity partners benefit from ITCs and PTCs with respect to qualifying renewable energy
projects. In structuring tax equity partnerships and determining ITC and PTC eligibility, we have relied upon applicable tax law and
published In
ternal Revenue Service (IRS) guidanc
e. However, the application of law and guidance regarding ITC and PTC eligibility to the
facts of particular renewable energy projects is subject to a number of uncertainties. The IRS, Department of Treasury, and Congress may
modify existing guidance with respect to the application of the IRA, possibly with retroactive effect. We may face uncertainties as a result of
efforts to pass legislation to repeal,