coal generation to more electricity generated from zero- or low-carbon
energy sources, and an evolving balance of generation sources will be necessary to maintain a reliable, resilient and affordable
system.
•
Energy resilience & security
– Threats and challenges from extreme weather events, cyber-attacks, and geopolitical tensions have
increased focus on the strength and resilience of power generation and transmission and reinforced the need for a diversified mix of
energy sources.
•
Grid modernization and investment
– Increased demand and the integration of advanced generation and storage solutions drive the
need to update aging infrastructure with new grid integration and automation solutions.
•
Regulatory and policy changes
– Government policies and regulations, such as carbon pricing, renewable energy mandates, and
subsidies for renewable energy technologies, can significantly impact the power generation landscape. Staying ahead of regulatory
changes and adapting to new compliance requirements is crucial for maintaining a competitive advantage.
•
Financial and investment dynamics
– Access to capital and investment trends in the energy sector can influence the development and
deployment of new power generation projects. Understanding market dynamics and securing funding are key to progressing strategic
initiatives.
TRANSITION TO STAND-ALONE
CO
MPANY
Financial Presentation Under GE Ownership.
We completed our separation from
General Electric Company (GE)
, which now operates
as GE Aerospace, on April 2, 2024 (the Spin-Off). In connection with the Spin-Off, GE distrib
ute
d all of the shares of our common stock to
its stockholders and we became an independent company.
Historically, as a business of GE, we relied on GE to manage certain of our
operations and provide certain services, the costs of which were either allocated or directly billed to us. Accordingly, our historical costs for
such services may not necessarily reflect the actual expenses we would have incurred, or will incur, as an independent company and may
not reflect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows had we been a separate, stand-alone company during the historical
periods presented.
See Note
1
in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements for further information
.
Stand-Alone Company Expenses.
As a result of the Spin-Off, we are subject to the requirements of the federal and state securities laws
and stock exchange requirements. We have
established
additional procedures and practices as a stand-alone public company. As a result,
we
are incurring
additional costs related to external reporting, internal audit, treasury, investor relations, corporate governance, and stock
administration.
Production Tax Credit
Investments.
Our Financial Services business offers a wide range of financial solutions to customers and projects
that utilize our Power and Wind products and services. These solutions historically included making minority