various circumstances. Failure to obtain or comply with the conditions of approvals, licenses, or
permits may adversely affect our operations by suspending our activities or curtailing our work and may subject us to penalties and other
sanctions. For example, our nuclear operations in the U.S. are subject to regulation by the NRC. Failure to obtain approval or renewal of
our NRC licenses could result in significant disruptions to our nuclear business. Obtaining licenses and permits can be subject to extended
time delays due to governmental requirements and policies as well as local official processes and availability.
Although existing licenses are routinely renewed by various regulators, renewal could be denied or jeopardized by various factors, including
the failure to comply with EHS laws and regulations, the failure to comply with permit conditions, violations found during inspections or
otherwise, or local community, political, or other opposition.
In addition, concerns about climate change and increased environmental activism could slowdown regulatory approval of fossil fuel-based
power generation activities that could negatively impact the related products, solutions, and services we provide to customers. If new
legislation or regulations are enacted or implemented, or if existing laws or regulations are amended or are interpreted or enforced
differently, we may be required to obtain additional operating approvals, licenses, or permits. Moreover, changes in industry standards and
governmental regulations may cause us to incur substantial costs to adapt our products, solutions, and services. Our inability to obtain, and
to comply with, the approvals, licenses, or permits required for our business could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, our
customers are often required to obtain, and comply with, approvals, licenses, or permits required for their businesses, and their failure to
obtain, or comply with, those approvals, licenses, or permits
may n
egatively impact our ability to provide products and services to them and
to execute our projects.
The physical effects of climate change, including weather disruptions and related effects, could adversely impact our business.
The physical effects of climate change can include extreme variability in weather patterns such as increased frequency and severity of
significant weather events (e.g., flooding, hurricanes, and tropical storms), natural hazards (e.g., increased wildfire risk), rising mean
temperature and sea levels, and long-term changes in precipitation patterns (e.g., drought, desertification, or poor water quality). Climate
change may also produce general changes in weather or other environmental conditions, including temperature or precipitation levels, and
thus may impact consumer demand for electricity generation. Such effects have the potential to affect business continuity and operating
results, and could disrupt our operations or those of our customers or suppliers,