10-Q
10
NOTE
1
.
ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
Organization.
On April 2, 2024, General Electric Company, which now operates as GE Aerospace (GE or Parent) completed the previously
announced spin-off (the Spin-Off) of GE Vernova Inc. (the Company, GE Vernova, our, we, or us). See Note 1 and Note 24 in the Notes to
our
audited consolidated and combined financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31,
2024 for further information
. Our common stock is listed under the symbol "GEV" on the New York Stock Exchange.
GE Vernova is a global leader in the electric power industry, with products and services that generate, transfer, orchestrate, convert, and
store electricity. We design, manufacture, deliver, and service technologies to create a more reliable and sustainable electric power system,
enabling electrification and decarbonization, underpinning the progress and prosperity of the communities we serve. We report our financial
results across
three
business segments:
•
Our Power segment includes design, manufacture, and servicing of gas, nuclear, hydro, and steam technologies, providing a
critical foundation of dispatchable, flexible, stable, and reliable power.
•
Our Wind segment includes our wind generation technologies, inclusive of onshore and offshore wind turbines and blades.
•
Our Electrification segment includes grid solutions, power conversion and storage, and electrification software technologies
required for the transmission, distribution, conversion, storage, and orchestration of electricity from point of
generation to point of
consumption. Effective January 1, 2025, our Power Conversion and Solar & Storage Solutions business units within our
Electrification segment were combined to form a new business unit, Power Conversion & Storage. Historical financial information
presented within this report conforms to the new business unit structure within the Electrification segment.
Basis of Presentation.
For periods prior to the Spin-Off, the
unaudited
combined financial statements have been derived from the
consolidated financial statements and accounting records of GE, including the historical cost basis of assets and liabilities comprising the
Company, as well as the historical revenues, direct costs, and allocations of indirect costs attributable to the operations of the Company,
using the historical accounting policies applied by GE. The unaudited combined financial statements do not purport to reflect what the
results of operations, comprehensive income, financial position, or cash flows would have been had the Company operated as a separate,
stand-alone entity during the periods prior to the Spin-Off
.
We have prepared the accompanying unaudited consolidated and combined financial statements pursuant to the rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) applicable to interim financial statements. Accordingly, certain information related to our
significant