website at www.gevernova.com/investors/fls.
We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise our forward-looking statements except as may be required by law or regulation.
2024 FORM 10-K
4
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
INTRODUCTION.
GE Vernova Inc.
(the Company, GE Vernova, our, we, or us)
is a global leader in the electric power industry, with
products
and services that generate, transfer, orchestrate, convert, and store electricity. We design, manufacture, deliver, and service
technologies to create a more reliable, secure, and sustainable electric power system, enabling electrification and decarbonization,
underpinning the progress and prosperity of the communities we serve. We are a purpose-built company, positioned with a unique scope
and scale of solutions to help accelerate the energy transition, while servicing and growing our installed base and strengthening our own
profitability and stockholder returns. We have a strong history of innovation, which is a key strength enabling us to meet our customers’
needs.
The breadth of our portfolio also enables us to provide an extensive range of technologies and integrated solutions to help advance our
customers’ energy and sustainability goals. Our installed base generates approximately 25% of the world’s electricity. We build, modernize,
and service power systems to help our customers electrify their operations and economies, meet power demand growth, improve system
reliability and resiliency, and navigate the energy transition through limiting and reducing emissions. The portfolio of equipment and
services that we deliver is diversified across technology types and is adaptable based on electric power market conditions and demand.
GE Vernova Inc
. is a Delaware corporation with corporate headquarters in Cambridge, Massachusetts. On April 2, 2024, General Electric
Company (GE), which now operates as GE Aerospace,
completed the previously announced spin-off (the Spin-Off) of GE Vernova.
In
connection with the Spin-Off, GE distributed all of the shares of our common stock to its stockholders and we became an independent
company. See Note
1
in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements for further information
regarding the Spin-Off.
COMPANY STRATEGY.
GE Vernova is positioned as an industry leader to fulfill the growing demand for electrical power, while driving
the energy transition forward. Our focus is on supplying our customers with products and services necessary to deliver reliable, affordable,
and sustainable electricity. We expect significant growth in demand for the offerings we provide to the electric power industry.
Our company strategy is focused on:
•
Delivering on global sustainability, by developing, providing, and servicing technologies that enable electrification and
decarbonization.
•
Maintaining and enhancing strong relationships with many of the leading and largest utilities, developers, governments, and
electricity users.
•
Servicing the existing installed