or design of our products, timeliness of delivery or other aspects of our commercial relationships. Given the nature of our
business, which often involves large projects and long-term commercial relationships, such claims, whether asserted in commercial
discussions, litigation or other types of proceedings, can be for significant amounts.
Global enforcement of anti-corruption laws, such as the FCPA, has increased substantially in recent years, with more frequent voluntary
self-disclosure by companies, aggressive investigations (including coordinated investigations across countries and governmental
authorities) and enforcement proceedings by U.S. and non-U.S. governmental agencies, and assessment of significant civil and criminal
fines, penalties, and other sanctions against companies and individuals. We may face liability under anti-corruption laws based upon
actions or inactions even when they are not subject to our control. Our global activities can also subject us to legacy legal proceedings and
legal compliance risks that relate to claimed anti-competitive conduct or improper payments of certain companies we acquire during the
pre-acquisition periods. Such investigations or government scrutiny may also impact our ability to participate in various governmental
financing programs and could limit our access to project financing from multilateral development banks and the World Bank.
Due to the inherent uncertainties associated with the resolution of claims, litigation, regulatory proceedings, investigations, and
enforcement actions, it is often difficult to accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such actions or proceedings. The outcome of such
claims, actions, lawsuits, investigations, and proceedings, is often difficult to assess or quantify, as plaintiffs or regulatory agencies may
seek injunctive relief or recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss may remain unknown for
substantial periods of time or until the time of a final judgment, award, order or settlement. Given that our business involves large scale
infrastructure projects and products and service contracts with a long duration, we are involved in commercial litigation or disputes from
time to time where the initial amounts claimed by counterparties have been and may be large, even if ultimately our liability or settlement
amounts to resolve such claims is significantly lower. In addition, plaintiffs in many types of actions may seek punitive damages, civil
penalties, consequential damages or other losses, or injunctive or declaratory relief.
Activist stockholders advocating for certain governance or strategic changes may also bring actions against us. These proceedings or
actions could result in substantial cost and may require us to devote substantial resources to defend ourselves and distract our
management from the operation of our business.
While we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does not