for further information.
Derivatives and Hedging.
We use derivatives to reduce the earnings, equity, and cash flow volatility associated with risks related to
foreign currency and commodity prices. We use derivatives solely for managing risks and do not use derivatives for speculative purposes.
Accounting for derivatives as hedges requires that, at inception and over the term of the arrangement, the hedged item and related
derivative meet the requirements for hedge accounting. In evaluating whether a particular relationship qualifies for hedge accounting, we
test effectiveness at inception and each reporting period thereafter by determining whether changes in the fair value of the derivative
instrument offset, within a specified range, changes in the fair value of the hedged item. If fair value changes fail this test, we discontinue
the application of hedge accounting to that relationship prospectively. Fair value of both the derivative instrument and the hedged item are
calculated using internal valuation models incorporating market-based assumptions.
We use economic hedges when we have exposures to foreign exchange and commodity risk for which we are unable to meet the
requirements for hedge accounting. These derivatives are not designated as hedges from an accounting standpoint but otherwise serve the
same economic purpose as other hedging arrangements. Although derivatives may be effective economic hedges, there may be a net
effect on earnings in each period due to differences in the timing of earnings recognition between the derivatives and the hedged items.
See Note
20
for further information.
Equity Method Investments.
Investments in which we have the ability to exercise significant influence, but do not control, are accounted
for under the equity method of accounting. While a voting percentage of 20% is generally presumed to demonstrate significant influence,
other indicators such as board representation or participation in policy-making processes are considered in determining whether significant
influence exists. Equity method investments are assessed for other-than-temporary impairment when events occur or circumstances
change that indicate it is more likely than not the fair value of the asset is below its carrying
value
. Our proportionate interest in any intra-
entity profits or losses of an equity method investment are eliminated until the related profit and losses are realized by the investee. Our
share of the results of equity method investments is recognized within Other (income) expense – net in the Consolidated and Combined
Statement of Income (Loss).
See Note
11
for further information.
Variable Interest Entities.
Arrangements in which voting or similar rights may not be indicative of control are reviewed under the guidance
for variable interest entities (VIEs). We consolidate VIEs for which we are the primary beneficiary, and if we are not the primary beneficiary
and an ownership interest is held, the VIE is generally