underlying GE
credit support under which GE or its subsidiaries remain liable, including a prohibition on certain amendments and on any disposition of
such contracts (including indirectly through dispositions of our subsidiaries). These provisions may restrict us from extending contracts, or
amending contracts in a manner which increases GE’s obligations under, outstanding GE credit support, or require us to obtain third-party
2024 FORM 10-K
30
credit support with respect to such obligations. In each case, these provisions could delay or prevent the accomplishment of our objectives
and adversely affect our business. In addition, so long as obligations remain outstanding under GE credit support, unless GE otherwise
consents, it will be a condition to any acquisition or change of control of GE Vernova that the acquiring person have the financial and
operational capacity to satisfy those obligations, have unsecured investment grade ratings, and agree to be bound by all the same
provisions applicable to us under the Separation and Distribution Agreement with respect to the GE credit support, or we, or such acquiring
person will be required to provide third-party credit support reasonably acceptable to GE with respect to such GE credit support. This
condition may discourage, delay, or prevent certain types of transactions involving an actual or a threatened acquisition, or change in
control of GE Vernova, including unsolicited takeover attempts, even though the transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to
sell their shares of our common stock at a price above the prevailing market price. For more information on our obligations pertaining to the
GE credit support, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity—Parent
Company Credit Support” and “Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions—Separation and Distribution Agreement—Credit
Support” in the Information Statement.
We or GE may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that were executed as part of the separation.
In connection
with the separation, we and GE entered into various transaction agreements related to the Spin-Off. All of these agreements govern our
relationship with GE . We rely on GE to satisfy its performance obligations under these agreements. If we or GE are unable to satisfy our or
its respective obligations under these agreements, including indemnification obligations, our business, results of operations, cash flows,
and financial condition could be adversely affected. See “Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions” in the Information
Statement.
Certain non-U.S. entities or assets that are part of our separation from GE were not transferred to us prior to the Spin-Off and
may not be at all.
Certain non-U.S. entities and assets that were part of our separation from GE were not transferred prior to the Spin-Off
because the entities or assets, as applicable, were subject to foreign