experience, disruptions related to availability of components and materials sourced from single suppliers, but the impact to our
operations and financial results of such disruptions have not been material. However, if one of these suppliers were unable to provide us
with a raw material or component we need, our ability to manufacture some of our products or provide some of our services could be
adversely affected if and to the extent that we are unable to find a sufficient alternative supply channel in a reasonable period of time or on
commercially reasonable terms in light of the circumstances.
Disruptions in deliveries, capacity constraints, production disruptions up-or down-stream, price increases, cyber- related attacks, or
decreased availability of raw materials or commodities, including as a result of war, natural disasters, actual or threatened public health
emergencies, increased tariffs or import or export restrictions, or other business continuity events, adversely affect our operations and,
depending on the length and severity of the disruption, could limit our ability to manufacture products on a timely basis and could harm our
financial results. Additionally, nonperformance or underperformance by third-party suppliers could materially impact our ability to perform
obligations to our customers, which could result in a customer terminating their contract with us, exposing us to liability, and substantially
impairing our ability to compete for future contracts and orders.
Furthermore, we depend on multiple routes and modes of transport to acquire components and materials used in our operations. We are
vulnerable to disruptions in transport and logistics activities due to weather-related problems, strikes, lockouts, inadequacy of roadways,
transportation infrastructure and port facilities, hostilities, acts of terrorism, or other events. We are also subject to fluctuations in the costs
of transportation. We may be unable to store components and materials sufficient for more than a limited period of production, which
increases our dependence on efficient logistics. In addition, during transport and shipping, our products and/or their components and
materials may become damaged. Such factors could also result in liability and significant reputational harm. These factors could adversely
impact our ability to deliver quality products, solutions, and services to our customers and may have a substantial adverse impact on our
business activities, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
Any interruption in the operations of our manufacturing facilities may impair our ability to deliver or provide products, solutions,
and services.
We are dependent on our global production and operating network to develop, manufacture, assemble, supply, and service
our offerings. A work stoppage, labor shortage, or other production limitation, including i
mport or export restrictions
, or transportation
issues, among others, could adversely