subsidiaries structure, operations, sales, liquidity, cash flows, capital requirements,
effective tax rate and performance. For example, legislative or regulatory measures by U.S. federal, state or non-U.S. governments such as
newly adopted global minimum taxes or other changes to the treatment of global income could increase our cash tax costs and effective tax
rate. We are unable to predict what tax reforms may be proposed or enacted in the future or what effect such changes would have on our
business, but such changes could potentially result in higher tax expense and payments, along with increasing the complexity, burden, and
cost of compliance.
Our tax burden could increase as a result of ongoing or future tax audits.
We are subject to periodic tax audits by tax authorities. Tax
authorities may not agree with our interpretation of applicable tax laws and regulations. As a result, such tax authorities may assess
additional tax, interest, and penalties. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits and other tax disputes to determine the
appropriateness of our tax provision and establish reserves for material, known tax exposures. However, the calculation of such tax
exposures involves the application of complex tax laws and regulations in many jurisdictions. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we
will accurately predict the outcomes of any tax audit or other tax dispute or that issues raised by tax authorities will be resolved at a
financial cost that does not exceed our related reserves. As such, the actual outcomes of these disputes and other tax audits could have a
material impact on our financial results.
Our ability to use deferred tax assets may be subject to limitation.
We have deferred tax assets in certain countries and our ability to
use such assets will depend on taxable income generation in the relevant countries. Further, while the majority of these assets either do not
currently have an expiration date or have an expiration date that is later than when we expect to use such assets, subsequent changes to
applicable tax laws in these jurisdictions could impact our ability to fully benefit from the deferred tax assets.
Risks Relating to the Spin-Off
The Spin-Off could result in significant tax liability to GE and its stockholders if it is determined to be a taxable transaction.
GE
received a private letter ruling from the IRS to the effect that, among other things, the Spin-Off, qualifies as a transaction that is tax-free for
U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code. In connection with the completion of the Spin-Off, GE
received a written opinion from each of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP and Ernst & Young, LLP to the effect that the Spin-
Off qualifies for non-recognition of gain and loss under Section 355 and related provisions of the Code.
The opinion of counsel and the opinion of Ernst & Young, LLP did not address any U.S. state or local or foreign tax