experience temporary business interruptions, and we may not be adequately
prepared to meet the requirements of an independent, publicly traded company on a timely or cost-effective basis.
Prior to the
Spin-Off, we operated as part of GE, and GE provided us with various corporate functions. Following the Spin-Off, GE does not provide us
with assistance other than the transition and other services described under “Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions” in
the Information Statement. These services do not include every service that we received from GE in the past, and GE is only obligated to
provide the transition services for limited periods following completion of the Spin-Off. Following the cessation of any transition services
agreements, we need to provide internally or obtain from unaffiliated third parties the services we will no longer receive from GE. Although
we have made progress in providing and obtaining such services, we may be unable to replace all of these services in a timely manner or
on terms and conditions as favorable as those we receive from GE.
Since the Spin-Off, we have been installing and implementing IT infrastructure to support certain of our business functions, including
accounting and financial reporting, human resources, legal and compliance, communications, and indirect sourcing. We may incur
substantially higher costs than anticipated as we continue our transition from the existing transactional and operational systems and data
centers we used as part of GE. If we are unable to complete our transition effectively, we may incur temporary interruptions in business
operations. Any delay in implementing, or operational interruptions suffered while implementing, our new IT infrastructure could disrupt our
business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
In addition, we are subject to reporting and other obligations under the Exchange Act. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual,
quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition.
Beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2025, we will be required to conduct an
annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting and include a report by our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting. Under the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes Oxley Act), we are also required to
maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures. These reporting and other obligations may place significant demands on
management, administrative, and operational resources, including accounting systems and resources. If we fail to comply with financial
reporting requirements and other rules that apply to reporting companies under the Exchange Act, we may be unable to conclude that our
internal control over financial reporting is effective. If we are not able to