consolidated and combined financial statements for further information regarding our net gains (losses) from foreign currency
transactions.
*Non-GAAP Financial Measure
2024 FORM 10-K
48
Foreign exchange rate risk is managed with a variety of techniques, including selective use of derivatives. It is our policy to minimize
currency exposures
by
conducting operations either within functional currencies or using the protection of hedging strategies.
A 10%
increase in exchange rates
against the U.S. dollar would have decreased our net income for the year ended December 31, 2024 by
approximately $0.1 billion. This analysis considered the net currency exposure of foreign currency denominated monetary items and
hedging instruments.
Interest Rate Risk.
We are subject to interest rate risks in the ordinary course of our business. The level of our interest rate risk is
dependent on our debt exposure and capital structure and is sensitive to changes in the general level of interest rates. Historical
fluctuations in interest rates have not been significant for us; however, this may vary in the future as our capital structure changes.
Commodity Risk
.
Our operations require the use of various commodities
.
Fluctuations in the prices and availability of these commodities
can impact our cost of equipment sold and thus our profitability. To mitigate this risk, we have implemented various strategies, including
commercial actions, diversification of supplier base, and derivative instruments. We continuously monitor our exposure to commodity price
fluctuations and adjust our risk management strategies as necessary.
See Note
20
in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements for further information regarding our risk exposures, our
use of derivatives, and the effects of this activity on our consolidated and combined financial statements.
2024 FORM 10-K
49
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
AUDITOR'S REPORT
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of GE Vernova Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated and combined statements of financial position of GE Vernova Inc. and subsidiaries (the
"Company") as of December 31, 2024, and 2023, the related consolidated and combined statements of income (loss), comprehensive
income (loss), changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024, and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the