disputes, or other delays. If a large customer was to experience difficulties in fulfilling its obligations to us, cease doing business with us,
significantly reduce the amount of its purchases from us, favor competitors or new entrants, change its purchasing patterns, or impose
unexpected fees on us, our business may be harmed. In addition, many of our customer contracts are complex and contain warranty and
other provisions that could cause us to incur significant repair or replacement costs, penalties, liquidated or other damages, and/or
unanticipated expenses with respect to the timely delivery, functionality, quality, deployment, operation, and availability of our products,
solutions, and services. For example, we face risks in our Wind business related to our ability to assemble and deliver specific components
such as nacelles on the timelines and schedules detailed and otherwise comply with our customer contracts. Failure to adhere to
requirements under our customer agreements, whether such failure is actual or alleged, has resulted in and could in the future result in
higher potential costs, present litigation risks, or expose us to liquidated or other damages.
Our customers include numerous governmental owned or affiliated entities within and outside the U.S., including the U.S. federal
government and state and local entities. Some of those contracts could be subject to the risk of delay, modification, or termination if future
government funding or support is not available. We also at times face greater challenges with the timely collection of receivables with
customers that are sovereign governments, government owned entities, or customers located in emerging markets.
Our ability to maintain our investment grade credit ratings could affect our ability to access capital, could increase our interest
rates, and could limit our ability to secure new contracts or business opportunities.
The success of our commercial relationships is
predicated on our ability to maintain our corporate investment grade ratings. Our credit risk is evaluated by major independent rating
agencies. Any future downgrades of our credit ratings could increase our cost of borrowing of any indebtedness we may incur. Adverse
changes in our investment grade credit ratings could affect our borrowing and bonding capacity and terms in the future, may increase our
interest expense or other costs of capital, or capital may not be available to us on competitive terms, or at all, and may reduce our ability to
secure new contracts or business opportunities with operating partners, suppliers, and customers, each of which would negatively impact
our financial performance. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings, and any changes or downgrades
related to our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade, may have a negative impact
on our liquidity, capital position, bonding capacity, and access to