finance, supply
chain, human resources, IT, insurance, employee benefits, and other expenses that are either specifically identifiable or clearly applicable
to GE Vernova. These expenses have been allocated to us on the basis of direct usage when identifiable, with the remainder allocated on a
pro rata basis using an applicable measure of headcount, revenue, or other allocation methodologies that are considered to be a
reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided or the benefit received by GE Vernova during the periods presented.
Management considers that such allocations have been made on a reasonable basis; however, these allocations may not be indicative of
the actual expense that would have been incurred had we operated as an independent, stand-alone public entity.
Revenue Recognition on Service Agreements.
We have long-term service agreements with our customers within our Power and Wind
segments that require us to maintain the customers’ assets over the contract terms, which generally range from 5 to 25 years.
Power.
Within Power, these long-term service agreements, which we refer to as contractual service agreements, generally include
maintenance associated with major outage events and revenues are recognized as we perform under the arrangements using the
percentage of completion method, which is based on costs incurred relative to our estimate of total expected costs. This requires us to
make estimates of customer payments expected to be received over the contract term as well as the costs to perform required
maintenance services.
Customers generally pay us based on the utilization of the asset (per hour of usage for example) or upon the occurrence of a major
maintenance event within the contract. As a result, a significant estimate in determining expected revenues of a contract is estimating how
customers will utilize their assets over the term of the agreement. The estimate of utilization, which can change over the contract life,
impacts both the amount of customer payments we expect to receive and our estimate of future contract costs. Customers’ asset utilization
will influence the timing and extent of maintenance events over the life of the contract. We generally use historical utilization trends in
developing our revenue estimates. To develop our cost estimates, we consider the timing and extent of future maintenance events,
including the amount and cost of labor, spare parts and other resources required to perform the services.
We routinely review estimates under long-term service agreements and regularly revise them to adjust for changes in outlook. These
revisions are based on objectively verifiable information that is available at the time of the review. Contract modifications that change the
rights and obligations, as well as the nature, timing and extent of future cash flows, are evaluated for potential price concessions, contract
asset impairments and significant financing to determine if adjustments of