affect our manufacturing facilities and negatively impact our reputation and market position. In
addition, manufacturing disruptions related to significant public health and safety events, severe weather, financial distress, unscheduled
downtimes, manufacturing deviations, quality issues, production constraints, mechanical failures, cybersecurity attacks, and geopolitical
dynamics and risks could interrupt our ability to deliver or provide certain products, solutions, and services. Such risks may be heightened
in emerging market countries, which may be subject to varying degrees of economic, political, and social instability.
We also have internal dependencies on certain key manufacturing or other facilities. For example, our Onshore and Offshore Wind
businesses are, and may in the future be, reliant on our internal ability to manufacture blades for wind turbines through our LM Wind Power
business, which accounts for a substantial percentage of our wind blade production. Similarly, we internally manufacture certain specialized
transformers for our Grid Solutions business. If we are unable to produce or assemble these components internally in sufficient quantities,
2024 FORM 10-K
13
due to disturbances at a certain production location or for any other reason, we may be forced to increase the volume of wind turbine
blades or transformers purchased from external suppliers which could lead to delays, quality control issues, or additional costs.
Any significant event affecting one of our production or operating facilities may result in a disruption to our ability to supply customers. The
impact of these risks is heightened if our production capacity is at or near full utilization (or if we lack alternative manufacturing sites) and
could result in our inability to accept orders or deliver products in a timely manner. Additionally, significant capital investment to increase
manufacturing capacity may be required to expand our business or meet increased demand for existing or newly introduced products in the
future. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects.
Our failure to manage customer relationships and customer contracts could adversely affect our financial results.
An important
element of our success is our ability to manage customer relationships, while delivering against our contractual requirements and
anticipating changes in customer requirements and circumstances. Existing or potential customers may delay or cancel plans to purchase
our products, solutions, and services, including large infrastructure projects, and may not be able to fulfill their obligations to us in a timely
fashion or at all as a result of business deterioration, cash flow shortages, shifts in the availability of financing for certain types of projects or
technologies (such as prohibitions on financing for fossil fuel-based projects or technologies), macroeconomic conditions, changes in law,