comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley
Act in a timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over
financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of shares of our common stock could decline and we could
be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and
management resources.
Moreover, we cannot be certain that these measures would ensure that we implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial
processes and reporting in the future. Even if we were to conclude, and our auditors were to concur, that our internal control over financial
reporting provided reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP, because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting might not
2024 FORM 10-K
29
prevent or detect fraud or misstatements. This, in turn, could have an adverse impact on trading prices for shares of our common stock,
and could adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets.
We have limited operating history as an independent, publicly traded company, and our historical combined financial information
is not necessarily representative of the results we would have achieved as an independent, publicly traded company and may not
be a reliable indicator of our future results.
We derived the historical combined financial information for 2022 and 2023 included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K from GE’s consolidated financial statements, and this information does not necessarily reflect the results of
operations, cash flows, and financial position we would have achieved as an independent, publicly traded company during the periods
presented, or those that we will achieve in the future. This is primarily because of the following factors:
•
Prior to the Spin-Off, we operated as part of GE, and GE performed various corporate functions for us. Our historical combined
financial information for 2022 and 2023 reflects allocations of corporate expenses from GE for these functions. These allocations
may not reflect the costs we have incurred or will incur for similar services as an independent, publicly traded company.
•
The agreements and transactions we entered into with GE in connection with the Spin-Off, such as GE’s provision of transition
and other services and indemnification obligations, have caused and will continue to cause us to incur new costs. See “Certain
Relationships and Related Person Transactions—Agreements with GE” in the Information Statement.
•
Our historical combined financial information for 2022 and 2023 does not reflect changes that we have experienced and that we
expect to continue to experience as a result of our separation from GE, including changes in the