guarantees, associated with GE Vernova
legal entities from GE to GE Vernova. For GE credit support that remained outstanding at the Spin-Off, GE Vernova is obligated to use
reasonable best efforts to terminate or replace, and obtain a full release of GE’s obligations and liabilities under, all such credit support.
Beginning in April 2025, GE Vernova will pay a quarterly fee to GE based on amounts related to the GE credit support.
GE Vernova is
subject to other contractual restrictions and requirements while GE continues to be obligated under such credit support on behalf of GE
Vernova. In addition, while GE will remain obligated under the contract or instrument, GE Vernova will be obligated to indemnify GE for
credit support related payments that GE is required to make and possible related costs.
*Non-GAAP Financial Measure
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
28
As of
March 31, 2025
, we estimated GE Vernova RPO and other obligations that relate to GE credit support to be approximately
$15 billion
,
an over
59%
reduction since the Spin-Off. We expect approximately
$9 billion
of the RPO related to GE credit support obligations to
contractually mature by December 31, 2029. The underlying obligations are predominantly customer contracts that GE Vernova performs in
the normal course of its business. We have no known instances historically where payments or performance from GE were required under
parent company guarantees relating to GE Vernova customer contracts.
RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
.
In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
ASU No. 2024-03,
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses (DISE).
The new standard requires disclosure about specific types of
expenses included in the expense captions presented on the face of the income statement as well as disclosure about selling expenses.
The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027,
with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on the disclosures within our consolidated
and combined financial statements.
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
. The
amendments require disclosure of specific categories in the rate reconciliation and provide additional information for reconciling items that
meet a quantitative threshold and further disaggregation of income taxes paid for individually significant jurisdictions. The ASU is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024.
We are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on the disclosures
within our consolidated and combined financial statements.
The Company will adopt the new annual disclosures as required for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2025
.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
.
To prepare our consolidated and combined financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP,