of our products. Our ability to design, market, sell, and distribute our products
globally depends upon our compliance with laws and regulations in each jurisdiction.
We design and manufacture sophisticated, innovative products and services for the energy sector, which are subject to EHS and
sustainability regulations. These regulations, such as the Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals
(
REACH
) regulation of the European Union (EU), include those governing chemicals and components used or generated by
products or manufacturing processes, such as per/polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), contained in components and products
sourced in connection with manufacturing and services operations. In addition, some of our operations involve the handling, use,
transportation, and disposal of radioactive and hazardous materials, including nuclear fuel, nuclear power
devices and
their
components. We are subject to international, federal, state, and local regulations governing the handling, use, transportation, and
disposal of such materials.
Some of our businesses are subject to product regulatory regimes specific to their sector. In particular:
◦
Nuclear.
Our nuclear products and technologies are regulated through country-specific laws and regulations and are
subject to various safety-related requirements imposed by the U.S. Government, the Department of Energy, and the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission (
NRC)
. In the U.S., the NRC oversees the licensing, permitting, and decommissioning of
nuclear sites. Our Nuclear business’s standard process is to work with the national regulatory commissions in order to
comply with all aspects of regulations from permitting at the time of site selection to decommissioning requirements at the
end of life.
◦
Offshore Wind.
The U.S. Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE) is a U.S. federal agency that
oversees the safe and environmentally responsible exploration and development of U.S. offshore energy resources. Our
Offshore Wind business is subject to BSEE regulatory oversight and enforcement in connection with the Vineyard Wind
offshore wind farm off the coast of Massachusetts. For Vineyard Wind, we are the manufacturer and supplier of our newly
developed Haliade-X 220m wind turbines (Haliade-X). In July 2024, a wind turbine blade event occurred at the Vineyard
Wind offshore wind farm as a result of a manufacturing deviation. See Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for further information. The Health and Safety Executive (HSE) is the
authority that oversees health and safety issues in the offshore energy sector in England, Wales, and Scotland. The
Marine Management Organisation (MMO)
oversees environmental issues affecting the offshore energy sector in the
United Kingdom. Our Offshore Wind business is subject to HSE and MMO regulatory oversight and enforcement in
connection with the Dogger Bank offshore wind farm off the