conjunction
with our consolidated and combined financial statements, which are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (GAAP), and corresponding notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion and analysis
provides information that management believes to be relevant to understanding the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company for the
years ended
December 31, 2024
and
2023
. Unless otherwise noted, tables are presented in U.S. dollars in millions,
except for per-share amounts which are presented in U.S. dollars. Certain columns and rows within tables may not add due to the use of
rounded numbers. Percentages presented in this report are calculated from the underlying numbers in millions. Unless otherwise noted,
statements related to changes in operating results relate to the corresponding period in the prior year.
Refer to the "Management's
2024 FORM 10-K
35
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included in the
Information
Statement
for
discussions
of results
for the years ended December 31, 2023 versus 2022.
In the accompanying analysis of financial information, we sometimes use information derived from consolidated and combined financial
data but not presented in our financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Certain of these data are considered “non-GAAP
financial measures” under SEC rules. For the reasons we use these non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to their most
directly comparable GAAP financial measures, see "
—
Non-GAAP Financial Measures."
TRENDS AND FACTORS IMPACTING OUR PERFORMANCE.
We believe our performance and future success depends on a
number of factors that present significant opportunities for us but also pose risks and challenges, including those discussed below and in
Item 1A. "Risk Factors."
Our worldwide operations are affected by regional and global factors impacting energy demand, including industry trends like
decarbonization, an increasing demand for r
enewable
energy alternatives, and changes in broader economic and geopolitical conditions
.
These trends, along with the growing focus on the digitization and sustainability of the electricity infrastructure, drive growth across each of
our business segments. We believe that our industry-defining technologies and commitment to innovation position us well to capitalize on
these long-term trends:
•
Demand growth for electricity generation
– Significant investment, infrastructure, and supply diversity will be essential to help meet
forecasted energy demand growth arising from population and global economic growth.
•
Decarbonization
– The urgency to combat climate change is fueling technology advancements that improve the economic viability and
efficiency of r
enewable
energy alternatives and facilitate the transition to a more sustainable power sector.
•
Evolving generation mix
– The power industry is shifting from