with respect to free cash flow,
and should not rely on any single financial measure to
evaluate our business. The reasons we use these non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to their most directly comparable
U.S. GAAP financial measures follow.
We believe the organic measures presented below provide management and investors with a more complete understanding of underlying
operating results and trends of established, ongoing operations by excluding the effect of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency,
which includes translational and transactional impacts, as these activities can obscure underlying trends.
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
29
(a) Includes intersegment sales of
$126 million
and
$78 million
for the
three months ended
March 31, 2025
and
2024
, respectively. See
Note
22
in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements for further information.
We believe that Adjusted EBITDA* and Adjusted EBITDA margin*, which are adjusted to exclude the effects of unique and/or non-cash
items that are not closely associated with ongoing operations, provide management and investors with meaningful measures of our
performance that increase the period-to-period comparability by highlighting the results from ongoing operations and the underlying
profitability factors. We believe Adjusted organic EBITDA* and Adjusted organic EBITDA margin* provide management and investors with,
when considered with Adjusted EBITDA* and Adjusted EBITDA margin*, a more complete understanding of underlying operating results
and trends of established, ongoing operations by further excluding the effect of acquisitions, dispositions, and foreign currency, which
includes translational and transactional impacts, as these activities can obscure underlying trends. We believe these measures provide
additional insight into how our businesses are performing on a normalized basis. However, Adjusted EBITDA*, Adjusted organic EBITDA*,
Adjusted EBITDA margin* and Adjusted organic EBITDA margin* should not be construed as inferring that our future results will be
unaffected by the items for which the measures adjust.
*Non-GAAP Financial Measure
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
30
See “
—
Capital Resources and Liquidity” for discussion of free cash flow*.
ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
.
We are exposed to market risk
primarily from fluctuations of foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and commodity prices. These exposures are managed and
mitigated with the use of financial instruments, including derivatives contracts. We apply policies to manage these risks, including
prohibitions on speculative activities. The effects of foreign currency fluctuations on earnings were less than $0.1 billion and $(0.1) billion for
the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. For more information about foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, and
commodity risk see Item 7A. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in