sources.
Electrification Software
- supports the transmission, distribution, conversion, storage, and orchestration of electricity from point of
generation to point of consumption.
We continue to experience
robust demand
for our systems, equipment, and services. Demand remains strong for large scale transmission-
related equipment to interconnect renewables and move bulk power. We also continue to benefit from higher growth in orders from other
transmission activities within our Grid Solutions business.
Our Grid Solutions business is positioned to support grid expansion and modernization needs globally.
We participate in the onshore
interconnection sector and the rapidly growing
offshore interconnection sector
with new products and technology. We have developed and
seek to continue developing new technologies with the intention of solving for a denser, more resilient, stable, and efficient electric grid with
lower future greenhouse gas emissions.
We
adjust
pricing and contractual terms of our products and services based on demand, inflation, and industry dynamics. Customer lead-
times have increased as a result of demand outstripping supply, though we are proactively managing this by deploying lean initiatives to
reduce lead-times and drive cost productivity. In addition, we are making investments to expand our capacity and capabilities to support this
continued growth while benefiting from synergies across our Electrification businesses.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.
GE Vernova’s R&D efforts focus on driving the energy transition. We are engineering the
technologies, forging the partnerships, and delivering innovations to electrify and decarbonize the world. We expect to invest approximately
$5 billion of cumulative R&D from 2025 through 2028 across our businesses. Approximately half of this R&D is focused on continuously
2024 FORM 10-K
7
industrializing existing products and supporting our installed base for this decade. The other half is focused on long-term innovation to
deliver our next generation of differentiated products.
R&D is performed within each of our businesses, and at multiple locations around the world, including at our research facilities in
Niskayuna, New York and Bangalore, India, which we refer to collectively as Advanced Research. Advanced Research partners with our
businesses on programs to create the technology breakthroughs that will feed our future product roadmaps. They are guided by our
customers’ demands for sustainable, affordable, resilient, and secure energy. Additionally, Advanced Research partners with other
established and start-up companies and educational institutions to incubate and commercialize new technology and launch new
businesses in markets that are key to the energy transition but go beyond GE Vernova’s core businesses.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.
We have a substantial portfolio of intellectual property (
IP)
assets, registered and unregistered, that
protect both our investments in R&D across our businesses as