overall fleet availability. We are reducing product variants and deploying repairs and
other corrective measures across the fleet. Concurrently, we intend to operate in fewer geographies and focus on those geographic regions
that a
lign better with our products and supply chain footprin
t, positioning our workhorse products to targeted countries. Our volume mix has
shifted towards the U.S., currently representing approximately 75% of Onshore Wind's equipment RPO, while our international volume has
become smaller and more profitable. Specifically in the U.S., the
IRA
introduced new, and extended existing, tax incentives, significantly
improving project economics for our customers and tu
rbine producers. Our projects in the U.S. generally benefit from incentives available to
our customers and broadly available IRA incentives
.
We will continue to monitor government actions for any changes that could adversely
impact the market for wind turbine manufacturers.
Finally
, we are continuing our restructuring
program
to reduce our operating costs and
are seeing the benefits both operationally and financially
.
At Offshore Wind
, we continue to experience pressure related to our product and project costs and execution timelines, as we deliver on
our existing backlog. We are committed to driving quality improvements, installation efficiencies, and cost productivity. Similar to Onshore
Wind,
we have embarked on a restructuring program to reduce our operating costs
.
Electrification.
Our Electrification segment includes grid solutions, power conversion, solar and storage solutions, which we collectively
refer to as Electrification Systems, and Electrification Software, that provide products and services required for the transmission,
distribution, conversion, storage, and orchestration of electricity from point of generation to point of consumption. Several of the key
offerings in this segment, for example, include our high-voltage direct current transmission (HVDC) products, power transformers,
switchgear, and our grid automation related products and services.
Grid Solutions
- enables power utilities and industries worldwide to effectively manage electricity from the point of generation to
consumption, helping the reliability,
efficiency, and
resiliency of the grid. Offerings include a comprehensive portfolio of equipment,
hardware, protection and control, automation, and digital services. Grid Solutions also addresses the challenges of the energy transition by
safely and reliably connecting intermittent renewable energy generation to transmission networks.
Power Conversion
- applies the science and systems of power conversion to provide motors, generators, automation, and control
equipment, and drives for energy intensive industries such as marine, oil and gas, mining, rail, metals, and test systems.
Solar & Storage Solutions
- provides integration of renewable energies that drive stability to the grid and integrates storage and renewable
energy generation