in
2025
to fund such benefits
.
(a) Represents projected benefit obligation for pension plans and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for principal retiree benefit
plans.
2024 FORM 10-K
69
(a) Service cost - operating is an operating expense included in Selling, general, and administrative expenses and Cost of equipment and
Cost of services in our Consolidated and Combined Statement of Income (Loss).
(b) For
2024
, ultimately declining to
5.00
%
for
2034
and thereafter.
(a)
Primarily due to the impact of discount rates.
(b)
Primarily relates to plans allocated to GE Vernova on January 1, 2023.
(c)
The benefit obligation for the GE Energy Supplementary Pension Plan, which is an unfunded plan, was
$
533
million
and
$
541
million
at
December 31,
2024
and 2023, respectively.
(d)
The benefit obligation for retiree health plan was
$
429
million
and
$
447
million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
2024 FORM 10-K
70
Assumptions Used in Calculations
. Our defined benefit pension plans are accounted for on an actuarial basis, which requires the
selection of various assumptions, including a discount rate, a compensation assumption, an expected return on assets, mortality rates of
participants and expectation of mortality improvement.
Projected benefit obligations are measured as the present value of expected benefit payments. We discount those cash payments using a
discount rate. We determine the discount rate using the weighted-average yields on high-quality fixed-income securities with maturities that
correspond to the payment of benefits. Lower discount rates increase present values and generally increase subsequent-year pension
expense; higher discount rates decrease present values and generally reduce subsequent-year pension expense.
The compensation assumption is used to estimate the annual rate at which pay of plan participants will grow. If the rate of growth assumed
increases, the size of the pension obligations will increase, as will the amount recorded in AOCI in our Statement of Financial Position and
amortized into earnings in subsequent periods.
The expected return on plan assets is the estimated long-term rate of return that will be earned on the investments used to fund the benefit
obligations. To determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, we consider our asset allocation, as well as
historical and expected returns on various categories of plan assets. In developing future long-term return expectations for our principal
benefit plans’ assets, we formulate views on the future economic environment, both in the U.S. and abroad. We evaluate general market
trends and historical relationships among a number of key variables that impact asset class returns such as expected earnings growth,
inflation, valuations, yields and spreads, using both internal and external sources. We also take into account expected volatility by asset
class and diversification across classes to determine expected overall