environmental laws provide for joint and several or strict liability for remediation of releases of
hazardous substances, which could result in us incurring a liability for environmental damage without regard to our negligence or fault.
Such laws and regulations could expose us to liability arising out of the conduct of operations or conditions caused by others, or for our acts
which were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time the acts were performed.
2024 FORM 10-K
21
Our nuclear operations expose us to various additional environmental, regulatory, and financial risks, including:
•
potential liabilities relating to harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from nuclear operations and the
storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials;
•
unplanned expenditures relating to maintenance, operation, security, defects, upgrades and repairs required by the NRC and
other government agencies;
•
limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with
nuclear operations; and
•
potential liabilities arising out of a nuclear, radiological or criticality incident, whether or not it is within our control.
Our nuclear operations are subject to various safety-related requirements imposed by the U.S. Government, the Department of Energy, and
the NRC. In the event of non-compliance, these agencies might increase regulatory oversight, impose fines or shut down our operations,
depending upon the assessment of the severity of the situation. Revised security and safety requirements promulgated by these agencies
could necessitate substantial capital and other expenditures. In addition, we must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations
relating to the award, administration, and performance of U.S. Government contracts. Government contract laws and regulations affect how
we do business with our customers and, in some instances, impose added costs on our business. A violation of specific laws and
regulations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties or the termination of our contracts or debarment from bidding on contracts.
We may be subject to periodic claims, litigation, regulatory proceedings, and enforcement actions, which may adversely affect
our business and financial performance.
From time to time, we are involved in claims, lawsuits, regulatory proceedings, investigations,
and enforcement actions brought or threatened against us in the ordinary course of business. Our business is subject to the risk of claims
involving current and former employees, affiliates, subcontractors, suppliers, competitors, stockholders, government regulatory agencies or
others through private actions, class actions, whistleblower claims, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions, investigations, or other
proceedings. Additionally, we have had, and expect in the future to have, customers who assert contractual or other claims related to the
performance