Income (Loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022. These included service costs for active employees in the
GE Pension Plan, the GE Supplementary Pension Plan, the retiree benefit plans, and other pension plans. We did not record any assets or
liabilities associated with our participation in these plans in our Combined Statement of Financial Position as of December 31, 2022.
Expenses associated with our employees' participation in the principal pension plans and principal retiree benefit plans, which represent
the majority of related expense, were
$
61
million
for the year ended December 31, 2022.
Defined Contribution Plan.
Following the Spin-Off, GE Vernova now sponsors a defined contribution plan for its eligible U.S. employees
that is similar to the corresponding GE-sponsored defined contribution plan that was in effect prior to the Spin-Off. Expenses associated
with their participation in GE Vernova's plan for the year ended December 31, 2024 beginning on April 2, 2024 and in GE's plan through
April 1, 2024, and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, represent the employer contributions for GE Vernova employees, and
were
$
144
million
,
$
130
million, and
$
135
million, respectively.
Pension Benefits and Retiree Health and Life Benefits Sponsored by GE Vernova, Including Those Allocated to GE Vernova in
Connection with the
Spin-Off
.
GE Vernova sponsored plans, including those allocated to GE Vernova in connection with the Spin-Off, are
presented in
three
categories: principal pension plans, other pension plans, and principal retiree benefit plans. Certain of these pension
plans, including the principal pension plans, are closed to new participants. Smaller pension plans with pension assets or obligations that
have not reached
$
50
million
and other retiree benefit plans are not presented. Information in this Note is as of a December 31
measurement date for these plans. Plans that were allocated to GE Vernova on January 1, 2023 are included in the plan disclosures below
beginning in 2023.
2024 FORM 10-K
68
(a) Disclosed plans that fall below
$
50
million
are not removed from the presentation unless part of a disposition or plan termination.
Funding.
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act (
ERISA
) determines minimum funding requirements in the U.S. No contributions
were required or made for the GE Energy Pension Plan during
2024
, and based on our current assumptions, we do not anticipate having to
make additional required contributions to the plan in the near future.
As of the measurement date of December 31,
we would expect to pay approxima
tely
$
33
million
for benefit payments under our GE Energy
Supplementary Pension Plan and administrative expenses of our principal pension plans and would expect to contribute approximately
$
74
million
to other pens
ion plans in
2025
. We fund retiree benefit plans on a pay-as-you-go basis.
As of the measurement date of December
31, we would expect to contribute approximately
$
77
million