position, cash flows, and results of operations. Actual or perceived design, production, performance, or other quality issues related to new
product introductions or existing product lines have resulted and can result in direct warranty, maintenance, and other claims for damages,
including costs associated with project delays, repairs, or replacements, some of which have been and can in the future be for significant
amounts. For example, during the summer of 2024, a wind turbine blade event occurred, related to a manufacturing deviation, at the
Vineyard Wind offshore wind farm where we are the manufacturer and supplier of our newly developed Haliade-X 220m wind turbines
(Halia
de-X). See Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Offshore Wind" for
additional information.
Quality issues can also result in reputational harm to our business with a potential loss of attractiveness of our
products, solutions, and services to new and existing customers. A widespread fleet issue could result in revenue loss while the associated
product is suspended from operation. This risk is pronounced in connection with the introduction of new technology. For example, due to
the difficulties associated with scaling up production of new products and components, the challenges of servicing our substantial installed
fleet of onshore wind turbines and the difficulties of servicing our offshore wind turbines, a widespread fleet product quality issue with our
wind turbines could cause us to incur substantial costs and could take significant time to address. Additionally, many of our products,
solutions, and services function under demanding operating conditions and meet exacting certification, performance, and reliability
standards that we, our customers, or regulators adopt. Developing and maintaining products, solutions, and services that meet or exceed
these standards can be costly and technologically challenging and require extensive coordination of our suppliers and team members at
our technology, manufacturing, and remote project sites in both developed and developing markets around the world. Failures to deliver
products, solutions, and services that meet these standards, whether actual or perceived, have resulted and may in the future result in
customers or other third parties asserting contractual or other claims, often for significant amounts, or regulators suspending installation or
operations, which could have significant adverse financial, competitive, or reputational effects.
Our products contain and are integrated with products from third parties. From time to time, the processes used to ensure the quality of
those third-party products may fail to detect defects. Despite the operational processes around product design, manufacture, performance,
and servicing that we and our customers or other third parties have developed to meet rigorous quality standards, the risk of operational
process or product