and the predicted actuarial
assumptions, discount rates, and investment performance on plan assets can affect defined benefit plan liabilities.
We assumed certain liabilities from GE in connection with the Spin-Off, including some liabilities unrelated to our core business. For
example, we retained and assumed responsibility for certain liabilities for pension, healthcare, and life insurance benefits previously
provided to GE employees, including our employees, our former employees, and certain other legacy former employees unrelated to our
core business and allocated to us by GE.
We currently partially rely on estimates and assumptions made by GE with respect to the scope,
probability, and magnitude of these liabilities.
Such estimates and assumptions involve complex judgments which are difficult to make.
Actual developments may differ from estimates and assumptions, thereby resulting in an increase or decrease in our actual obligations for
these liabilities. Changes in economic conditions, financial markets, investment performance, or legal conditions governing these liabilities
can result in significant increases or decreases in the size of our actual obligations over time. Any of these factors and developments could
have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Furthermore, accounting standards
and legal conditions governing our pension obligations are subject to changes in applicable legislation, regulations, or case law. We cannot
provide any assurance that we will not incur new or more extensive pension obligations in the future due to such changes.
Any of these factors and developments could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or
prospects. For a discussion regarding how our financial statements have been and can be affected by our pension and healthcare benefit
obligation, see Note
13
in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements.
Disruptions caused by labor disputes or organized labor activities could harm our business.
A significant number of our employees
around the world are members of, or represented by, labor unions and are covered by collective bargaining agreements with varying
durations and expiration dates. Many of our European employees belong to, or are represented by, works councils. Union and works
council requirements may limit our flexibility in managing costs and responding to market changes. In addition, employees who are not
currently members of, or otherwise represented by, labor organizations may seek such membership or representation, as applicable, in the
future.
We cannot ensure that existing collective bargaining agreements will prevent a strike or work stoppage at our facilities in the future, that we
will be successful in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements, that such negotiations will not result in significant increases in the
cost of labor, including healthcare,