policies and procedures, an
organizational structure providing division of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel, and a program of internal
audits.
The Board of Directors, through its Audit Committee, which consists entirely of independent directors, meets periodically with management,
internal auditors, and our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure that each is meeting its responsibilities and to discuss
matters concerning internal controls and financial reporting. Deloitte and Touche LLP and the internal auditors each have full and free
access to the Audit Committee.
Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.
This Annual Report does not include a report of
management's assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our registered public accounting
firm due to a transition period established by rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for newly public companies.
Disclosure Controls.
Under the direction of our
Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated our disclosure controls
and procedures as of December 31, 2024 and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31,
2024.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.
T
here have been no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its
internal control over financial reporting.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION.
Disclosure provided pursuant to Item 5.02 of Form 8-K. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors;
Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On January 31, 2025, GE Vernova Inc. (the
“Company”) and Rachel Gonzalez, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary, entered into a Separation Agreement and
Release (the “Separation Agreement”). The Separation Agreement provides that Ms. Gonzalez will depart from the Company on May 16,
2025. She will continue to receive her current compensation and benefits until her separation.
The Separation Agreement further provides that if Ms. Gonzalez remains employed by the Company through May 16, 2025, or if prior to
May 16, 2025, the Company terminates her employment without cause, Ms. Gonzalez’s departure shall be treated as a termination without
cause, and subject to her timely execution upon her cessation of employment of a supplemental release of claims, Ms. Gonzalez will be
entitled to (i) a lump sum payment equal to eighteen (18) months of Ms. Gonzalez’s current base salary, (ii) contributions to the cost of
COBRA continuation for a period of eighteen (18) months, (iii) reimbursement of expenses reasonably incurred for relocation not to exceed
$150,000, (iv) consistent with Ms. Gonzalez’s employment offer letter with the Company, a