reporting unit below its carrying value. An impairment charge is recognized if the carrying amount of a reporting
unit exceeds its fair value.
We determine fair value for each of the reporting units using the market approach, when available and appropriate, or the income
approach, or a combination of both. We assess the valuation methodology based upon the relevance and availability of the data at the time
we perform the valuation. If multiple valuation methodologies are used, the results are weighted appropriately.
Under the market approach fair value is derived from metrics of publicly traded companies or historically completed transactions of
comparable businesses, when available. The selection of comparable businesses is based on the markets in which the reporting units
operate giving consideration to risk profiles, size, geography, and diversity of products and services. A market approach is limited to
reporting units for which there are publicly traded companies that have characteristics similar to our businesses.
Under the income approach, fair value is determined based on the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at an
appropriate risk-adjusted rate. We use discount rates that are commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the respective
businesses and in our internally developed forecasts.
Based on the results of the impairment tests as of October 1, 2024, the fair values of our reporting units substantially exceeded their
carrying values. Estimating the fair value of reporting units involves the use of significant judgments that are based on a number of factors
including actual operating results, internal forecasts, such as forecasts of costs, margins, investments and capital expenditures, market
observable pricing multiples of similar businesses and comparable transactions, possible control premiums, determining the appropriate
discount rate and long-term growth rate assumptions, and, if multiple approaches are being used, determining the appropriate weighting
applied to each approach. It is reasonably possible that the judgments and estimates described above could change in future periods.
See
Note
8
in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements
for further information.
Income Taxes.
Prior to the Spin-Off, GE Vernova was included in the consolidated U.S. federal, state and foreign income tax returns of
GE, where eligible, through April 2, 2024. We have adopted the separate return method in preparing a provision for income taxes for the
periods prior to the Spin-off. The calculation of income taxes on a separate return basis requires considerable judgment and use of both
estimates and allocations. As a result, our provision for income taxes and deferred tax assets and liabilities reflected in our consolidated
and combined financial statements for the periods 2022, 2023, and the first quarter of 2024 have been estimated as if we were a separate
taxpayer. Following the Spin-off, GE