earnings are required before effectively accounting for a modified
contract as a new contract.
We regularly assess expected billings adjustments and customer credit risk inherent in the carrying amounts of receivables and contract
assets, including the risk that contractual penalties may not be sufficient to offset our accumulated investment in the event of customer
termination. We gain insight into future utilization and cost trends, as well as credit risk, through our knowledge of the installed base of
equipment and close interaction with our customers that comes with supplying critical services and parts over extended periods. Revisions
may affect a long-term services agreement’s total estimated profitability resulting in an adjustment of earnings.
As of December 31, 2024, our net long-term service agreements balance of $3.5 billion represents approximately 5% of our total estimated
life of contract billings. Our contracts (on average) are approximately 29% complete based on costs incurred to date and our estimate of
future costs. Revisions to our estimates of future billings or costs that increase or decrease total estimated contract profitability by one
percentage point would increase or decrease the long-term service agreements contract assets balance by $0.2 billion. Billings on these
contracts were $5.0 billion during both the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. See Notes
2
and
9
in the Notes to the consolidated
and combined financial statements for further information.
Wind.
The equipment within our Wind segment generally does not require major planned outages and revenues associated with service
agreements are recognized on a straight-line basis consistent with the nature, timing and extent of these arrangements, which generally
include planned and unplanned maintenance and may also include performance guarantees of the wind farm’s availability to operate under
adequate wind conditions. Availability is typically measured across the wind farm over a reference period of one year. Any forecasted
shortfalls that may result in a payment to a customer are recorded as a reduction of revenues, while additional revenues are recognized
when availability exceeds the contractual targets. During the
years ended Decemb
er 31, 2024, 2023,
and 2022, t
he reduction of revenues
from availability shortfalls was $0.3 billion, $0.3 billion and $0.1 billion, respectively. A further 1% reduction in availability across the entire
fleet would have resulted in an additional revenue reduction of less than $0.1 billion.
Revenue Recognition on Equipment on an Over-Time Basis.
We have agreements for the sale of customized goods, including power
generation equipment such as gas and certain wind turbines. We recognize revenues as we perform under the arrangements using the
percentage of completion method, which is based on our costs incurred to date relative to our estimate of total expected costs. This
requires us to make estimates of customer payments expected