coast of England. For Dogger Bank, we are the manufacturer
and supplier of our Haliade-X.
◦
Electrification Software.
Our Electrification Software business builds software and solutions that enable our customers to
use data and technology to, among other things, orchestrate reliable and efficient power transmission and delivery.
Beyond delivering innovative solutions that ensure grid resiliency such as GridOS, our Electrification Software business
has made significant investments in compliance programs and security systems, allowing our products and services to
comply with the applicable privacy, data, and cybersecurity regulations.
◦
Financial Services.
In connection with certain business activities, an entity of our Financial Services business has
registered with the SEC as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (Advisers Act),
and another entity has become a registered broker-dealer under the Securities
Exchange Act, as amended (Exchange
Act),
and a Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (
FINRA)
member firm. These registered entities are subject to a
number of laws and regulations from the SEC,
FINRA, and
state securities regulators, as applicable, which impose
various compliance, disclosure, qualification, recordkeeping, reporting, and other requirements. In addition, under the
Advisers Act, our registered investment adviser entity has fiduciary duties to its clients, is subject to restrictions on its
ability to engage in principal and agency cross transactions, and may be inspected by the SEC to determine whether we
are conducting our activities in compliance with applicable law.
•
Participant in the Global Energy Supply Chain.
As a participant in the global energy
supply
chain, our businesses and
operations must comply with global sanctions regimes, as well as an increasing number of global laws and regulations that extend
to our sourcing, purchasing, and life cycles. Our import activities are governed by the unique customs laws and regulations in each
of the countries where we operate. Pursuant to their laws and regulations, governments may impose economic sanctions against
certain countries, persons, and entities that may restrict or prohibit transactions involving such countries, persons, and entities,
which may limit or prevent our conduct of business in certain jurisdictions. The scope of these regulations extends to product
circularity and extended producer responsibility, sustainability disclosure requirements such as the EU Corporate Sustainability
Reporting Directive (CSRD), carbon emissions (including the EU Carbon Board Adjustment Mechanism), labor and employment,
deforestation (such as the EU Deforestation Act), human rights due diligence, modern slavery, forced labor, child labor, supply
chain due diligence including the EU Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD), and whistleblower directives. In
addition to complying with such regulations with respect to our own