financing, cash management,
operations, cost structure, and personnel needs of our business. As part of GE, we enjoyed certain benefits from GE’s operating
diversity, reputation, size, purchasing power, ability to borrow, and available capital for investments; following the Spin-Off, we no
longer have those benefits.
Following the Spin-Off, we have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs and demands on management’s time associated with
being an independent, publicly traded company, including costs and demands related to corporate governance, investor and public
relations, and public financial reporting. Our success depends on our ability to continue to integrate our businesses that operate in various
aspects of the power industry, which historically operated separately into one cohesive company. In addition, we depend on the successful
cooperation of our leadership team, who have limited experience leading our business. For additional information about our past financial
performance and the basis of presentation of our combined financial statements,
see “
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
Financial Statements" in the Information Statement and the
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations,” and our combined and consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Information Statement and in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Certain of our directors and employees may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their financial interests in, or
because of their previous or continuing positions with, GE or other entities with which we have commercial arrangements.
Because of their current or former positions with GE, certain of our executive officers and directors own equity interests in both us and GE.
Continuing ownership of GE shares and equity awards could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest if we and GE face
decisions that could have implications for both us and GE. Our
Board
chair
currently also serves on the board of directors of GE. Potential
conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute between us and GE regarding the terms of the agreements
governing the separation and distribution and our relationship with GE following the separation and distribution. See “Certain Relationships
and Related Person Transactions” in the Information Statement for information about some of these agreements. Potential conflicts of
interest may also arise out of any commercial arrangements that we or GE may enter into in the future. In addition, some of our
independent directors serve on boards or management of companies with which we have commercial relationships, including investors.
Similar potential conflicts of interest could arise as a result. A dispute regarding a potential or actual conflict of interest involving us and GE
or any of such other companies could negatively impact our businesses, results