Vernova will file tax returns independently and our provision for income taxes is prepared on a stand-
alone basis.
We only recognize the tax benefits from income tax positions that have a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being sustained upon
examination by the taxing authorities. A liability is recorded for uncertain tax positions when there is a 50 percent or less likelihood such tax
position would
be sustained based on its technical merits. Significant judgement is required when evaluating tax positions for uncertainty.
We re-evaluate uncertain tax positions upon changes in facts and circumstances, changes in tax law or guidance, and upon effective
settlement of issues with tax authorities. Changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could result in material
increases or decreases in our provision (benefit) for income taxes in the period such determination is made.
We record deferred taxes on the future tax consequences of differences between the financial statement carrying value of our assets and
liabilities and their respective tax basis. The realization of deferred tax assets depends on sufficient sources of taxable income. Possible
sources of taxable income include taxable income in carry-back periods, the future reversal of existing taxable temporary differences
recorded as a deferred tax liability, tax-planning strategies that generate future income, and projected future taxable income. If, based upon
all available evidence, both positive and negative, it is more likely than not such deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation
allowance is recorded to adjust the deferred tax assets to the net amount which is more likely than not to be realized. Significant weight is
given to evidence that is objectively verifiable such as cumulative losses in recent years; however, some evidence may be based on
estimates and assumptions regarding potential sources of future taxable income. Changes in these estimates and assumptions may result
in a change in judgement regarding the realizability of deferred tax assets.
Based on our assessment of the realizability of our deferred tax assets as of
December 31, 2024
, we continue to maintain valuation
allowances against our deferred tax assets in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions, primarily due to cumulative losses in those
jurisdictions. Given the current year profit and anticipated future profitability in the U.S., it is reasonably possible that the continued
improvement in our U.S. operations could result in the positive evidence necessary to warrant the release of a significant portion of our U.S.
valuation allowance as early as the second half of 2025. A release of the valuation allowance would result in the recognition of certain U.S.
deferred tax assets and a corresponding benefit in our provision for income taxes in the period the release occurs. See Note
15
in the
Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements for further information.