to a more circular economy and recognize the importance of critical raw materials and nature in our mission. We are working to
track 90% of our top products as part of our circularity framework by 2030, including principles such as eco-design.
•
Thrive: Advance safe, responsible,
and inclusive
working conditions in our operations and across our value chain.
We
are committed to prioritizing safety, building and fostering an inclusive workplace globally and in the communities in which we
operate, promoting a culture of compliance and ethics, and advancing human rights across our supply chain.
*Non-GAAP Financial Measure
2024 FORM 10-K
5
The global shift towards a variety of energy sources, evolving and increased environmental regulations and requirements, and climate
change effects, present both challenges and opportunities that may impact our business. See Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for further information
about these risks.
COMPETITION.
We believe GE Vernova's businesses' ability to supply the electric power industry with a broad array of advanced
technologies for an intelligent, sustainable power system that help customers accelerate the energy transition is a key differentiator among
various of our competitors. Due to increasing demand exceeding available capacity for products and services that supply the electrical
power industry, we face growing competition from emerging threats. The continuing ability to reduce cycle times and ensure available
capacity is expected to
allow us
to remain competitive as demand for our products and services grows significantly. In addition, continued
investment in our products and services and emerging technologies is necessary for us to successfully compete and deliver economic
value and performance to our customers through efficiency, reliability, and affordability.
Our businesses operate in highly competitive markets. We compete based on product performance, quality, branding, service and/or price
across the industries and geographies served. Various companies compete with us across single or multiple products and services.
Key Power segment competitors include Siemens Energy, Mitsubishi Power, Westinghouse, Framatome, and Rolls-Royce.
Key Wind segment competitors include Vestas, Siemens-Gamesa, and Nordex.
Key Electrification segment competitors include Hitachi Energy, Siemens Energy, Siemens, Schneider Electric, Mitsubishi Electric, and
ABB.
SEGMENTS
.
We report three business segments that are aligned with the nature of equipment and services they provide, specifically
Power, Wind, and Electrification.
Power.
Our Power segment serves power generation, industrial, government, and other customers worldwide with products and services
related to energy production. Our products and technologies harness resources such as
natural gas, oil, diesel, water, and nuclea
r to
produce electric power and include gas and steam turbines,
full balance of plant,
upgrade, and service
solutions.
Gas Power -
offers a wide spectrum