or replace, and obtain a full release of GE’s obligations and liabilities under, all such credit support.
B
eginning in 2025, GE Vernova will pay a quarterly fee to GE based on amounts related to the GE credit support.
GE Vernova is subject to
other contractual restrictions and requirements while GE continues to be obligated under such credit support on behalf of GE Vernova. In
addition, w
hile GE will remain obligated under the contract or instrument, GE Vernova will be obligated to indemnify GE for credit support
related payments that GE is required to make and possible related costs
.
As of
December 31, 2024
, we estimated GE Vernova RPO and other obligations that relate to GE credit support to be approximately
$17
billion
, an over
74%
reduction since
December 31, 2023
and over
52%
reduction since the Spin-Off. We expect approximately
$10 billion
of
the RPO related to GE credit support obligations to contractually mature within five years from
December 31, 2024
. The underlying
obligations are predominantly customer contracts that GE Vernova performs in the normal course of its business. We have no known
instances historically where payments or performance from GE were required under parent company guarantees relating to GE Vernova
customer contracts.
RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
.
For a discussion of recently issued accounting standards, see Note
2
in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements for further information.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
.
To prepare our consolidated and combined financial statements in accordance with U.S.
GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities, including our
contingent liabilities, as of the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of our revenues and expenses during the reporting
periods. Our actual results may differ from these estimates. We consider estimates to be critical (i) if we are required to make assumptions
about material matters that are uncertain at the time of estimation or (ii) if materially different estimates could have been made or it is
reasonably likely that the accounting estimate will change from period to period. The following are areas considered to be critical and
require management’s judgment: Allocations from GE, Revenue Recognition on Service Agreements, Revenue Recognition on Equipment
on an Over-Time Basis, Goodwill, Income Taxes, Postretirement Benefit Plans, Loss Contingencies, and Environmental and Asset
Retirement Obligations. See Note
2
in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements for further information regarding
our significant accounting policies.
2024 FORM 10-K
43
Allocations From GE.
The consolidated and combined financial statements include expense allocations prior to the Spin-Off for certain
corporate, infrastructure, and shared services expenses provided by GE on a centralized basis, including, but not limited to,