failures and other problems cannot be eliminated. Such problems could result in increased costs, delayed payments,
lost products or services revenue, and product, safety, quality, regulatory, or environmental risks, which could have an adverse effect on our
financial results.
If our ongoing efforts to achieve our anticipated operational cost savings and implement initiatives to control or reduce our
operating costs are not successful, our financial results and cash flows may be adversely affected.
Achieving our long-term
financial results and cash flow goals depends significantly on our ability to control and/ or reduce our operating costs. Generally, because
many of our costs are affected by factors completely, or substantially outside our control, we must seek to control or reduce costs through
productivity initiatives. We seek continued cost savings through lean operations and supply chain management. While controlling our cost
base is important for our business and future competitiveness, there is no guarantee that we will achieve this goal. Additionally, cost
savings anticipated by us are based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and may be subject to significant business,
economic and competitive uncertainties, and contingencies, all of which are difficult to predict and may be beyond our control. For example,
the rapid pace of innovation among onshore and offshore wind turbine manufacturers in recent years has led to short product cycles, early
market introductions, and faster time to market, all of which have and can lead to quality and execution issues, higher costs, or other
2024 FORM 10-K
12
challenges to achieving profitability for new products. Such risks are especially acute in the offshore wind industry, which is a nascent
industry, with higher ramp up costs and the potential for new product introductions to result in losses both in the short-and in the long-run.
See Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Offshore Wind" for a description
of recent quality and execution issues we have experienced at our Offshore Wind projects. If we are not able to identify and implement
initiatives that control and/or reduce costs and increase operating efficiency, or if the cost savings initiatives we have implemented to date
do not generate expected cost savings, our financial results could be adversely affected.
We enter into long-term service agreements in connection with significant contracts for the sale of products, particularly in our Gas Power
business unit. In connection with these agreements, we estimate our products’ durability and reliability, as well as our costs associated with
delivering the products and the provision of services over time in order to be profitable and generate acceptable returns on our investments.
Particularly for our long-cycle businesses and contracts like these, a failure to appropriately estimate, plan for, or execute our business