including through direct damage to physical assets and
indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility. These effects may negatively impact our business, results of operations,
cash flows, and prospects.
Our operations are subject to various EHS laws and regulations, and potential litigation, and non-compliance with or liabilities
under such laws and regulations could result in substantial costs, fines, sanctions, claims, additional regulatory oversight,
suspension of operations, and reputational harm.
We are subject to extensive domestic and international EHS regulations. In addition
to EHS regulatory compliance obligations, we may face liability arising out of the normal course of business, including alleged personal
injury, property damage, and human health risks due to exposure to hazardous substances, processes, or working conditions at our current
or former facilities. We may also face liability in connection with the actions or omissions of third-party contractors working at our project
sites or facilities. Any perceived or actual employee safety issues could result in substantial costs to us that may exceed our reserves, harm
our reputation, divert management’s attention, and could potentially affect our ability to continue operating in certain jurisdictions.
In addition, we may become subject to increased regulatory oversight and suspensions of our operations for events that may occur at our
projects. For example, we experienced a blade event during 2024 at our Vineyard Wind project, which, among other things, resulted in our
having to suspend operations at that project for an extended period and being subject to additional regulatory oversight at that project. See
Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Offshore Wind" for further information.
We may be impacted by material changes in EHS regulations or subject to substantial liability for environmental impacts, both of which may
require increased capital expenditures. We may also be subject to increasingly stringent environmental standards in the future, particularly
as greenhouse gas emissions, and climate change regulations and initiatives increase and EHS laws and regulations grow in number and
complexity. Such laws and regulations may impose additional liability on industrial manufacturers for the use or generation of chemicals,
such as per/polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), contained in components and products sourced in connection with manufacturing and
services operations, and if adopted, may create additional liability, impact product design, manufacturing, and/or servicing and negatively
affect financial results. Environmental laws also generally impose liability for investigation, remediation, and removal of hazardous materials
and other waste products on property owners and those who dispose of materials at waste sites, whether or not the waste was disposed of
legally at the time in question. Some