use of market observable inputs including interest rate curves and
both forward and spot prices for currencies and commodities and therefore are considered Level 2. See Note
20
for further information.
Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements
. Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These assets
and liabilities may include loans and long-lived assets reduced to fair value upon classification as held for sale, impaired equity method
investments, loans, and long-lived assets, assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with business combinations, and
remeasured retained investments in formerly combined subsidiaries upon a change in control that results in the deconsolidation of that
2024 FORM 10-K
61
subsidiary and retention of a noncontrolling stake in the entity. Assets written down to fair value when impaired and retained investments
are not subsequently adjusted to fair value unless further impairment occurs.
Equity Method Investments.
Equity method investments are initially recorded at cost and are adjusted in each period for the Company’s
share of the investee’s income or loss and dividends paid. In instances of impairment, equity method investments are written down to fair
value using market observable data such as quoted prices when available. When market observable data is unavailable, investments are
valued using either a discounted cash flow model, comparative market multiples, third-party pricing sources or a combination of these
approaches, as appropriate. These investments are generally valued using Level 3 inputs.
Financing Receivables.
When financing receivables are held for sale, we generally use market data, including pricing on recently closed
market transactions, to value financing receivables. Such financing receivables are valued using Level 2 inputs. When the data is
unobservable, we use valuation methodologies using current market interest rate data adjusted for inherent credit risk. Such financing
receivables are valued using Level 3 inputs.
Long-lived Assets.
Fair values of long-lived assets are primarily derived internally and are corroborated by available external appraisal
information as applicable. These assets are generally valued using Level 3 inputs.
Restructuring Cost
s.
We record liabilities for costs associated with exit or disposal activities in the period in which the liability is incurred.
Employee termination costs are accrued when the restructuring actions are probable and estimable. Costs for one-time termination benefits
in which the employee is required to render service until termination in order to receive the benefits are recognized ratably over the future
service period.
See Note
23
for further information.
Research and Developmen
t.
The Company conducts research and development (R&D) activities to continually enhance our existing
products and services, develop new products and services to meet our customers’ changing needs and requirements, and