well as our products and services. To protect our innovation, we rely on a
variety of IP rights and data protection measures, as well as monitor the activities of third parties to ensure
that unauthorized use of IP does
not go unremedied
.
Patents are an important part of our IP strategy. They protect our inventions around the world. We shape and reposition our patent portfolio
to cover emerging and other technologies that drive our core businesses. Software, which is important to all of our businesses, but is
especially central to the IP position of the Electrification businesses, is protected by a combination of copyrights, patents, and contractual
protections.
We protect our trade secrets and confidential know-how by actively enforcing our internal policies for data classification and protection and
by requiring and enforcing specific innovation and proprietary information agreements and
non-disclosure agreements
. We also utilize
contemporary cybersecurity tools and systems, as well as physical security measures, that safeguard our most valuable data from insider
threats and third-party concentrated efforts to misappropriate our IP. See Item 1C. "Cybersecurity" for further information.
While our patents and other IP protections are important to our operations, we do not consider any single IP asset or group of assets to be
of material significance to any of our financial segments or our businesses as a whole. However, we believe that we derive a sustained
competitive advantage both from our IP portfolio as well as technical know-how embedded in our products and manufacturing techniques
developed over decades. We further believe that our understanding of our customers’ needs, technology expertise, and manufacturing
know-how are critical to our business.
In addition to our IP portfolio, we have a license to use certain IP from GE Aerospace, including the GE name and the GE Monogram. The
license applies to our products and services, as well as to natural extensions and evolutions thereof.
See “Certain Relationships and
Related Person Transactions—Agreements with GE—Agreements Governing Intellectual Property” in our information statement dated
March 8, 2024, which was attached as Exhibit 99.1 to a Current Report on Form 8-K furnished with the SEC on March 8, 2024 (the
Information Statement).
GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN.
Annually, we purchase approximately $20 billion in materials and components sourced from over 100
countries.
We face various supply chain challenges, many of which are industry-wide or arise from geopolitical and economic conditions
beyond our control. These include global conflicts, global economic trends, geopolitical dynamics like sanctions,
tariffs and
other trade
tensions, inflation, logistics issues, human rights landscape shifts, and regulatory changes. Additionally, potential disruptions such as
natural disasters and other extreme
weather conditions, global
pandemics, and cyber-attacks could significantly impact our operations,