International Sustainability Standards Board framework, such as the recently
adopted Australian climate-related financial disclosures legislation. We expect regulatory requirements related to ESG matters to continue
to expand globally, particularly in the EU. We may be affected by our ability to meet evolving and expanding emissions reporting
requirements and by investor and public perception of our reporting and performance related to voluntary climate standards. Given the
increasing scrutiny on ESG matters as well as the increasing number of regulatory obligations relating to our business, there is also an
increasing risk that we could be perceived as or accused of making inaccurate or misleading statements regarding our performance against
ESG-related measures and/or ESG initiatives.
Failure to achieve our ESG goals, commitments and targets or comply with emerging ESG regulations could adversely affect our business,
results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Changes in ESG regulations could lead to additional operational restrictions and
compliance requirements upon us or our products, require new or additional investment in product designs, result in carbon offset
investments or otherwise could negatively impact our business and/or competitive position. Any such failure could harm our reputation,
adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers and talent and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community
and enforcement authorities.
2024 FORM 10-K
20
International trade policies may impact demand for our products and our competitive position.
Changes in government policies on
foreign trade and investment can affect the demand for our products solutions, and services, impact our competitive position, subject us to
escalating costs, or prevent us from being able to offer our products, solutions, and services in certain countries. The implementation of
more restrictive trade policies, such as import or export controls, required licenses or authorizations to engage in business dealings with
certain countries or entities, higher tariffs, restrictions on outbound investment, more detailed inspections, exchange controls, a
government’s adoption of “buy national” policies, local production requirements, or other barriers to entry, in countries where we sell large
quantities of products, solutions, and services could be disruptive and costly to our business and could negatively impact our business,
results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and prospects.
Failure to obtain or comply with federal, state and local government approvals, licenses, and permits may negatively affect our
ability to produce, market, and sell our products, solutions, and services.
Parts of our business are required to obtain, and to comply
with, federal, state, and local government approvals, licenses, and permits. Any of these approvals, licenses, or permits may be subject to
denial, revocation, or modification under