of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings. If a
court were to find the exclusive choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in
an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.
None.
ITEM 1C.
CYBERSECURITY
.
The description in this section addresses certain cybersecurity matters relating to GE Vernova following
the Spin-Off.
GE Vernova has processes for assessing, identifying, and managing cybersecurity risks that are
built into our risk management program
and IT functions
. These processes are designed to help protect our information assets from internal and external cyber threats, protect
employee information from unauthorized access or attack, and secure our networks, systems, and products. We have developed and
implemented a cybersecurity framework intended to assess, identify, and manage risks from threats to the security of our information,
systems, products, and networks using a risk-based approach.
The framework is informed in part by industry standards such as the
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework and International Organization for Standardization 27001
(ISO 27001) Framework. This approach does not imply that GE Vernova meets all technical standards, specifications, or requirements
under the NIST Cybersecurity Framework or ISO 27001.
2024 FORM 10-K
32
Our key cybersecurity processes include:
•
Risk-based controls for information systems and information on our network.
We seek to maintain an IT infrastructure that
implements physical, administrative, and technical controls that are calibrated based on risk and designed to protect the
confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information systems and information stored on the Company’s networks, including
customer information, employee information, IP, and proprietary information.
•
Cybersecurity incident response plan and testing.
We have a cybersecurity incident response plan and a dedicated team to
respond to cybersecurity incidents. When a cybersecurity incident occurs or a vulnerability is identified, GE Vernova has cross-
functional teams that are responsible for leading the initial assessment of priority and severity. External experts may also be
engaged as appropriate. GE Vernova’s cybersecurity team assists in responding to incidents depending on severity levels and
seeks to improve our cybersecurity incident management plan through periodic tabletops or simulations at the enterprise and
business levels.
•
Training.
We provide security awareness training to help employees understand their information protection and cybersecurity
responsibilities. We also provide additional role-based training to applicable employees based on customer requirements,
regulatory obligations, and industry risks.
•
Supplier risk assessments.
We have implemented a
third-party risk