magnitude of liquidated damages. This is factored into our estimate of variable consideration using
the expected value method taking into consideration progress towards meeting contractual milestones, specified liquidated damages rates,
if applicable, and history of paying liquidated damages to the customer or similar customers. Our estimate of costs to be incurred to fulfill
our promise to a customer is based on our history of manufacturing or constructing similar assets for customers and is updated routinely to
reflect changes in quantity or cost of the inputs. In certain projects, such as new product introductions, the underlying technology or
promise to the customer is unique to what we have historically promised and reliably estimating the total cost to fulfill the promise to the
customer requires a significant level of judgment. Where the profit from a contract cannot be estimated reliably, revenue is only recognized
equaling the cost incurred to the extent that it is probable that the costs will be recovered. We provide for a potential loss on these
agreements when it is expected that we will incur such loss.
During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, primarily as a result of c
hanges in product and project cost estimat
es, we recorded
incremental contract losses for certain Offshore Wind contracts of
$
1,005
million
and
$
379
million
, respectively. The incremental contract
losses in 2024 primarily relate to
the estimated impact of changes in execution timelines, project-related commercial liabilities, costs to
remediate quality issues including the removal of previously installed blades at the Vineyard Wind project, and additional project-related
supply chain and manufacturing costs.
Further changes in our execution timelines or other adverse developments could result in further
losses beyond the amounts that we currently
estimate
.
Our billing terms for these over-time contracts are generally based on achieving specified milestones. The differences between the timing of
our revenue recognized (based on costs incurred) and customer billings (based on contractual terms) results in changes to our contract
asset or contract liability positions. See Note
9
for further information.
Performance Obligations Satisfied at a Point in Time
.
We recognize revenue on agreements for non-customized equipment and other
goods we manufacture on a standardized basis for sale to the market at the point in time that the customer obtains control of the product,
which is generally no earlier than when the customer has physical possession. We recognize revenue based on the transaction price to
which we expect to be entitled based on our history and estimates regarding variable consideration such as performance and delivery
2024 FORM 10-K
58
commitments. We use proof of delivery for certain large equipment with more complex logistics, whereas the delivery of other equipment is
estimated based on historical averages of in-transit periods (i.e., time