prosperity of the communities we serve. We are a purpose-built company, positioned with a unique scope
and scale of solutions to help accelerate the energy transition, while servicing and growing our installed base and strengthening our own
profitability and stockholder returns. We have a strong history of innovation, which is a key strength enabling us to meet our customers’
needs.
The breadth of our portfolio also enables us to provide an extensive range of technologies and integrated solutions to help advance our
customers’ energy and sustainability goals. Our installed base generates approximately 25% of the world’s electricity. We build, modernize,
and service power systems to help our customers electrify their operations and economies, meet power demand growth, improve system
reliability and resiliency, and navigate the energy transition through limiting and reducing emissions. The portfolio of equipment and
services that we deliver is diversified across technology types and is adaptable based on electric power market conditions and demand.
We report three business segments that are aligned with the nature of equipment and services they provide, specifically Power, Wind, and
Electrification. Within our segments, Power includes gas, nuclear, hydro, and steam technologies, providing a critical foundation of
dispatchable, flexible, stable, and reliable power. Our Wind segment includes our wind generation technologies, inclusive of onshore and
offshore wind turbines and blades. Electrification includes grid solutions, power conversion and storage, and electrification software
technologies required for the transmission, distribution, conversion, storage, and orchestration of electricity from point of generation to point
of consumption.
Our corporate headquarters is located at 58 Charles Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02141, and our telephone number is (617)
674-7555. Our website address is www.gevernova.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on
Form
10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act)
, are available, without charge, on our website, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are
electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of, and
is not incorporated into, this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q
or any other filings we make with the SEC. Our website at
www.gevernova.com/investors contains a significant amount of information about GE Vernova, including financial and other information for
investors. We encourage investors to visit this website from time to time, as information is updated, and new information is posted.
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
5
PART I
ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
.
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
6
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
7
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
8
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
9
2025 1Q FORM