cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and
is subject to various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. We may therefore incur significant expenses defending any such
suit or government charge and may be required to pay amounts or otherwise change our operations in ways that could adversely affect our
results of operations, and cash flows, and financial condition. For further information on material pending legal proceedings, see Note
22
in
the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements.
We are subject to antitrust and competition laws that can result in sanctions and conditions on the way we conduct our business.
We are subject to antitrust and competition laws, which generally prohibit certain types of conduct deemed to be anti-competitive, including
price fixing, bid rigging, cartel activities, price discrimination, market monopolization, tying arrangements, acquisitions of competitors,
allocation schemes, and other practices that have, may have, or are perceived to have an adverse effect on competition. Regulatory
authorities may have authority to impose fines and sanctions or to require changes or impose conditions on the way we conduct business
in connection with alleged non-compliance with applicable law. Under certain circumstances, violations of antitrust laws could result in
suspension or debarment of our ability to contract with certain parties or complete certain transactions. In addition, an increasing number of
jurisdictions also provide private rights of action for competitors or consumers to seek damages asserting claims of anti-competitive
conduct. Increased government scrutiny of our actions or enforcement or private rights of action could adversely affect our business or
damage our reputation. In addition, as previously reported by GE, the power and grid businesses that GE acquired from Alstom in 2015
were the subject of significant cases involving alleged anti-competitive conduct or improper payments by Alstom in the pre-acquisition
period. A number of these matters remain ongoing as we seek to resolve them, and it is possible that additional claims from legacy Alstom
conduct could arise in the future. Conducting internal investigations or responding to audits or investigations by government agencies could
be costly and time-consuming. An adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could subject us to fines or criminal or other
penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects.
2024 FORM 10-K
22
We are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, public procurement, and government reimbursements
in many jurisdictions, and the failure to comply could adversely affect our business.
We have agreements relating to the sale of our
offerings to government entities around the world. As a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations in a variety of jurisdictions
that apply to