planning strategies that generate future income, and projected future taxable income. If, based upon
all available evidence, both positive and negative, it is more likely than not such deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation
allowance is recorded to adjust the deferred tax assets to the net amount which is more likely than not to be realized.
See Note
15
for further information.
Postretirement Benefit Plans
. Certain employees, former employees, and retirees of the Company participate in postretirement benefit
plans sponsored by the Company.
Management presents these plans sponsored by the Company in
three
categories: principal pension plans, other pension plans, and
principal retiree benefit plans. Plan assets are categorized for disclosure purposes in accordance with the fair value hierarchy. Benefits are
calculated using significant inputs to the actuarial models that measure benefit obligations and related effects on operations. The Company
evaluates critical assumptions, including discount rates and expected return on assets, at least annually on a plan and country-specific
basis. Actual results in any given year often will differ from actuarial assumptions because of economic and other factors.
Projected benefit obligations are measured as the present value of expected payments. We discount those cash payments using the
weighted average of market-observed yields for high-quality fixed-income securities with maturities that correspond to the expected timing
of benefit payments. Generally, lower discount rates increase present values and increase subsequent-year pension expense, while higher
discount rates decrease present values and decrease subsequent-year pension expense. The components of net periodic benefit costs,
other than the service cost component, are recognized within Non-operating benefit income in the Consolidated and Combined Statement
of Income (Loss). The Company delays recognition of gains and losses and subsequently amortizes these amounts into earnings over the
remaining average future service of active employees or the expected life of inactive participants, as applicable, who participate in the plan.
For the principal pension plans, gains and losses are amortized using a straight-line method with a separate layer for each year's gains and
losses. For most other pension plans and principal retiree benefit plans, gains and losses are amortized using a straight-line or a corridor
amortization method. See Note
13
for further information.
Loss Contingencies.
Loss contingencies are existing conditions, situations or circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible loss that
will ultimately be resolved when future events occur or fail to occur. Such contingencies include, but are not limited to warranties,
environmental obligations, litigation, regulatory investigations and proceedings, and losses resulting from other events and developments.
When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record