investments in projects, often
through common or preferred equity investments where we generally seek to exit as soon as practicable once a project achieves
commercial operation. Many such investments are in renewable energy U.S. tax equity vehicles that generate various tax credits, including
production tax credits (PTCs), which can be used to offset an equity partner’s tax liabilities in the U.S. and support the overall target return
on investment. In connection with the Spin-Off, GE retained all renewable energy U.S. tax equity investments of
$1.2 billion
and any tax
attributes from historical tax equity investing activity. We manage these investments under the Framework Investment Agreement with GE.
Additionally,
during the second quarter, in connection with GE retaining the renewable energy U.S. tax equity investments, we recognized a
$0.1 billion
benefit, recorded in Cost of equipment, related to deferred intercompany profit from historical equipment sales to the related
investees. See Notes
11
,
21
and
23
in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements for further information.
DISPOSITION ACTIVITY
.
During the second quarter of 2024, our Steam Power business completed the sale of part of its nuclear
activities to Electricité de France S.A. (EDF). In connection with the disposition, we received net cash proceeds of
$0.6 billion
, which is
s
ubject to customary working capital and other post-closing adjustments
. As a
result, we recog
nized a pre-tax gain of
$1.0 billion
recorded
in Other income (expense) – net in our Consolidated and Combined Statement of Income (Loss). See Not
es
3
,
15
,
16
and
19
in
the Notes
to the consolidated and combined financial statements for further information.
ARBITRATION REFUND
.
In June 2024, we received
$306 million
in cash, which represented the return of cash payments we
previously made relating to two partial withdrawal liability assessments issued by a multiemployer pension plan (Fund) to which we
contribute, plus interest on such amounts. We challenged the assessments in arbitration, but under ERISA, we were required to make
2024 FORM 10-K
36
monthly payments from May 2019 to September 2023 while the matter was arbitrated. In December 2023, an arbitrator ruled that we were
exempt from the alleged liability, a decision that was appealed in January 2024 in a U.S. district court. That court upheld the arbitration
ruling in February 2025. The appeal period for that court's ruling has not expired. The arbitration ruling triggered a legal obligation for the
Fund to return the payments to us with interest, which it did in June 2024. During the second quarter,
$254 million
of cash, constituting the
payments previously made to the Fund, was recorded in Selling, general, and administrative expenses and
$52 million
of cash, constituting
interest on such amounts, was recorded in Interest and other financial charges – net in our Consolidated and Combined Statement of
Income (Loss). As this dispute