continue to incur certain one-time separation costs and recognized a benefit related to deferred intercompany profit upon
GE retaining the renewable energy U.S. tax equity investments. See Note
23
in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial
statements for further information.
Research and Development (R&D).
We conduct
R&D
activities to continually enhance our existing products and services, develop new
products and services to meet our customers’ changing needs and demands, and address new market opportunities. In addition to funding
R&D internally, we also receive funding externally from our customers, partners, and governments, which contributes to the overall R&D for
the Company.
(a) Primarily related to funding in our Nuclear Power business.
(b) Includes Advanced Research.
Interest and Other Financial Charges – Net
.
Interest and other financial charges – net was a
$0.1 billion
benefit for the
year ended
December 31, 2024 and a
$0.1 billion
and
$0.2 billion
charge for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The higher
income in 2024 was primarily due t
o a higher average balance of invested funds and interest received from an arbitration refund.
T
he
primary components of net interest and other financial charges are fees on cash management activities, interest on borrowings, and
interest earned on cash balances and short-term investments.
Income Taxes.
The effective tax rate and provision (benefit) for income taxes for the
years ended
December 31, 2024
,
2023
, and 2022
were as follows:
The effective tax rate for year ended December 31, 2024 was impacted primarily by an increase in valuation allowances in the U.S. and in
certain foreign jurisdictions with losses providing no tax benefit, partially offset by a
pre-tax gain with an insignificant tax impact from the
sale of a portion of Steam Power nuclear activities to EDF.
We recorded an income tax expense on a pre-tax loss in the
years ended
December 31, 2023
and
2022 due to taxes in profitable
jurisdictions and an increase in valuation allowances from losses providing no tax benefit in other jurisdictions.
See Note
15
in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements for further information.
CAPIT
AL RESOUR
CES AND LIQUIDITY
.
Historically, we participated in cash pooling and other financing arrangements with GE to
manage liquidity and fund our operations. As a result of completing the Spin-Off, we no longer participate in these arrangements and our
C
ash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash are held and used solely for our own operations. Our capital structure, long-term commitments,
and sources of liquidity have changed significantly from our historical practices. In connection with the Spin-Off, we received
$0.8 billion
of
cash from GE through a cash contribution of
$0.5 billion
to fund future GE Vernova operations and a cash transfer of
$0.3 billion
restricted
in connection with certain legal matters associated with legacy GE operations,