litigation and other legal challenges could
contribute to a slowdown in, or in some cases, a complete halt to new construction of nuclear power plants, an early shut down of existing
power plants, delays or resistance to reopening power plants that have been shut down, or a dampening of the favorable regulatory climate
needed to introduce new nuclear technologies. Negative public perceptions could also lead to increased regulation or limitations on the
activities of our customers, more onerous operating requirements, or other conditions that could have a material adverse impact on our
customers and our business.
We are subject to international, federal, state, and local regulations governing handling, use, transportation, and disposal of radioactive and
hazardous materials. These requirements are complex and subject to frequent change. Our compliance with amended, new, or more
stringent requirements, stricter interpretations of existing requirements, or the future discovery of contamination may require us to make
material expenditures or subject us to liabilities that we currently do not anticipate. Such expenditures and liabilities may adversely affect
our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
We seek to protect ourselves from liability associated with accidents through contractual precautions with our counterparties, but there can
be no assurance that such contractual limitations on liability will be effective in all cases or that our or our counterparties’ insurance will
cover all the liabilities we have assumed under those contracts. While we maintain insurance coverage as part of our overall risk
management strategy, these policies do not protect us against all liabilities associated with accidents or for unrelated claims. The costs of
defending against a claim arising out of an incident involving radioactive or hazardous materials, such as a precautionary evacuation, and
any damages awarded as a result of such a claim, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
Wind energy is a variable source of electricity and is susceptible to the impacts of weather conditions and other seasonal factors
and constraints.
Due to the variable availability of wind energy, coupled with various transmission limitations, such as grid congestion
caused by the underdevelopment of the local power grids and temporary transmission interruptions caused by system upgrades, wind
power may not be a viable base load source of electricity. As such, while demand for wind power is expected to increase, there are
challenges to wind power becoming a large-scale substitute for other energy sources unless special technologies (e.g., energy storage) are
developed to ensure a more stable and reliable output of electricity generated by the wind power industry. We cannot be certain that our
efforts to develop and introduce advanced wind technologies will be successful, or how successful wind power will be