financial performance, and ability to meet customer commitments.
To address these challenges, we maintain strong supplier relationships and prioritize opportunities to localize our supply chain to serve our
distinct geographies, while at the same time allowing us to maintain a globally diverse supply chain for operational resiliency. Our risk-
based supplier onboarding process involves thorough due diligence, focusing on performance, labor standards, ethical sourcing, and
human rights, supported by an audit program.
We are expanding these efforts to consider environmental impact and environmental, social
and governance (
ESG)
regulations, along with alignment to our GE Vernova sustainability framework.
Internally, we manage risks through cyber mitigation, business continuity planning, and crisis management. We have developed cross-
business councils for supply chain and procurement to proactively share best practices around supply chain resiliency. We are also
enhancing our risk management tools to leverage technology for better market trend analysis and risk mitigation concerning commodity
pricing, availability, lead-times, country specific tariff
impacts, and
ESG compliance. Specifically, to minimize inflationary impacts, we have a
sourcing process to monitor commodity price fluctuations across the ferrous, non-ferrous, precious metals, and energy commodities. We
continue to employ and evolve lean practices across our operations to enhance safety, quality, and delivery performance, building new
capabilities to scale our supply chain aligned to our business growth.
HUMAN CAPITAL.
GE Vernova is a global workforce of approximately 75,000 employees, with approximately 70% of our employees
specializing in manufacturing, engineering, or services. In addition, we have approximately 1,800 employees in Quality or environmental,
health, and safety (EHS) roles, critical disciplines for our success as a company. Our culture enables us to deliver on our purpose and drive
performance. We operate according to a set of shared principles that guide how we aspire to speak, behave, interact, and make decisions.
We call these five principles the GE Vernova Way:
•
We drive
innovation
in everything we do to electrify and decarbonize the world.
•
We serve our
customers
with pride and a focus on mutual success and long-term impact.
•
We challenge ourselves to be better every day;
l
ean
is how we work.
•
We break boundaries and cross borders to win as
one team
.
•
We remain
accountable
individually and collectively to deliver on our purpose and commitments.
2024 FORM 10-K
8
As we strive to live the GE Vernova Way, we create a more respectful, inclusive culture where we can each contribute to meaningful work.
Additional human capital priorities include:
•
Protecting the health and safety of our workforce and contractors.
•
Driving continuous improvement and eliminating waste through lean.
•
Operating as one GE Vernova.
•
Driving sustainable high performance.
•