of heavy-duty and aeroderivative gas turbines for utilities, independent power producers, and
numerous industrial applications, ranging from small, mobile power to utility scale power plants. Gas Power also delivers maintenance and
service solutions across total plant assets and over their operational lifecycle.
Nu
clear Power
-
provides nuclear technology solutions for boiling water reactors including reactor design, reactor fuel and support services,
and the design and development of small modular reactors through joint ventures with
Hitachi, Ltd.
Hydro Power -
provides a portfolio of solutions and services for hydropower generation for both large hydropower plants and small
hydropower solutions.
Steam Power -
offers a comprehensive range of steam turbine technologies and services primarily for nuclear power plants in North
America and coal-fired power plants, helping our customers deliver reliable energy, and supporting coal-fired plant customers
transitioning
to a lower-carbon future
.
We believe that gas power plays an essential role in the energy transition, serving as a fundamental source of reliable and dispatchable
power. Despite evolving market factors related to the energy transition, such as increased renewable energy penetration and new climate
change-related legislation and policies, we anticipate the gas power
industry
will grow over the next decade. We expect gas power
generation to increase at low-single digit rates, playing a critical role supporting load growth, maintaining grid stability, and energy security.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, GE Vernova's gas turbine installed base utilization was flat compared to
the same period last
year
. Growth in Asia from fewer outages and more HA units commissioned and higher utilization in the United States (
U.S.)
were offset by
Europe where increased nuclear, hydro, and renewable energy drove lower gas operations in the year. Global electricity demand increased
by low-single digits.
As of December 31, 2024, our fundamentals remained strong with approximately $73.4 billion in r
emaining performance obligations
(RPO)
and a gas turbine installed base of approximately 7,000 units with approximately 1,700 units under long-term service agreements
and
an
average remaining contract life of approximately 10 years. As of December 31, 2024, we had 32 HA-Turbines in RPO, 30 being installed
and commissioned, and 115 HA-Turbines in our installed base with approximately 2.9 million operating hours.
We maintain a strong focus on our underwriting discipline and risk management to secure deals that meet our financial hurdles and ensure
we deliver confidently for our customers. Operating in emerging markets presents uncertainties in deal closures due to financing and other
complexities. Given the long-cycle nature of our business and the ongoing challenges from inflationary pressures, our Power segment has
proactively implemented lean initiatives to
sustain
cost productivity, collaborated