unable to obtain, maintain, protect, or effectively enforce our IP rights.
We cannot assure that our means of obtaining,
maintaining, and enforcing our IP rights will be adequate to maintain a competitive advantage. The laws of many jurisdictions may not
protect our IP rights or provide an adequate forum to effectively address situations where our IP rights have been compromised.
Furthermore, protecting against the unauthorized use of proprietary technology is difficult and expensive and we may need to litigate with
third parties to enforce or defend patents issued to us and our other IP rights or to determine the enforceability and validity of our
proprietary rights or those of others. Determining whether an offering infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates a third party’s IP
rights involves complex legal and factual issues, and the outcome of this type of litigation is often uncertain and may not always be
consistent. An adverse determination in any such litigation could materially impair our IP rights and may have a negative impact on our
business
.
From time to time, we may receive notices from third parties alleging infringement, misappropriation, or violation of their IP rights. We are
also subject to lawsuits alleging infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of third-party IP rights. When such claims are asserted
against us (or to avoid such claims), we may sometimes seek to license the third party’s IP rights, which may be costly. We may be unable
to obtain necessary licenses on satisfactory terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain an adequate license, we may be subject to lawsuits
seeking damages or an injunction against the manufacture, import, marketing, sale, or operation of certain of our offerings or against the
operation of part of our business as presently conducted. Any settlement payment or other compromise may have future repercussions on
our ability to defend and protect certain of our IP rights. We do not maintain insurance for claims or litigation involving the infringement,
misappropriation, or other violation of IP rights. Regardless of the merits or outcome, the resolution of any IP dispute could require
significant financial and management resources.
Adverse judicial rulings or our entry into any license or settlement agreement in connection with third-party claims could affect our ability to
compete on certain offerings and have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Our
agreements with our customers and other third parties typically include indemnification or other provisions under which we agree to
indemnify or otherwise be liable to them for losses suffered or incurred as a result of certain third-party IP claims. We may not always be
successful in limiting our liability with respect to such obligations and could become subject to large indemnity payments or damages claims
from contractual breach, which could harm our business results,