consequences of the
Spin-Off. Each opinion assumed that the Spin-Off would be completed according to the terms of the Separation and Distribution Agreement
and relies on the facts as stated in the Separation and Distribution Agreement, the Tax Matters Agreement, the other ancillary agreements,
the
Information Statemen
t and a number of other documents.
In addition, the opinion of counsel, the opinion of Ernst & Young, LLP, and the private letter ruling relied on certain facts, assumptions,
representations, and undertakings from GE and us regarding the past and future conduct of the companies’ respective businesses and
other matters. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations, or undertakings are incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, GE and its
stockholders may not be able to rely on the opinion of counsel, the opinion of Ernst & Young, LLP, or the private letter ruling and could be
subject to significant tax liabilities.
The opinion of counsel and the opinion of Ernst & Young, LLP will not be binding on the IRS or the courts, and there can be no assurance
that the IRS or a court will not take a contrary position. Notwithstanding the opinion of counsel, the opinion of Ernst & Young, LLP, or the
private letter ruling, the IRS could determine on audit that the Spin-Off or any of certain related transactions is taxable if it determines that
any of these facts, assumptions, representations, or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the
conclusions in the opinion that are not covered by the private letter ruling, or for other reasons, including as a result of certain significant
changes in the stock ownership of GE or us after the Spin-Off. If the conclusions expressed in the opinion of counsel or the opinion of Ernst
& Young, LLP are challenged by the IRS, and if the IRS prevails in such challenge, the tax consequences of the Spin-Off (including the tax
consequences to GE and the U.S. Holders (as defined in the Information Statement)) could be materially less favorable.
If the Spin-Off were determined not to qualify for non-recognition of gain or loss under Section 355 and related provisions of the Code, each
U.S. Holder who received our common stock in the Spin-Off would generally be treated as having received a distribution in an amount
equal to the fair market value of our common stock received, which would generally result in: (i) a taxable dividend to the U.S. Holder to the
extent of that U.S. Holder’s pro rata share of GE’s current or accumulated earnings and profits; (ii) a reduction in the U.S. Holder’s basis
(but not below zero) in GE common stock to the extent the amount received exceeds the stockholder’s share of GE’s earnings and profits;
and (iii) taxable gain from the exchange of GE common stock to the extent the amount received exceeds the sum of the U.S. Holder’s
share of GE’s earnings and profits and the U.S. Holder’s basis in its GE common stock. See “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax