such that our cash balance on the date of the completion of
the Spin-Off was approximately
$4.2 billion
. As of
December 31, 2024
, our Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash was
$8.2 billion
,
$0.4 billion
of which was restricted use c
ash
.
During the year ended
December 31, 2024
, we received proceeds of
$0.9 billion, net of
directly attributable taxes paid, from the
sales of a portion of our equity interest in
GE Vernova T&D India Ltd
(formerly known as GE T&D
India Ltd)
,
proceeds of $0.2 billion from the sale of a portion of our investment in
China XD Electric Co., Ltd., net cash proceeds of $0.6
billion
from our Steam Power business sale of part of its nuclear activities to EDF, and a cash refund of $0.3 billion in connection with an
arbitration proceeding
.
In addition, we have access to a
$3.0 billion
committed revolving
credit facility (Revolving Credit Facility). See “—
Capital Resources and Liquidity—Debt” for further information. We believe our unrestricted c
ash, cash equivalents
,
future
cash flows
2024 FORM 10-K
41
generated from operations, and committed credit facility will be responsive to the needs of our current and planned operations for at least
the next 12 months.
On December 10, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a $0.25 per share quarterly dividend on the outstanding common stock, which we
paid on January 28, 2025, to stockholders of record as of December 20, 2024. In addition, on December 10, 2024, we announced that the
Board of Directors had authorized up to $6 billion of common stock repurchases.
Consolidated and Combined Statement of Cash Flows.
The most significant source of cash flows from operations is customer-related
activities, the largest of which is collecting cash resulting from equipment or services sales. The most significant operating uses of cash are
to pay our suppliers, employees, tax authorities, and postretirement plans. We measure ourselves on a free cash flow* basis. We believe
that free cash flow* provides management and investors with an important measure of our ability to generate cash on a normalized basis.
Free cash flow* also provides insight into our ability to produce cash subsequent to fulfilling our capital obligations; however, free cash flow*
does not delineate funds available for discretionary uses as it does not deduct the payments required for certain investing and financing
activities.
We typically invest in
PP&E
over multiple periods to support new product introductions and increases in manufacturing capacity and to
perform ongoing maintenance of our manufacturing operations. We believe that while PP&E expenditures will fluctuate period to period, we
will need to maintain a material level of net PP&E spend to maintain ongoing operations and growth of the business.
Cash from (used for) operating activities
was
$2.6 billion
and
$1.2 billion
for the
years ended
December 31, 2024
and
2023
,
respectively.
Cash
from (used for) operating activities increased by
$1.4 billion
in