finance instruments supporting the performance of what were subsidiary legal entities transacting directly with customers, in addition
to providing similar credit support for some non-customer related activities of GE Vernova. There are no known instances historically where
payments or performance from GE were required under parent company guarantees relating to GE Vernova customer contracts.
Tran
sfer of Tax Credits
to GE.
Under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which went into effect in 2023, we generate advanced
manufacturing credits in our Wind business.
These credits are transferable and are not reliant on a tax liability to be realized.
During the
first quarter of 2024, we received cash of
$
249
million
from GE for credits generated prior to the Spin-Off. See Note
11
f
or further
information regarding production tax credits transferred to GE.
NOTE
25
.
SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
Operating segments include components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly
by the Company’s Chief
Operating Dec
ision Maker (CODM) for the purpose of assessing performance and allocating resources. The
Company’s CODM is its Chief Executive Officer (CEO). Our operating activities are managed through
three
segments: Power, Wind, and
Electrification. These segments have been identified based on the nature of the products and services sold and how the Company
manages its operations.
The performance of these segments is principally measured based on revenues and segment EBITDA. Segment EBITDA is determined
based on the performance measures used by our CEO to assess the performance of each business in a given period. In connection with
that assessment, the CEO may exclude matters, such as charges for impairments, significant higher-cost restructuring programs,
manufacturing footprint rationalization and other similar expenses, acquisition costs and other related charges, certain gains and losses
from acquisitions or dispositions and certain other non-operational items.
Consistent accounting policies have been applied by all segments for all reporting periods. See Note
1
for a
description of our reportable
segments.
2024 FORM 10-K
84
(a) The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly provided to the CODM.
Intersegment expenses are included within the amounts shown.
(b) Excludes depreciation and amortization expenses.
(c) Primarily includes equity method investment income and other interest and investment income.
2024 FORM 10-K
85
(a) Includes interest expense (income) of
$
10
million
,
$
45
million
, and
$
54
million
and benefit (provision) for income taxes of
$
56
million
,
$
168
million
and
$(
1
) million
for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, related to the Financial Services
business which, because of the nature of its investments, is managed on an after-tax basis due to its strategic investments in