storage solutions). Successfully navigating these changes will require significant investments in
power grids and other infrastructure, R&D, and new technology and products, both by us and third parties. Our success in advancing
decarbonization objectives across our businesses will also depend in part on the actions of governments, regulators and other market
participants to invest in infrastructure, create appropriate market incentives and to otherwise support the development of new technologies
in time to take advantage of existing or emerging market opportunities. Considering the above, there is no assurance that we will be
successful in addressing effectively either electrification or decarbonization.
The process of developing new high-technology products and enhancing existing products to address the impact of climate change is often
complex, costly and uncertain, and we may pursue strategies or make investments that do not prove to be commercially successful in the
timeframes expected or at all. If the decarbonization landscape changes faster than anticipated or in a manner that we do not anticipate,
demand for our products, solutions, and services could be adversely affected.
Demand
for certain of our products, solutions, and services, particularly in our Power segment, depend on oil and gas regulatory
policy, prices and global and regional supply and demand, and technological innovations and efficiencies, which are subject to
factors beyond our control and may adversely affect our operating results.
Demand for certain of our products, solutions, and
services, particularly in our Power segment, is partially affected by oil and gas regulatory policy, prices, and demand for oil and, in
particular, gas, which are subject to factors beyond our control. Several U.S. and international pledges, agreements, and initiatives, such as
those adopted at the 2023 United Nations Climate Change Conference (
COP28
), resulted in more stringent regulations on oil and gas
operations, which could impact production costs, reduce oil and gas demand, and curtail future investments in gas turbine generation. The
oil and gas segment could also experience a reduction in utilization by the switch away from gas to other sources of energy if prices for
such alternative sources are lower than those for gas.
Energy prices could impact many of our customers’ cash flows and their ability to fund exploration and development activities. Because
prices of oil and gas products are set on a commodity basis, the volatility in oil and gas prices and demand can impact our customers’
activity levels and spending for our products, solutions, and services. Expectations about future prices and price volatility are important for
determining future spending levels. Actual and anticipated increases in oil and gas prices (and corresponding low demand for oil and gas)
have in the past contributed to, and may in the future contribute to, an overall economic recession, which may raise risks