and financial condition.
We currently have equity interests in multiple joint ventures and expect to enter into additional joint venture arrangements in the future. Our
influence over these entities varies depending on the level and nature of ownership and/or rights agreed, and for some of these entities our
influence may be limited. Even in joint ventures where we have greatest influence, we are usually required to reach consensus with our
joint venture partners in connection with major decisions concerning the operations of the joint ventures. This could create the risk of
impasses on decisions, given that our partners in these arrangements may have economic or business interests that diverge from our
interests. Additionally, differences in views among the joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or disputes. Conflicts may
arise in these arrangements concerning the achievement of performance milestones or the interpretation of significant terms under any
agreement (including financial obligations), termination rights, or the ownership or control of IP developed during the arrangement. We also
cannot control the actions of our joint venture partners. We sometimes have joint and several liabilities with our joint venture partners under
the applicable contracts for joint venture projects and we cannot be certain that our partners will be able to satisfy any potential liability that
could arise. These factors could potentially harm the business and operations of a joint venture and, in turn, our business and operations.
In addition, our arrangements involving joint ventures may restrict us from gaining access to the cash flows or assets of these entities. In
some cases, our joint ventures have governmentally imposed restrictions on their abilities to transfer funds to us.
In addition, success on consortium projects depends in part on whether our consortium partners fulfill their contractual obligations. Such
projects are subject to the risk that our consortium partners may block or delay decisions which could be integral to the success of the
project or investments in the project, or could implement strategies that are contrary to our economic interests, resulting in a lower return
than expected. If any of these third parties fails to perform its contractual obligations satisfactorily, we may be required to provide or procure
added services to compensate for such failure. Such third-party failures may also expose us to reputational harm as well as complaints
from customers and other counterparties. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows,
financial condition, or prospects.
Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to develop and introduce new technologies.
In many of the industries in which
we operate, technologies change rapidly, and customer needs evolve regularly. Our future growth will depend on our ability to continue to
innovate by developing and