of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. In
addition, public perception of such an actual or apparent conflict of interest could pose reputational risks and expose us to increased
scrutiny from investors and regulators. Although we have policies governing conflicts of interest, they may not sufficiently protect against
these risks.
Our written code of conduct applies to our directors and executive officers, as well as employees, and intends to promote honest and
ethical conduct, including the handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interests between personal and professional relationships. Our
governance principles assist with governance practices, including a requirement that directors disclose actual or potential conflicts of
interest and recuse themselves from any discussion or decision affecting their personal, business, or professional interests. The
governance principles also delegate the resolution of any conflict of interest question involving a director or an executive officer to the
Nominating and Governance Committee and the resolution of any conflict of interest issue involving any other officer of the Company to the
CEO. In addition, each of our officers and directors have confirmed their ongoing obligation to notify management of their outside activities,
which enables management to monitor future potential conflicts of interest, whether with GE or other third parties.
We may not be able to arrange for the termination or replacement of, and the release of GE and its subsidiaries from, the
remaining parent company credit support obligations.
To support GE Vernova in selling products and services globally, prior to the
Spin-Off, GE entered into contracts on behalf of GE Vernova or issued parent company guarantees or trade finance instruments supporting
the performance of what are subsidiary legal entities transacting directly with customers of GE Vernova, in addition to having provided
similar credit support for some non-customer related activities of GE Vernova (collectively, “GE credit support”), which is further described
in "Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions— Agreements with GE—Separation and Distribution Agreement—Credit
Support” section in the Information Statement. The Separation and Distribution Agreement requires us to use reasonable best efforts to
arrange for the termination or replacement of, and the release of GE and its subsidiaries from, all GE credit support. See Item 7.
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Capital Resources and Liquidity—Parent
Company Credit Support" for information about the amounts of the parent
company guarantees.
For the obligations that remain outstanding
under GE credit support, we are required to indemnify GE against any amounts paid in connection with such GE credit support. Pursuant to
the Separation and Distribution Agreement, we are subject to certain restrictions and covenants with respect to contracts