pensions, or other benefits, or that a breakdown in such negotiations will not result in the disruption of
our operations, including by way of strikes or work stoppages. In addition, negotiations with labor unions, possible work stoppages and
other labor problems could divert management attention, which could further harm our business. Furthermore, some of our customers and
suppliers have unionized work forces. We may experience an adverse impact on our operating results, financial condition, cash flows, and
competitive position if we are subject, directly or indirectly, to labor actions by our or our suppliers’ or customers’ employees, or as a result
of general country strikes or work stoppages unrelated to our business or collective bargaining agreements.
Our reputation and our ability to conduct business may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents, or
business partners.
Misconduct, fraud, non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, or other improper activities by any of our
employees, agents, or business partners could have a significant negative impact on our business and reputation. Such misconduct could
include payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, anti-kickback and false claims rules, competition, export and import compliance,
money laundering, data privacy, and lobbying and similar activities. The FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, the Brazil Clean Companies
Act, China’s Unfair Competition Law, India’s Prevention of Corruption Act, and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws in other
jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose
2024 FORM 10-K
24
of obtaining or retaining business. We operate in parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. It is
possible that the controls that we undertake to facilitate lawful conduct, which include training, internal control policies, and other
safeguards to educate our employees and certain third parties, could be intentionally circumvented or become inadequate because of
changed conditions. As a result, we cannot assure that our controls will protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our
employees or agents. Any alleged or actual violations of these laws or regulations may subject us to government scrutiny, criminal, civil, or
administrative sanctions, stockholder lawsuits, reputational damage, and other liabilities. In some instances, we make self-disclosures to
relevant authorities who may pursue or decline to pursue enforcement proceedings against us. The costs associated with the investigation,
remediation, and potential notification of any violation to customers, regulators, and counterparties could be material. Any of the foregoing
could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects.
Risks Relating to Technology and Intellectual Property
We may be