to unfavorable foreign currency impacts. Strengthening
of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro and the currencies of the other countries in which we do business, could materially and adversely
affect our ability to compete in international markets and our sales growth in future periods. In addition, we may be unable to hedge the
effects of foreign exchange rate and interest rate changes in a cost-effective manner. For a discussion of the ways and extent to which we
attempt to mitigate the impact of foreign exchange risk, see Note 20 in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements
and Item 7A. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk." Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our
business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects.
We may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to us, or at all, and we may be restricted
or delayed in accessing our cash held overseas.
Our business relies on the availability of financing for our products and services. The
capital and credit markets may experience extreme volatility or disruptions that may lead to uncertainty and liquidity issues for both
borrowers and investors. Certain customers and suppliers, as well as our business, may need access to credit and trade finance lines and
other financing instruments for certain transactions. We have a $3.0 billion committed credit facility and a $3.0 billion committed trade
finance facility, but there can be no assurance that these facilities will be sufficient to meet our future needs for such transactions.
Additionally, we may need to access the capital markets to supplement our existing funds and cash generated from operations to satisfy
our needs for example, for working capital or capital expenditure requirements. A variety of factors beyond our control could impact the
availability or cost of capital, including domestic or international economic conditions, increases in key benchmark interest rates and/or
credit spreads, the adoption of new or amended banking or capital market laws or regulations, and the repricing of market risks and
volatility in capital and financial markets. In the event of adverse capital and credit market conditions, we may be unable to obtain capital
market financing on favorable terms, or at all, and changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized credit-rating agencies could
adversely affect our ability to obtain capital market financing and the cost of such financing. Additionally, a large portion of our total
consolidated cash will be held overseas and may not be efficiently accessible to GE Vernova to finance or to otherwise support our capital
market requirements. Such factors may impact our ability, or the ability of our customers or suppliers, to obtain debt financing, guarantees,
or hedging from financial institutions which may negatively impact our business.
In addition, large energy projects may require co-