management process
that includes expectations regarding
information protection and cybersecurity. That process, among other things, provides for GE Vernova to perform cybersecurity
assessments on certain suppliers based on their risk profile and a related rating process. GE Vernova also seeks contractual
commitments from key suppliers to appropriately secure and maintain their IT systems and protect our information that is
processed on their systems.
•
Third-party assessments.
We have third-party cybersecurity companies engaged to periodically assess GE Vernova’s
cybersecurity posture and assist in identifying and remediating risks from cybersecurity threats.
GE Vernova considers cybersecurity, along with other top risks, within our enterprise risk management framework. The enterprise risk
management framework includes internal reporting at the enterprise level with consideration of key risk indicators, trends, and
countermeasures for cybersecurity and other types of significant risks.
GE Vernova does not believe that there are currently any known
incidents from cybersecurity threats that are reasonably likely to materially affect GE Vernova or its business strategy, results of operations,
or financial condition
. As is the case for all large, global companies, we face certain ongoing risks from cybersecurity threats that, if
realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or
financial condition. See Item 1A. "Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Technology and Intellectual Property" for further information about these
risks. We outsource certain cybersecurity functions and will continue to look for opportunities to utilize managed security service providers.
In addition, we collaborate with GE Aerospace on certain cybersecurity functions and will continue to do so during a transition period
following our Spin-Off. These arrangements increase our overall cyber risk given the degree of our interconnectedness with these third
parties and the potential impact on our outsourced functions that could be caused by an attack on them.
The Audit Committee of the GE Vernova’s Board of Directors is responsible for board-level oversight of cybersecurity risk, and the Audit
Committee reports back to the full Board about this and other areas within its responsibility
.
As part of its oversight role, the Audit
Committee receives reporting about GE Vernova’s practices, programs, notable threats or incidents, and other developments related to
cybersecurity throughout the year, including through periodic updates from our
Chief Information Security Officer (CISO)
. The Audit
Committee also receives information about cybersecurity risks as part of GE Vernova’s enterprise risk management framework and
reporting. In addition to receiving reports from the Audit Committee, the Board also periodically receives direct reports from the CISO on the
Company's cybersecurity risk management.
GE