data protection laws or regulations could result in substantial fines, regulatory investigations, reputational
damage, orders to cease processing or to change uses of data, sanctions, and enforcement notices, and raise the potential for civil claims
and proceedings, including class action litigation.
2024 FORM 10-K
26
International, federal, and state laws, regulations, and standards can differ significantly from one another and may be interpreted and
applied differently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. It is not uncommon for there to be a period of uncertainty over how to
practically apply the law, such as when there is a delay in regulators issuing supplementary guidance or implementing regulations to
provide clarity on their expectations. We are also observing an increase in jurisdictional specific requirements related to the cross-border
transfer of personal information, which can bring complexity to processing operations that are supported by external third parties located
globally. Given our global footprint, this complexity may significantly complicate our compliance efforts and impose considerable costs, such
as costs related to organizational changes, modification of our data processing practices and policies, implementation of additional
protection technologies, or consultation with third parties who have jurisdictional expertise. In addition, compliance with applicable
requirements may take time away from management of other issues and can divert resources from other initiatives and projects. Any failure
or perceived failure by us to comply with applicable international, federal, or state laws, regulations, standards, contractual obligations, or
customer-imposed controls relating to data privacy and security could adversely affect our business and result in damage to our reputation
and our relationship with our customers.
Risks Relating to Financial, Accounting, and Tax Matters
Volatility in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
As a
result of our global operations, we generate and incur a significant portion of our revenues and expenses in currencies other that the U.S.
d
ollar.
Our business is subject to foreign currency exchange rates fluctuations, particularly with respect to the Euro and the British pound
sterling.
Changes in the value of currencies of the countries in which we do business relative to the value of the U.S. dollar could affect our ability to
sell products competitively and control our cost structure, which could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial
condition, and results of operations. Additionally, we are subject to foreign exchange translation risk due to changes in the value of foreign
currencies in relation to our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. As the U.S. dollar fluctuates against other currencies in which we transact
business, revenue and income can be impacted, including revenue decreases due