forum, the Court of Chancery located
within the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee, agent, or stockholder to us or our
stockholders, any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or the bylaws, or any action
asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. However, if the Court of Chancery within the State of Delaware lacks jurisdiction
over such action, the action may be brought in another court of the State of Delaware or, if no court of the State of Delaware has
jurisdiction, then in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware. Additionally, our certificate of incorporation states that the foregoing
provision will not apply to claims arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act). Unless we consent in writing to the
selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of
any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. The exclusive forum provisions will be applicable to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over
all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the
exclusive forum provisions will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for
which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. There is, however, uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce the exclusive forum
provisions, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore,
Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or
liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, to have consented to the provisions of our certificate of incorporation described above. The choice of
forum provision may result in increased costs for investors to bring a claim. Further, the choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder’s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, other employees, or
stockholders, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, other employees, or stockholders. However, the
enforceability of similar forum provisions in other companies’ certificates