determined on a first-in, first-out
basis. Write-downs for excess, slow moving, and obsolete inventory are recorded as necessary. To determine these amounts, inventory
quantities on-hand are regularly reviewed and compared to historical utilization and estimates of future product demand, market conditions,
and technological developments.
See Note
5
for further information.
Property, Plant, and Equipment.
The cost of property, plant, and equipment is generally depreciated on a straight-line basis over its
estimated economic life.
See Note
6
for further information.
2024 FORM 10-K
59
Leases
.
At lease commencement, we record a lease liability and corresponding right-of-use (ROU) asset, included in Property, plant, and
equipment. Options to extend the lease are included as part of the ROU asset and liability when it is reasonably certain the Company will
exercise the option. We have elected to include lease and non-lease components in determining our lease liability for all leased assets
except our vehicle leases. Non-lease components are generally services that the lessor performs for the Company associated with the
leased asset. As the Company’s leases typically do not provide an implicit rate, the present value of our lease liability is determined using
the Company
’s incremental collateralized borrowing rat
e at lease commencement. For leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, an
ROU asset and lease liability are not recognized and lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Certain of
our leases include provisions for variable lease payments which are based on, but not limited to, maintenance, insurance, taxes, index
escalations, and usage based amounts. The Company recognizes variable lease payments not included in its lease liabilities in the period
in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. We test ROU assets whenever events or changes
in
circumstance indicate that the
asset may be impaired.
See Notes
6
and
7
for further information.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.
We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually in the fourth quarter of each
year using October 1st as the measurement date. We also test goodwill for impairment when an event occurs or circumstances change that
would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We recognize an impairment charge if the
carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value.
For other intangible assets, cost is generally amortized on a straight-line basis over the asset’s estimated economic life. Amortizable
intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts
may not be recoverable. In these circumstances, they are tested for impairment based on undiscounted cash flows and, if impaired, written
down to estimated fair value based on either discounted cash flows or appraised values.
See Note
8