losses associated
with, catastrophic events. As a result, any business disruption could still negatively affect our business, operating results, cash flows, or
financial condition.
Political and economic instability, restrictive trade policies, restrictions on the repatriation of funds, and export and import restrictions may
disrupt our supply chain and impact our ability to generate products, solutions, and services to meet customer demands. The prices of raw
materials and other components that we use in production may increase and be susceptible to significant fluctuations due to trends in
supply and demand, commodity prices, currency exchange rates, transportation costs, government regulations and tariffs, price controls,
and economic conditions, among other factors. In addition, various geopolitical factors, including the level of economic activity in China, the
conflict in Ukraine, and the conflicts in the Middle East, have added to the volatility in energy costs. These circumstances may have a
substantial adverse impact on our business activities, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
Our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition could be adversely affected by any negative impact on
the global economy and financial markets resulting from the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine.
Global markets
experienced volatility and disruption as a result of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Although the length and impact of the
ongoing conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine has contributed and could continue to contribute to volatility in global
financial markets, energy costs, and commodity prices and exacerbate existing supply chain constraints. Additionally, the conflict in Ukraine
has led to sanctions and other penalties being levied by the United States, European Union, and other countries against Russia. Additional
potential sanctions and penalties have also been proposed and/or threatened. Our business and financial performance have been
negatively impacted by the sanctions and penalties implemented in response to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. For example, in
2022 we recognized $0.2 billion of pre-tax charges primarily from impairments of receivables, inventory, contract assets, and equity method
investments directly resulting from the sanctions relating to this conflict, predominantly related to our Power business. Due to the expansion
of U.S. sanctions in 2023, we recognized an additional pre-tax charge of $0.1 billion primarily from impairments of inventory, receivables,
and contract assets.
While our remaining net asset exposure to Russia is not material, we continue to actively monitor the dynamic
situation in Ukraine and applicable laws, sanctions, and trade control restrictions resulting from the conflict. The extent to which our
operations and financial results may be affected by the ongoing conflict in Ukraine will depend on various