costly, time-consuming,
and may require significant financial and personnel resources. If we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those
actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages,
disgorgement, monetary fines, individual imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in certain government programs, contractual
damages, reputational harm, delayed or reduced payments, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment or restructuring of our
operations. In addition, any of our government contracts could be terminated or we could be suspended or debarred from all government
contract work or participation in projects involving multilateral development banks. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects.
Our failure to comply with financial services regulatory obligations could damage our reputation, result in regulatory action
against us and adversely affect our business.
Certain of our affiliates are or intend to become a broker-dealer or a registered investment
adviser, as applicable, and will provide fee-based services in respect of the arranging and syndication of securities, transaction advisory
and structuring, and investment management inclusive of tax equity investments. For the first two years of GE Vernova’s existence, these
services will be provided to GE on a cost-basis. In the future, such services may be provided to third parties on an arms-length basis. For
more information, see “Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions—Agreements with GE—Framework Investment
Agreement
”
in the Information Statement. While we believe these kinds of transactions are beneficial to our business, the functions that these affiliates
will perform may give rise to conflicts of interest, because these transactions will typically involve investments in large energy infrastructure
projects to which GE Vernova’s businesses will sell equipment and services. Such conflicts of interest, whether actual or perceived, may
result in potential litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. Broker-dealers are registered with the SEC and are members of self-
regulatory organizations such as FINRA. As such, they are subject to the regulations established under the Exchange Act and FINRA rules.
Registered investment advisers are registered with the SEC and are subject to the requirements and regulations of the Advisers Act. The
regulations to which broker-dealers and registered investment advisers are subject are extensive and evolving over time, and the level of
financial regulation has generally increased in recent years. A failure to comply with the obligations imposed by the Advisers Act, Exchange
Act or FINRA rules, including recordkeeping, advertising and operating requirements, disclosure obligations and prohibitions on