management makes estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities, including our contingent
liabilities, as of the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of our revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.
Our actual results may differ from these estimates. We consider estimates to be critical (i) if we are required to make assumptions about
material matters that are uncertain at the time of estimation or (ii) if materially different estimates could have been made or it is reasonably
likely that the accounting estimate will change from period to period.
See
Item 7. "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations
—
Critical Accounting Estimates" and Note 2 in the Notes to the audited consolidated and combined
financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 for additional discussion of
accounting policies and critical accounting estimates.
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
.
The non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
are
supplemental measures of our performance and our liquidity that we believe help investors understand our financial condition and operating
results and assess our future prospects. We believe that presenting these non-GAAP financial measures, in addition to the corresponding
U.S. GAAP financial measures, are important supplemental measures that exclude non-cash or other items that may not be indicative of or
are unrelated to our core operating results and the overall health of our company. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures
provide investors greater transparency to the information used by management for its operational decision-making and allow investors to
see our results “through the eyes of management.” We further believe that providing this information assists our investors in understanding
our operating performance and the methodology used by management to evaluate and measure such performance. When read in
conjunction with our U.S. GAAP results, these non-GAAP financial measures provide a baseline for analyzing trends in our underlying
businesses and can be used by management as one basis for financial, operational, and planning decisions. Finally, these measures are
often used by analysts and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry.
Management recognizes that these non-GAAP financial measures have limitations, including that they may be calculated differently by
other companies or may be used under different circumstances or for different purposes, thereby affecting their comparability from
company to company. In order to compensate for these and the other limitations discussed below, management does not consider these
measures in isolation from or as alternatives to the comparable financial measures determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Readers
should review the reconciliations below
, and above