base and delivering new technologies and processes, which improve customer outcomes while
driving increased profitability and cash flow.
•
Improving margins and lowering risk through better underwriting.
•
Streamlining our product portfolio to focus on core workhorse products, which will improve both cost and quality going forward.
•
Using Lean to improve our cost structure and productivity levels across our business and corporate functions.
•
Innovating and investing, along with third parties, in new offerings and technologies that will help customers electrify and
decarbonize the world.
•
Allocating capital as a whole and within our various businesses – focused on generating cash flow to enable attractive stockholder
returns, with a commitment to return at least 1/3 of our
free cash flow*
to our stockholders.
SUSTAINABILITY.
As a company whose technology base helps generate approximately 25% of the world’s electricity, our integration of
sustainability into our core business strategy and culture reflects our strategic imperative to electrify and decarbonize the world and to play
a crucial role in the energy transition. Our s
ustainability framework
is guided by our commitment to help the energy sector address the
energy trilemma of reliability, affordability, and sustainability.
To operationalize this commitment, we have built the sustainability governance framework of “the Control Room.” The Control Room is led
by our Chief Sustainability Officer, who supervises a cross-functional, global team, and chairs our Sustainability Council. Further, we have a
Safety and Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors, which guides and oversees our sustainability goals, impacts, risks, and
efforts. Our operational efforts are aligned with our business strategy, the priorities of our stakeholders, our commitments, and our aim to
deliver innovative technologies to create a more sustainable electric power system.
The four pillars of our sustainability framework: Electrify, Decarbonize, Conserve, and Thrive:
•
Electrify: Catalyze access to more secure, sustainable, reliable, and affordable electricity, while helping to drive global
economic development.
We seek to add power generation and grid capacity to strengthen current electricity infrastructure and
provide critical redundancy, support electrification in underserved regions, and encourage economic development.
•
Decarbonize: Invent, deploy, and service technology to help decarbonize and electrify the world.
We seek to advance both
the near-term impact by improving the trajectory on carbon intensity and the long-term impact by deploying products that are
increasingly capable of lower carbon emissions once supporting infrastructure is deployed at scale.
•
Conserve: Innovate more while using less.
We are working to reduce both our direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions
and have set a goal to achieve carbon neutrality for our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2030. We also support the transition