is not yet resolved, we cannot predict its ultimate resolution, including whether we will retain the funds
following all final appeals, whether we are entitled to additional interest, or whether the Fund may contend it is owed interest if it prevails.
OFFSH
ORE
WIND.
On July 13, 2024, a wind turbine blade event occurred, related to a manufacturing deviation, at the Vineyard Wind
offshore wind farm where we are the manufacturer and supplier of our newly developed Haliade-X 220m wind turbines (Haliade-X). On July
15, 2024,
BSEE
issued a suspension order to cease power production and the installation of new wind turbines at the project site. On
August 10, 2024, BSEE issued a superseding order allowing us to resume the installation of towers and nacelles, subject to certain
conditions. On October 22, 2024, BSEE issued another superseding order allowing us to resume the installation of new blades, subject to
certain conditions. In December, the first new blade set was installed, and commercial power production by that turbine commenced. On
January 17, 2025, BSEE terminated its suspension order. Going forward, the installation of new blades and the production of power are
subject to specified conditions and we will be required to remove blades previously installed. In addition to the blade event at the Vineyard
Wind offshore wind farm, there have been blade events in prior quarters related to commissioning and installation at the Dogger Bank
offshore wind farm.
As we work through these issues, we are gaining experience across our Haliade-X backlog related to installation timelines, including vessel
availability, manufacturing and quality control processes, and various other project activities. Based on this experience, we are developing
and implementing our remediation plans, which includes updates to our project timelines to account for the slower pace of execution.
As a result of the above, we recorded incremental contract losses of approximately $0.9 billion in the third and fourth quarters for both
projects which include the estimated impact of changes in execution timelines, project-related commercial liabilities, costs to remediate
quality issues including the removal of previously installed blades at the Vineyard Wind project, and additional project-related supply chain
and manufacturing costs. Additional changes or other developments could have an adverse effect on our cash collection timelines and
contract margins and could result in further losses, which could be material.
In addition, on September 12, 2024, we entered into a settlement agreement regarding a project that was previously canceled by a
customer resulting in a gain of approximately $0.3 billion in the third quarter, which was recorded as $0.5 billion in revenues and $0.2 billion
in cost of sales. The settlement included recovery of costs previously incurred on the canceled project.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Summary of Results.
RPO was
$119.0 billion
and
$115.6 billion
as of
December