the Company began trading as an independent, publicly traded company under the stock symbol “GEV”
on the New York Stock Exchange. On
April 2, 2024
, there were
274,085,523
shares of GE Vernova common
stock outsta
nding.
On
December 31, 2024
, there were
275,880,314
shares of GE Vernova common stock outstanding. On December 10, 2024, we announced
that the Board of Directors had authorized up to
$
6
billion
of common stock repurchases.
2024 FORM 10-K
76
NOTE
17
.
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
.
We grant stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs), and performance share units
(PSUs) to employees under the 2024 Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP).
Under the LTIP, we are authorized to issue up to approximately
25
million
shares. We record compensation expense for awards expected to vest over the vesting period. We estimate forfeitures based on
experience and adjust expense to reflect actual forfeitures. When options are exercised, RSUs vest, and PSUs are earned, we issue
shares from authorized unissued common
stock
.
Stock options provide awardees the opportunity to purchase shares of GE Vernova common stock in the future at the market price of our
common stock on the date the award is granted (Strike price). The options become exercisable over the vesting period, typically becoming
fully vested in either
3
or
4
years
from the date of grant, and generally expire
10
years
from the grant date if not exercised. RSUs entitle the
awardee to receive shares of GE Vernova common stock upon vesting. PSUs entitle an awardee to receive shares of GE Vernova common
stock upon certification by the Company's Compensation and Human Capital Committee of the level of performance achievement of the
applicable performance metrics over a defined performance period. We value stock options using a Black-Scholes option pricing model,
RSUs using the market price of our common stock on the grant date, and PSUs using the market price of our common stock on the grant
date and a Monte Carlo simulation as needed based on performance metrics.
The following tables provide the weighted average fair value of options, RSUs, and PSUs granted under the 2024 LTIP to employees
during the nine months ended
December 31, 2024
and the related stock option valuation assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model.
For new awards granted in 2024,
the expected volatility
was derived from a peer group’s blended historical and implied volatility as GE
Vernova does not have sufficient historical volatility based on the expected term of the underlying options
.
The expected term of the stock
options was determined using the simplified method. The risk-free interest rate was determined using the implied yield currently available
for zero-coupon U.S. government issues with a remaining term approximating the expected life of the options.
(a)
On
April 2, 2024
, the Company began trading as an independent, publicly traded company under the stock symbol “GEV” on the New
York Stock Exchange. The beginning shares