our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated and combined financial statements,
which are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (GAAP),
and corresponding notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following discussion and
analysis provides information that management believes to be relevant to understanding the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company for the
three months ended
March 31, 2025
and
2024
. The below discussion should be read alongside Item 7.
"Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and our audited consolidated and combined
financial statements and corresponding notes in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.
Unless
otherwise noted, tables are presented in
U
.S. dollars in millions, except for per-share amounts which are presented in U.S. dollars. Certain
columns and rows within tables may not add due to the use of rounded numbers. Percentages presented in this report are calculated from
the underlying numbers in millions.
Unless otherwise noted, statements related to changes in operating results relate to the corresponding
period in the prior year.
In the accompanying analysis of financial information, we sometimes use information derived from consolidated and combined financial
data but not presented in our financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Certain of these data are considered “non-GAAP
financial measures” under SEC rules. For the reasons we use these non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to their most
directly comparable GAAP financial measures, see "
—
Non-GAAP Financial Measures."
Financial Presentation Under GE Ownership.
W
e completed our separation from General Electric Company (GE), which now operates
as GE Aerospace, on April 2, 2024 (the Spin-Off).
For further information, see Note 1 in the Notes to our audited consolidated and
combined financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal
year ended December 31, 2024.
Tariffs.
During April 2025, the United States and other countries imposed global tariffs. These tariffs and any future tariffs will result in
additional costs to us. The current total
estimated cost impact
from the global tariffs as outlined is approximately $300 million
to $400 million
in
2025
, after taking into consideration contractual protections and mitigating actions. The actual impact of the tariffs may be significantly
different than our current estimate. Our estimate is subject to several factors including the amount, duration, scope and nature of the tariffs,
countermeasures that countries take, mitigating or other actions we take, and contractual implications.
Power Conversion & Storage.
Effective January 1, 2025, our Power Conversion and Solar & Storage Solutions business units within our
Electrification segment were combined