Two.
Accordingly, we continue to evaluate the potential consequences of Pillar Two on our longer-term financial position as related tax laws are
enacted. In
2024
, we incurred insignificant tax expenses in connection with Pillar Two
.
2024 FORM 10-K
74
Deferred Income Taxes.
The components of the net deferred tax asset (liability) for the years ended December 31 were as follows:
(a)
Certain U.S. tax attributes, primarily tax loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards, were retained by GE following the Spin-off.
See Note
1
for further information regarding the Tax Matters Agreement.
(b)
Tax loss carryforwards as of
December 31, 2024
are primarily related to Switzerland and other foreign jurisdictions, which if unused,
approximately
$
2,349
million
will expire between 2025-2044 and
$
3,373
million
do not expire.
(c) Tax credit carryforwards as of
December 31, 2024
are
primarily related to U.S. foreign tax credits and research performed in the U.S.,
which if unused, will expire in various years through 2034.
(d) Valuation allowances decreased by
$
1,286
million
in 2024
primarily due to a reduction in deferred tax assets related to certain U.S. tax
attributes retained by GE following the Spin-off and a
$
140
million
net decrease resulting from a change in judgement regarding the
realizability of deferred tax assets in certain foreign jurisdictions, partially offset by additional tax loss carryforwards in certain foreign
jurisdictions where it is more likely than not the tax benefits will not be realized.
(e)
We recognized
$
287
million
of foreign deferred tax l
iabilities transferred from GE in 2024 related to separation activities. See Note
1
for
further information regarding the Tax Matters Agreement.
We regularly assess the realizability of our deferred tax assets based on all available evidence both positive and negative. Based on our
assessment of the realizability of our deferred tax assets as of
December 31, 2024
, we continue to maintain valuation allowances against
our deferred tax assets in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions, primarily due to cumulative losses in those jurisdictions. Given the
current year profit and anticipated future profitability in the U.S., it is reasonably possible that the continued improvement in our U.S.
operations could result in the positive evidence necessary to warrant the release of a significant portion of our U.S. valuation allowance as
early as the second half of 2025. A release of the valuation allowance would result in the recognition of certain U.S. deferred tax assets and
a corresponding benefit in our provision for income taxes in the period the release occurs.
As of
December 31, 2024
, we recognized a
$
103
million
deferred tax liability, primarily related to withholding taxes, on undistributed
earnings we anticipate repatriating from certain highly
-i
nflationary or currency restricted foreign jurisdictions. N
o
deferred tax liability has
been provided on undistributed earnings of