substantial litigation and other costs in connection with any such claims and, if we do not
prevail, our ability to use these assets could be adversely impacted.
We cannot provide assurance that all such required third-party consents and agreements will be procured or put in place. Consequently, we
may not realize certain of the benefits that are intended to be allocated to us as part of the Spin-Off.
Risks Relating to Our Common Stock and the Securities Market
Our stock price may fluctuate significantly.
The market price of our common stock may fluctuate widely depending on many factors,
some of which may be beyond our control. The nature of our business and industry subject us, and our stock price,
to
volatility
.
Should the
market price of our shares drop significantly, stockholders may institute securities class action lawsuits against us. A lawsuit against us
could cause us to incur substantial costs and could divert the time and attention of our management and other resources.
We may not achieve our target for returning our cash generation to our stockholders and the amounts we do return may be less
than planned.
In December 2024, we announced our plan to return at least one-third of our cash generation to our stockholders. In
connection with that plan, our Board initiated a quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 per share of our common stock, which we paid in January
2025, and a share repurchase authorization of up to $6 billion. Our ability to return cash to our stockholders will depend on our earnings,
financial condition, cash requirements, other potential cash uses, prospects, and other factors. Further, the price, availability, and trading
volumes of our common stock will affect the timing and size of any share repurchases. As a result, we may not achieve our targeted level
for returning cash generation to our stockholders and any amounts we do return may be less than planned.
Holders of our common stock may be diluted due to equity issuances.
In the future, holders of our common stock may be diluted
because of equity issuances for acquisitions, capital market transactions, or otherwise, including any equity awards that we will grant to our
directors, officers, and employees. We award our directors, officers, certain of our employees and others with stock-based awards as part
of our ongoing equity compensation program, and some of those persons also received stock-based awards from GE prior to the Spin-Off
that converted to our stock-based awards. Such awards will have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share, which could adversely affect
the market price of our common stock. We have and plan to issue additional stock-based awards, including annual awards, new hire
2024 FORM 10-K
31
awards, and periodic retention awards, as applicable, to our directors, officers, and other employees under our employee benefits plans as
part of our ongoing equity compensation program.
Certain provisions in our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, the