operations, a growing number of sourcing regulations apply
these regulatory requirements across our full value chain, including global regulations about human rights and environmental due
diligence conducted with respect to suppliers.
•
Government Contractor.
Many of our sales are made to U.S. or foreign governments, regulated entities such as public utilities,
state-owned companies, and other public sector customers. These types of sales often entail additional compliance obligations,
such as public procurement laws.
For example, a bidder may be required to demonstrate that it has been active as a local
registered company or has sufficient capitalization or technical qualifications.
For contracts with the U.S. federal government, with
certain exceptions, we must comply with the Federal Acquisition Regulation and applicable agency rules, regulations governing
Federal Financial Assistance Agreements, rules and regulations issued by the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs,
the Procurement Integrity Act, the Buy American Act, the Trade Agreements Act, and/or presidential executive orders. The U.S.
federal government could invoke the Defense Production Act, requiring that we accept and prioritize contracts for materials
deemed necessary for national defense, regardless of loss in revenue incurred on such contracts. From time to time, we may also
need to comply with the EU’s Foreign Subsidies Regulation, which imposes mandatory notification and approval requirements on
companies bidding on large public tenders in the EU.
2024 FORM 10-K
10
•
Global, Publicly Traded Energy Company.
As a publicly traded company in the U.S, we are subject to the laws and regulations
of the SEC as well as the rules of the New York Stock Exchange, on which our common stock is listed
.
As a global enterprise
operating in over 100 countries, we must abide by laws and regulations applicable to entities across many jurisdictions, including
those governing antitrust and competition, as well as:
◦
Cybersecurity, Data Privacy, and Artificial Intelligence.
We are subject to rapidly evolving laws and regulations governing
cybersecurity and data privacy in many jurisdictions, including those imposed by federal and state regulators in the U.S.,
such as the Federal Trade Commission and state agencies, and the General Data Protection Regulation in Europe. As
artificial intelligence (AI) is an emerging area, we expect to see increased legislation, such as the EU Artificial Intelligence
Act, and additional regulatory obligations across the jurisdictions in which we operate.
◦
Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption.
The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (
FCPA)
, the United Kingdom (
U.K.)
Bribery Act of
2010, the Brazil Clean Companies Act, China’s Unfair Competition Law, India’s Prevention of Corruption Act, and similar
anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from
making improper payments to government