fraudulent
activities, could result in examinations, investigations, sanctions, and reputational damage, and could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. See Item 1. "Business—Regulation—Manufacturer and Servicer—Financial
Services" for further information.
Risks Relating to Employee Matters
If we are unable to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively
and our operations and financial results could be adversely affected.
Our operations and future success depend on our ability to
recruit, develop, and retain highly qualified personnel, particularly our senior management team, key employees and technical personnel,
and on our efficient utilization of our workforce. Our team members are the key resource to developing, manufacturing, and delivering our
products and providing technical services to our customers around the world. Some of our project sites involve placing team members in
geographically remote or high-risk locations, and we may expend significant efforts and incur substantial costs to satisfy employee safety
criteria and retain highly skilled personnel. For example, the installation, operation, and maintenance of offshore wind turbines is difficult,
labor intensive, and costly, and requires the availability of a highly skilled labor force. Notwithstanding our safety precautions and
compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we have experienced safety incidents that resulted in serious injury and death, involving
our employees and contractors, and we may be unable to avoid similar incidents in the future. Any safety concerns or incidents, regardless
of fault, could adversely affect our ability to attract additional qualified employees or contractors. Factors that may affect our ability to attract
and retain sufficient numbers of qualified employees and contractors include employee morale, our reputation, competition from other
employers, our ability to manage attrition, and availability of qualified individuals. Difficulties in hiring or retaining highly qualified personnel,
the failure to properly manage succession plans, or the unexpected loss of experienced employees resulting in the depletion of our
institutional knowledge base as well as difficulties in efficient utilization of our workforce could have an adverse impact on our business
2024 FORM 10-K
23
performance, reputation, results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition. Failure to ensure that we have the depth and breadth of
personnel with the necessary skill set and experience, or the loss of key employees, could impede our ability to deliver our growth
objectives and execute our strategy.
We have significant net liabilities with respect to our postretirement benefit plans, including pension, healthcare, and life
insurance benefits obligations, and the actual costs of these obligations could exceed current estimates and asset returns