defective products, production
downtimes, and operational disruptions.
Furthermore, we rely on software, hardware, and other material components from a number of third parties to manufacture our products. If
a material cyber incident impacting a supplier were to result in its prolonged inability to manufacture and/or ship such components, this
could impact our ability to manufacture our products. In addition, third-party sourced software components, malicious code, or a critical
vulnerability emerging within such software could expose our customers to increased cyber risk. If we were to experience a significant
cybersecurity incident impacting our information systems or data, the costs associated with the investigation, remediation, and potential
notification of the incident to customers, regulators, and counterparties could be material. Any such impact could result in financial or
reputational damage, as well as expose us to litigation and regulatory enforcement actions.
Failure to comply with evolving data privacy and data protection laws and regulations or to otherwise protect personal
information in the jurisdictions in which we operate, may adversely impact our business and financial results.
We have access to
sensitive, confidential, proprietary, or personal information (including employee information) in our businesses that is subject to a variety of
jurisdiction specific data privacy and security laws, regulations, standards, contractual obligations, or customer-imposed controls. The legal
and regulatory environment related to data privacy, data protection, and cyber security is increasingly complex and rigorous, with new and
constantly evolving requirements applicable to our business. This evolution is further complicated by the adoption of new technologies,
particularly generative
AI
, which raises novel privacy and security issues. Enforcement practices vary widely in the jurisdictions in which our
businesses operate and are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future.
As a result of our worldwide operations, we are subject to rapidly shifting privacy and data protection laws and regulations. In the U.S.,
various federal and state regulators, including the Federal Trade Commission, have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws,
regulations, and standards concerning personal information, privacy, and data security. There are also U.S. state privacy laws that impose
privacy and security obligations on companies that collect and process personal information. These state laws, and similar state or federal
laws or regulations that may be enacted in the future, may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and thus incur
substantial compliance-related expenses or otherwise suffer adverse impacts on our business. Internationally, many of the jurisdictions in
which we operate have adopted unique data privacy and cybersecurity legal frameworks with which we must comply. Violations of
applicable data privacy or