substantially modify, or invalidate some or all of the provisions of the IRA. Additionally, our operations
and strategic plans may have to change if certain provisions of the IRA were to be repealed, modified, or invalidated. Furthermore, there
can be no assurance that the IRS will agree with our approach in the event of an audit. Any of the foregoing items could reduce the amount
of ITCs or PTCs available to us and our tax equity partners. In this event, we could be required to adjust the terms of future tax equity
partnerships or seek alternative sources of funding for renewable energy projects, each of which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, and prospects. We expect to claim credits associated with the
manufacture of qualified products. We rely on applicable tax law and guidance to determine the amount of these credits. However, the
Department of the Treasury or IRS may issue additional guidance that may reduce our eligibility for
credits
or may disagree with our
interpretation of the applicable tax law in the event of an audit. Our business could also be adversely affected by the loss or significant
reduction in access to U.S. government technology grants and related funding programs. Beyond incentives policies, new environmental
regulatory actions or significant modifications to existing policies of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), such as the EPA’s
announcement in April 2023 of proposed new air emissions standards for natural gas operators, could increase our operating costs or
impede sales of our products, solutions, and services.
In Europe, we benefit from a number of government-sponsored programs, incentives, and initiatives related to renewable energy. In
December 2020, the EU agreed to reduce net EU greenhouse gas emissions by at least 55% by 2030, compared to 1990 levels. In May
2022, the EU announced the REPowerEU plan which seeks to rapidly reduce the EU’s dependence on fossil fuels by 2027. Furthermore,
the EU introduced the Green Deal Industrial Plan that is expected to further accelerate the expansion of renewable energy and green
technologies including easing state aid rules to enable higher subsidies. A key component of the Green Deal Industrial Plan is the Net Zero
Industry Act to simplify regulations, speed up permits and promote cross-border projects to accelerate climate neutrality. There can be no
assurance that these EU regulations will remain in effect in their present form or at all, and the elimination, reduction, or modification of
these regulations could materially harm our renewable energy programs.
International, national, and state governments and agencies continue to evaluate and promulgate legislation and regulations that are
focused on reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Caps or fees on carbon emissions have been and may continue to be established and the
cost of such caps or fees could disproportionately affect the