to be received over the contract term as well as the costs to complete the
project. In addition, variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in our judgment, it is expected that a significant future
reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. Some of our contracts with customers for the sale of equipment contain
clauses for liquidated damages related to milestones established for on-time delivery or meeting certain product specifications. On an
ongoing basis, we evaluate the probability and magnitude of having to pay liquidated damages. This is factored into our estimate of variable
consideration using the expected value method taking into consideration progress towards meeting contractual milestones, specified
liquidated damages rates, if applicable, and history of paying liquidated damages to the customer or similar customers.
Our
billing terms for these agreements are generally based on achieving specified milestones and include billing adjustments for project
delays and performance guarantees. As a result, a significant estimate in determining expected revenues of a contract is estimating project
execution timelines that may be adjusted due to internal and external supply chain adjustments, overall project execution, and product
performance. We generally use a combination of historical information as well as forward-looking information surrounding project execution
timelines and product performance in developing our revenue estimates. To develop our revenue estimates, we start with the contract price
and then make downward revisions based on historical trends. In addition, we also adjust as we become aware of new information.
2024 FORM 10-K
44
Our estimation of the total costs required to fulfill our promise to a customer is generally based on our history of manufacturing similar
assets for customers. This estimation of cost is critical to our revenue recognition process and is updated routinely to reflect changes in
quantity or cost of the inputs. In certain projects, the underlying technology or promise to the customer is unique to what we have
historically promised, and reliably estimating the total cost to fulfill the promise to the customer requires a significant level of judgment. The
estimation of costs is subject to increased subjectivity when we introduce new products and technologies, and actual costs may differ from
estimates more widely at this stage of development due to lack of historical experience.
We routinely review estimates and regularly revise them to adjust for changes in outlook. These revisions are based on objectively
verifiable information that is available at the time of the review.
Goodwill.
We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually in the fourth quarter of each year using October 1st as the
measurement date. We also test goodwill for impairment when an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not
reduce the fair value of a