could
be less than current estimates.
As of December 31, 2024, our total postretirement benefit plans’ net liabilities for our employees, our
former employees, and certain legacy former employees unrelated to our core business and allocated to us by GE was approximately $1.7
billion.
These net liabilities arise under multiple benefit plans and statutory obligations in various countries. Increases in pension,
healthcare, and life insurance benefits obligations and costs and decreases in rate of return of associated assets can adversely affect our
earnings, cash flows, and financial condition. In addition, there may be upward pressure on the cost of providing healthcare benefits to
current and future retirees and there can be no assurance that the measures we have taken to control increases in these costs will succeed
and this could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, and financial condition. Most of the liabilities arise under
pension plans, including defined benefit pension plans,
and include plans that are fully funded, partly funded, or unfunded.
Our results of operations may be positively or negatively affected by the amount of income or expense we record for our defined benefit
pension plans. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (
GAAP)
requires that we calculate income or expense for the plans using
actuarial valuations, which reflect assumptions about financial markets, interest rates, discount rate, and the expected long-term rate of
return on plan assets. We are also required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and liabilities, which may result in a significant
reduction or increase in equity. The factors that impact our pension calculations are subject to changes in key economic indicators, and
future decreases in the discount rate or low returns on plan assets can increase our funding obligations and adversely impact our financial
results. In addition, although U.S. GAAP expense and pension funding contributions are not directly related, key economic factors that
affect U.S. GAAP expense would also likely affect the amount of cash we would be required to contribute to pension plans under the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (
ERISA)
. Failure to achieve expected returns on plan assets driven by various factors,
including sustained market volatility, could also result in an increase in the amount of cash we would be required to contribute to pension
plans.
The defined benefit obligation is determined by actuarial assumptions such as the rate of compensation increase or pension progression
rate and biometric factors (such as participant mortality), as well as the discount rate applied. The basis for determining the discount rate is
in principle the yield on high-quality corporate bonds. A change of the discount rate and changes of the assessments of market yields used
may result in significant changes to the defined benefit obligation. Differences between actual experience