Postretirement Benefit Plans.
We engage third-party actuaries to assist in the determination of pension obligations and related plan
costs. We develop significant long-term assumptions including discount rates and the expected rate of return on assets in connection with
2024 FORM 10-K
45
our pension accounting. We recognize differences between the expected long-term return on plan assets, the actual return, and net
actuarial gains and losses for the pension plan liabilities annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and whenever a plan is
determined to qualify for a remeasurement within the Consolidated and Combined Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss).
Accounting requirements necessitate the use of assumptions to reflect the uncertainties and the length of time over which the pension
obligations will be paid. The actual amount of future benefit payments will depend upon when participants retire, the amount of their benefit
at retirement, and how long they live. We discount the future payments using a rate that matches the time frame over which the payments
will be made. We also assume a long-term rate of return that will be earned on investments used to fund these payments.
We evaluate these assumptions annually. We periodically evaluate other assumptions, such as compensation, retirement age, mortality,
and turnover, and update them as necessary to reflect our actual experience and expectations for the future.
We determine the discount rate using the weighted-average yields on high-quality fixed-income securities that have maturities consistent
with the timing of benefit payments. Lower discount rates increase the size of the benefit obligations and generally increase pension
expense in the following year; higher discount rates reduce the size of the benefit obligation and generally reduce subsequent-year pension
expense.
The expected return on plan assets is the estimated long-term rate of return that will be earned on the investments used to fund the
pension obligations. To determine this rate, we consider the current and target composition of plan investments, our historical returns
earned, and our expectation about the future.
As of the measurement date of
December 31, 2024
,
net periodic benefit income for 2025 is estimated to be $0.5 billion.
The components of
net periodic benefit costs, other than the service component, are included in Non-operating benefit income in our Consolidated and
Combined Statement of Income (Loss).
Fluctuations in discount rates can significantly impact pension costs and obligations. A 25 basis point decrease in the discount rate would
increase our principal pension plan cost in the following year by less than
$0.1
billion and would also expect an increase in the principal
pension plan projected benefit obligation at year-end by approximately
$0.2
billion. A 50 basis point decrease in the expected return on
assets would increase principal pension plan cost in the following year by approximately
$0.1