to form a new business unit, Power Conversion & Storage.
Historical financial information presented
within this report conforms to the new business unit structure within the Electrification
segment
.
TRENDS AND FACTORS IMPACTING OUR PERFORMANCE
.
We believe our performance and future success depends on a number of
factors that present significant opportunities for us but also pose risks and challenges, including those discussed below.
Our worldwide operations are affected by regional and global factors impacting energy demand, including industry trends like
decarbonization, an increasing demand for r
enewa
ble energy alternatives, and changes in broader economic and geopolitical conditions.
These trends, along with the growing focus on the digitization and sustainability of the electricity infrastructure, drive growth across each of
our business segments
. We believe that our industry-defining technologies and commitment to innovation position us well to capitalize on
these long-term trends:
•
Demand growth for electricity generation
– Significant investment, infrastructure, and supply diversity will be essential to help meet
forecasted energy demand growth arising from population and global economic growth.
•
Decarbonization
– The urgency to combat climate change is fueling technology advancements that improve the economic viability and
efficiency of renewable energy alternatives and facilitate the transition to a more sustainable power sector.
•
Evolving generation mix
– The power industry is shifting from coal generation to more electricity generated from zero- or low-carbon
energy sources, and an evolving balance of generation sources will be necessary to maintain a reliable, resilient and affordable
system.
•
Energy resilience & security
– Threats and challenges from extreme weather events, cyber-attacks, and geopolitical tensions have
increased focus on the strength and resilience of power generation and transmission and reinforced the need for a diversified mix of
energy sources.
•
Grid modernization and investment
– Increased demand and the integration of advanced
generation
and storage solutions drive the
need to update aging infrastructure with new grid integration and automation solutions.
•
Regulatory and policy changes
– Government policies and regulations, such as carbon pricing, renewable energy mandates, and
subsidies for renewable energy technologies, can significantly impact the power generation landscape. Staying ahead of regulatory
changes and adapting to new compliance requirements is crucial for maintaining a competitive advantage.
•
Financial and investment dynamics
– Access to capital and investment trends in the energy sector can influence the development and
deployment of new power generation projects. Understanding market dynamics and securing funding are key to progressing strategic
initiatives.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Summary of Results.
RPO was
$123.4 billion
and
$116.3 billion
as of
March 31, 2025
and
2024
,