strategic alliances that could further our strategic business objectives. We may not successfully identify, assess, or manage the risks
presented by these strategic transactions, including those outlined above. Equity investments and other strategic alliances pose additional
risks, as we could share ownership in both public and private companies and in some cases management responsibilities with one or more
other parties whose objectives for the alliance may diverge from ours over time, who may not have the same priorities, strategies, or
resources as we do, or whose interpretation of applicable policies may differ from our own.
Our business strategy may also include the divestiture of certain assets or operating units in order to enable the redeployment of capital.
We may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or face other limitations such as regulatory, governmental, or contractual requirements that
could delay or prevent the accomplishment of our objectives and adversely affect our business. These limitations include the provisions of
the Separation and Distribution Agreement described under “Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions—Agreements with GE
—Separation and Distribution Agreement—Credit Support” in the Information Statement.
The occurrence of any of the above in connection with any
transaction c
ould have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash
flows, financial condition, or prospects.
There are risks associated with our joint venture arrangements, consortiums, and similar collaborations with third parties for
certain projects, which could impose additional costs and obligations on us.
We have entered and expect to continue to enter into
joint venture arrangements for manufacturing and commercial operations and/or project development and funding. We also enter into
agreements with third parties to act as a consortium to perform projects.
Our joint venture arrangements may expose us to risks, including risks with respect to the economic, political, and regulatory environment
of any foreign entities with which we partner, legal and regulatory violations committed by partners whose actions are outside of our control,
2024 FORM 10-K
18
and risks associated with contractual, governmental or certain exclusivity obligations with partners that may impose operational restrictions
on us. Furthermore, these arrangements may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase expenditures, or disrupt our
ordinary business activities. If joint venture, consortium, or other strategic partners cannot meet their obligations due to financial or other
difficulties, including if they declare bankruptcy or otherwise modify their capital structure, we could be required to provide additional
investment or services or take responsibility for breaches of contracts or assume additional financial or operational obligations which could
have a substantial adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows,