across our
industries. During these periods, certain countries that are heavily dependent on income from oil and gas may curtail investments in capital
intensive oil and gas, power generation and transmission projects due to insufficient funds, which would also lead to less demand for
certain of our products, solutions, and services in our Power segment. Furthermore, persistently high gas prices as well as potential gas
shortages, which may be further exacerbated by the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, pose additional risks in particular for the
market for large gas turbines, including the service market.
Energy intensive technological innovations and efficiencies, such as artificial intelligence, may affect or may be perceived to affect
electricity demand and the related demand for our equipment and services. The nature and extent of this impact on demand is uncertain.
We may be unable to adjust our personnel and functional cost base fast enough to adapt to demand swings, which may result in under-or-
overcapacities. This inefficiency as well as sustained low demand for our products, solutions, and services, particularly in our Power
segment, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, cash flows, and results of operations and could require
us to record asset impairments.
We could be subject to risks in connection with our ability to connect to power grids and our customers’ ability to sell the
electricity they generate or to establish grid connections efficiently.
The connection or access to a power grid is essential when it
comes to generating electricity. Factors beyond our control, such as regulatory constraints, permitting restrictions and delays, or system
failures, could impair our ability to connect our power generation products to the grid. If our customers fail to obtain a connection or access
to the transmission grids on a timely basis, or on economically reasonable terms and, as a result, they are delayed or prevented from
entering into an agreement (whether on a statutory or contractual basis) concerning the purchase of the electrical energy generated, the
timing of orders and/or project milestones could be impacted, and we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, results of
2024 FORM 10-K
15
operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Grid capacity constraints and the limited availability of land to build connection infrastructure
could further exacerbate the risks to our business.
There are statutory rules and regulations which govern the connection of power generation products to the power grid in the markets where
we operate. This helps ensure that grids are safe and stable and that there is sufficient supply of electricity. Moreover, the full transmission
and dispatch output of electricity may be curtailed as a result of various grid constraints, such as grid congestion, restrictions on
transmission capacity of the grid and restrictions on electricity dispatch