or power plants, could
pose broader disruptions and adversely affect our business even if such an attack does not involve our products, solutions, services, or
systems. We have also observed an increase in third-party cyber incidents and ransomware attacks on our suppliers, service providers and
software providers, and our efforts to mitigate adverse effects on us if this trend continues may not be successful in the future. The large
number of suppliers that we work with requires significant effort for the initial and ongoing verification of their implementation of effective
cybersecurity requirements. The increasing degree of interconnectedness and shared liability between us and our partners, suppliers, and
customers also poses a risk to the security of our network as well as the larger ecosystem in which we operate. There can be no assurance
that our various cybersecurity measures - including employee training, monitoring and testing, performing security reviews and requiring
business partners with connections to our network to appropriately secure their IT systems, and maintaining protective systems and
contingency plans - will be sufficient to prevent, detect, and limit the impact of cyber-related attacks, and we remain vulnerable to known or
unknown threats. For example, we outsource certain cybersecurity functions and will continue to look for opportunities to utilize managed
security service providers.
In addition, we collaborate with GE Aerospace on certain cybersecurity functions and will continue to do so
during a transition period following our Spin-Off. These
arrangements will increase our overall cyber risk given the degree of our
interconnectedness with the provider and the potential impact on our outsourced functions that could be caused by an attack on such a
provider.
In addition to existing risks from the integration of digital technologies into our business portfolio, the adoption of new technologies in the
future may also increase our exposure to cybersecurity incidents and failures. An unknown vulnerability or compromise could potentially
impact the security of our software or connected products and lead to the misuse or unintended use of our products, loss of our IP,
misappropriation of sensitive, confidential or personal information, safety risks or unavailability of products.
We also have access to sensitive, confidential or personal information or information in our businesses that is subject to privacy and
security laws, regulations or customer-imposed controls. We have vulnerability to security incidents, theft, misplaced, lost or corrupted data,
programming errors, employee errors or malfeasance (including misappropriation by departing employees) that could potentially lead to the
material compromise of sensitive, confidential or personal information, improper use of our systems, software solutions or networks,
unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of or denial of access to information,