officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business.
•
Employer.
As an employer of full-time, part-time, seasonal, unionized and non-unionized labor, we are required to create
compensation programs, employment policies, and other administrative programs that comply with the laws of multiple countries.
In addition, there are diverse global regulations regarding our independent and third-party contractor workforce. Our operations
are subject to global labor and employment laws, including minimum wage and living wage laws and directives, wage and hour
laws, health and safety laws such as Occupational Safety and Health Administration (
OSHA
), immigration laws, and laws relating
to minimum age child labor,
modern slavery, and forced labor. Federal and local labor laws also govern our interactions with
employee-representative organizations around the world. We also have significant obligations and liabilities with respect to our
postretirement benefit plans, including pension, healthcare, and life insurance benefits obligations, all of which are subject to
applicable laws and regulations.
These laws and regulations are subject to change at any time. We make the necessary adjustments to our processes in order to maintain
compliance with the regulatory environment impacting all aspects of our businesses. Complying with requirements can impose significant
costs, especially in jurisdictions where we do not have a significant physical presence. See Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for further information
regarding risks and costs associated with such compliance.
AVAILABLE INFORMATION.
Our corporate headquarters is located at 58 Charles Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02141, and our
telephone number is
(617) 674-7555
. Our website address is www.gevernova.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, are available, without charge, on our website, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or
furnished to, the SEC. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of, and is not incorporated into,
this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other filings we make with the SEC. Our website at www.gevernova.com/investors contains a
significant amount of information about GE Vernova, including financial and other information for investors. We encourage investors to visit
this website from time to time, as information is updated, and new information is posted.
IT
EM 1
A. R
ISK FACT
ORS
.
SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS
An investment in our company is subject to a number of risks. These risks relate to our business and strategy, industry dynamics, laws and
regulations, the Spin-Off, our common stock, and the securities market. Any of these risks and other risks as more fully described below
under this Item 1A. "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this Annual