commercializing new products, solutions, and services. The commercial success of new technologies, such as
hydrogen-based power generation, carbon capture and sequestration technologies, small modular or other advanced nuclear power and
grid-scale batteries or other storage solutions, depends on many factors, including the pace of innovation, the development costs and the
availability of capital resources to fund those costs, the levels of competition from others developing similar or other competing
technologies, our ability to obtain or maintain government permits or certifications, the effectiveness of our production, distribution, and
marketing efforts, the availability of raw materials and components, and the costs to customers to deploy and provide support for the new
technologies. Also, overall market demand, growth, and acceptance of our new innovations remain key to their success, as well as the
timing of when we bring these offerings to market. If and to the extent these predictions are proved wrong, our investments in new
products, solutions, and services may not achieve revenue or profits at all or the recovery of investments may be over an extended period.
Unsuccessful efforts to develop and adapt our products, solutions, and services could ultimately result in lower revenue, lower margins,
and/or higher costs, which could harm our competitive position and adversely impact our financial performance.
We face a complex global operating environment, particularly in emerging markets.
Due to our global nature, we deal with a range of
legal and regulatory systems with varying requirements. Due to the nature of our projects and products, we face risks associated with
engagements with foreign officials and government agencies, including the risks of complying with diverse procedures and standards
imposed by (among others) the FCPA and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions. We also face risks associated
with compliance with global privacy and data security laws and regulations. Navigating a variety of legal and regulatory regimes may
increase the difficulty of compliance, particularly as such laws change or are interpreted in unexpected ways. In addition, as an employer of
permanent and fixed-term contract employees and contractors, we are required to create compensation programs, employment policies
and other administrative programs that comply with the laws of multiple countries. We also must communicate, monitor, and uphold group-
wide standards and directives across our global network, including in relation to our suppliers, subcontractors, and other relevant
stakeholders. Our failure to manage our geographically diverse operations successfully could impair our ability to react quickly to changing
business and market conditions and to enforce compliance with group-wide standards and procedures.
Risks Relating to Government Regulations and Legal Matters
Policies may alter the demand mix for our products in