respectively.
The decrease in costs for the quarter was
attributable to cost reduction initiatives and the sale of a portion of Steam Power nuclear activities to EDF, partially offset by labor inflation
and higher corporate costs.
Restructuring Charges and Separation Costs.
We continuously evaluate our cost structure and are implementing several restructuring
and process transformation actions considered necessary to simplify our organizational structure. In addition, in connection with the Spin-
Off, we incurred and will continue to incur certain one-time separation costs. See Note
21
in the Notes to the consolidated and combined
financial statements for further information.
Interest and Other Financial Income (Charges) – Net
.
Interest and other financial income (charges) – net was
$0.1 billion
in income and
less than
$0.1 billion
in charges for the
three months ended
March 31, 2025
and
2024
,
respectively.
The income in 2025 was primarily
driven by a higher average balance of invested funds during the
three months ended
March 31, 2025
. The primary components of net
interest and other financial income (charges) are fees on cash management activities, interest on borrowings, and interest earned on cash
balances and short-term investments.
Income Taxes.
We recorded income tax expense on pre-tax income with an effective tax rate of
20.5%
for the
three months ended
March
31, 2025
. The effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. statutory rate of
21%
primarily due to an income tax benefit from stock-based
compensation,
mostly offset by losses providing no tax benefit in certain jurisdictions.
*Non-GAAP Financial Measure
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
26
We recorded an income tax expense on a pre-tax loss in the
three months ended
March 31, 2024
due to taxes in profitable jurisdictions
and losses providing no tax benefit in other jurisdictions.
We regularly assess the realizability of our deferred tax assets based on all available evidence both positive and negative. Based on our
assessment of the realizability of our deferred tax assets as of
March 31, 2025
, we continue to maintain valuation allowances against
our deferred tax assets in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions, primarily due to cumulative losses in those jurisdictions. Given the
current year profit and anticipated future profitability in the U.S., it is reasonably possible that the continued improvement in our U.S.
operations could result in the positive evidence necessary to warrant the release of a significant portion of our U.S. valuation allowance as
early as the second half of 2025. A release of the valuation allowance would result in the recognition of certain U.S. deferred tax assets and
a corresponding benefit in our provision for income taxes in the period the release occurs. See Note
14
in the Notes to the consolidated
and combined financial statements for further information.
CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY
.
Historically, we participated in cash pooling and other financing