apply to a broad range of activities across our whole product lifecycle and our entire global organization, including those
related to:
•
protection of the environment and use of natural resources;
•
occupational health and safety;
•
the use, management, release, storage, transportation, r
emediation, and
disposal of, and exposure to, hazardous substances and
waste;
•
our products, including the use of certain chemicals in our products and production processes;
•
emissions to air and water; and
•
climate change and greenhouse gas emissions.
EHS laws vary by jurisdiction and have become increasingly stringent over time. These requirements impose certain responsibilities on our
business, including the obligation to install pollution control technologies and obtain and maintain various environmental permits, the cost of
which may be substantial. Satisfying such local EHS requirements is often a minimum requirement for us, and we commit extensive
resources to maintaining our compliance with these requirements. For example, by applying our enterprise standards and core
requirements everywhere (except where local regulations are more stringent), we often go beyond local compliance requirements,
especially where local standards are weak or lacking. Safety is incorporated into our
lean
operating method and we prioritize safeguarding
our employees and contractors. We also enhance our internal enterprise standards and core requirements regularly through a culture of
continuous improvement and documenting opportunities to improve through internal and external audits.
Our EHS management system includes measures to verify that we are monitoring adherence to GE Vernova EHS standards and regulatory
requirements through audits and inspections. Operations are assessed on a regular basis as part of our management of change
(MOC)
process to mitigate safety risks. EHS operational reviews at both the business and GE Vernova level address progress on program
execution as well as strategy discussions related to emerging EHS risks.
REGULATION
.
We are a manufacturer and servicer of energy products, a participant in the energy supply chain, a large publicly traded
U.S. corporation that operates globally, a government contractor, and an employer of a large global workforce. As such, our businesses and
operations are affected by global laws, regulations, and standards that impact each of these capacities.
•
Manufacturer and Servicer.
Our production cycle and products are subject to global regulations, such as permitting, quality
controls, environmental and eco-design regulations, health and safety regulations, export control laws, product specifications,
market-related policies, and distribution regulations in countries in which our products are manufactured or sold. We maintain
processes and procedures that comply with such applicable global laws and regulations as they pertain to the various stages of
2024 FORM 10-K
9
our production life cycle, including the development