GE will each agree to indemnify each other against any
amounts for which such indemnified party is not responsible.
•
Certain other agreements related to employee matters, trademark license, intellectual property, real estate matters, and framework
investments.
Unless the context otherwise requires, references to the Company, GE Vernova, our, we, and us, refer to (i) GE’s renewable energy, power,
and digital businesses prior to the Spin-Off and (ii) GE Vernova Inc. and its subsidiaries following the Spin-Off.
GE Vernova is a global leader in the electric power industry, with products and services that generate, transfer, orchestrate, convert, and
store electricity. We design, manufacture, deliver, and service technologies to create a more reliable and sustainable electric power system,
enabling electrification and decarbonization, underpinning the progress and prosperity of the communities we serve. We report our financial
results across
three
business segments:
•
Our Power segment includes design, manufacture, and servicing of gas, nuclear, hydro, and steam technologies, providing a
critical foundation of dispatchable, flexible, stable, and reliable power.
•
Our Wind segment includes our wind generation technologies, inclusive of onshore and offshore wind turbines and blades.
•
Our Electrification segment includes grid solutions, power conversion, electrification software, and solar and storage solutions
technologies required for the transmission, distribution, conversion, storage, and orchestration of electricity from point of
generation to point of consumption.
Basis of
Presentation
.
For periods prior to the Spin-Off, the combined financial statements have been derived from the consolidated
financial statements and accounting records of GE, including the historical cost basis of assets and liabilities comprising the Company, as
well as the historical revenues, direct costs, and allocations of indirect costs attributable to the operations of the Company, using the
historical accounting policies applied by GE. These combined financial statements do not purport to reflect what the results of operations,
comprehensive income, financial position, or cash flows would have been had the Company operated as a separate, stand-alone entity
during the periods prior to the Spin-Off
.
The consolidated and combined financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(U.S. GAAP) and present the historical results of operations, comprehensive income and losses, and cash flows for the years ended
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 and the financial position as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. We have reclassified certain prior-year
amounts to conform to the current-year's presentation. The information in tables throughout the footnotes is presented in millions of U.S.
dollars unless otherwise stated. Certain columns and rows may not add due to the use of rounded numbers. Percentages presented are
calculated