from the underlying numbers in millions.
All intercompany balances and transactions within the Company have been eliminated in the consolidated and combined financial
statements. As described in Note
24
, transactions between the Company and GE have been included in these consolidated and combined
financial statements. Certain financing transactions with GE are deemed to have been settled immediately through Net parent investment in
the Consolidated and Combined Statement of Financial Position and are accounted for as a financing activity in the Consolidated and
Combined Statement of Cash Flows as Transfers from (to) Parent.
For periods prior to the Spin-Off, the Consolidated and Combined Statement of Financial Position reflects all of the assets and liabilities of
GE that are specifically identifiable as being directly attributable to the Company, including Net parent investment as a component of equity.
Net parent investment represents GE’s historical investment in the Company and includes accumulated net income and losses attributable
to the Company, and the net effect of transactions with GE and its
subsidiaries
.
2024 FORM 10-K
57
For periods prior to the Spin-Off, GE used a centralized approach to cash management and financing of its operations. These
arrangements may not be reflective of the way the Company would have financed its operations had it been a separate, stand-alone entity
during the periods prior to the Spin-Off. The GE centralized cash management arrangements are excluded from the asset and liability
balances in the Consolidated and Combined Statement of Financial Position for periods prior to the Spin-Off. These amounts have instead
been included in Net parent investment as a component of equity. GE’s third-party debt and, unless specifically attributable, the related
interest expense, has not been attributed to the Company because the Company is not the legal obligor of the debt and the borrowings are
not specifically identifiable to the Company. See Note
24
for further information.
For periods prior to the Spin-Off, the Consolidated and Combined Statement of Income (Loss) includes expense allocations for certain
corporate, infrastructure, and shared services expenses provided by GE on a centralized basis (GE Corporate Costs), including, but not
limited to, finance, supply chain, human resources, IT, insurance, employee benefits, and other expenses that are either specifically
identifiable or clearly applicable to the Company. These expenses have been allocated to the Company on the basis of direct usage when
identifiable, with the remainder allocated on a pro rata basis using an applicable measure of headcount, revenue, or other allocation
methodologies that are considered to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided or the benefit received by GE
Vernova during the periods prior to the Spin-Off. However, the GE Corporate Costs allocations may not be indicative of the actual expense
that would have