our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2024.
ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCE
DURE
S
.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company evaluated its disclosure controls and procedures as defined
in Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Exchange Act.
Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31,
2025
, and that the information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
.
During the
quarter
ended March 31, 2025, the Company continued to exit from
various transition service agreements with GE Aerospace primarily related to h
uman resources
(including payroll and benefit plan
administration) and associated information technology systems. Consequently, responsibility for execution and related internal controls
transferred to the Company, including certain general information technology controls in connection with information technology
environment changes.
Other than those discussed in the preceding sentences, no change in the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting occurred during the three months ended March 31, 2025, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
*Non-GAAP Financial Measure
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
31
PART II
ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
.
We are reporting the following m
atter
in compliance with SEC requirements to disclose
administrative proceedings arising under laws that regulate the discharge of materials into the environment where a governmental authority
is a party and that involve potential monetary sanctions of $300,000 or greater. In March 2024, one of our Australian subsidiaries received
notice from the Australian Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water (DCCEEW) of its intention to issue
infringement notices imposing administrative fines on the subsidiary for importing equipment containing SF6 gas without an equipment
license, as required by local law related to synthetic greenhouse gas management and seek a court order to impose civil penalties for
delinquent reporting under such law. The applicable local law regulates the import to Australia of synthetic greenhouse gases in equipment,
including certain of our switchgear products, and our subsidiary had neglected