financial measures follow.
We believe the organic measures presented below provide management and investors with a more complete understanding of underlying
operating results and trends of established, ongoing operations by excluding the effect of acquisitions, dispositions, and foreign currency,
which includes translational and transactional impacts, as these activities can obscure underlying trends.
(a) Includes intersegment sales
of
$483 million
and
$414 million
for the
years ended
December 31, 2024
and
2023
, respectively. See Note
25
in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial state
ments for further information.
We believe that Adjusted EBITDA* and Adjusted EBITDA margin*, which are adjusted to exclude the effects of unique and/or non-cash
items that are not closely associated with ongoing operations, provide management and investors with meaningful measures of our
performance that increase the period-to-period comparability by highlighting the results from ongoing operations and the underlying
profitability factors. We believe Adjusted organic EBITDA* and Adjusted organic EBITDA margin* provide management and investors with,
when considered with Adjusted EBITDA* and Adjusted EBITDA margin*, a more complete understanding of underlying operating results
and trends of established, ongoing operations by further excluding the effect of acquisitions, dispositions, and foreign currency, which
includes translational and transactional impacts, as these activities can obscure underlying trends. We believe these measures provide
additional insight into how our businesses are performing on a normalized basis. However, Adjusted EBITDA*, Adjusted organic EBITDA*,
*Non-GAAP Financial Measure
2024 FORM 10-K
47
Adjusted EBITDA margin* and Adjusted organic EBITDA margin* should not be construed as inferring that our future results will be
unaffected by the items for which the measures adjust.
See “
—
Capital Resources and Liquidity” for discussion of free cash flow*.
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.
We are exposed to market risk
primarily from the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and commodity prices. These exposures are
managed and mitigated with the use of financial instruments, including derivatives contracts. We apply policies to manage these risks,
including prohibitions on speculative activities.
Foreign Exchange Risk.
As a result of our global operations, we generate and incur a significant portion of our revenues and expenses in
currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Such principal currencies include the euro and British pound sterling. We are also exposed to the risk
of changes in foreign exchange rates due to our net investment in foreign operations. The effects from the foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations on the translation of net amounts to the U.S. dollar, the reporting currency, are reflected in our equity position. See Note
2
in the
Notes to the