closely with suppliers, and adjusted product and service
pricing in line with market demand, inflation, and industry dynamics.
We continue to invest in new product development. In Nuclear Power, we have an agreement
with a customer
for the deployment of small
modular nuclear reactor (SMR) technology, making it the first commercial contract of its kind in North America. SMRs have the potential to
reduce nuclear power plant costs and cycle times through their standardized and modularized design. In Gas Power, we are committed to
long-term investments to meet our
growing demand from our customers
by enhancing production capacity at existing factories to address
the increasing need for both equipment and services. We continue to invest in technologies and decarbonization pathways to deliver lower
carbon-emitting and more reliable power. In the fourth quarter, we secured an agreement in the United Kingdom for one of the world's first
commercial-scale gas-fired power stations with carbon capture, aiming to capture up to 2 million tons of CO
2
annually and contributing to
the United Kingdom's net-zero goals. We are committed to advancing decarbonization technologies that we believe will provide our
customers with options for more r
enewable
and more dependable energy.
2024 FORM 10-K
6
Wind.
Our Wind segment includes our wind generation technologies, inclusive of onshore and offshore wind turbines and blades. In our
Wind segment,
we engineer, manufacture, and commercialize wind turbines,
an important technology playing a role in the energy transition
as we seek to decarbonize the
world's energy sector
.
Onshore Wind -
delivers wind turbines, technology, and services for the onshore wind power industry by focusing on work-horse products in
select geographies, while continuing to innovate the technology to create wind turbines suitable for various markets and environmental
conditions. Our workhorse products include our
2.8-127m, 3.6-154m, and 6.1-158m onshore units.
Wind services assist customers in
improving cost, capacity, and performance of their assets over the lifetime of their fleets, utilizing digital infrastructure to monitor,
predict,
and
optimize wind farm energy performance.
Offshore Wind
- provides offshore wind power technologies and wind farm development for the offshore wind power sector
.
Our workhorse
product in the offshore market is our Haliade-X 220m offshore
unit
.
LM Wind Power
- designs, produces, and tests wind
turbine blades.
As we focus on providing carbon-free electricity reliably and at scale, we have simplified our segment management structure and portfolio
of product offerings, focusing on fewer and more reliable workhorse products. Our w
orkhorse products account for approximately
70%
of
our equipment RPO at
December 31, 2024
. Included in our RPO are services agreements on approximately
23,000
of our onshore wind
turbines, from an installed base of approximately
57,000
units.
At Onshore Wind, we are focused on improving our