implementations,
advisory fees, one-time stock option grant, and other one-time costs, which are primarily recorded in Selling, general, and administrative
costs.
NOTE
22
.
SEGMENT INFO
RMATION
.
Operating segments include components of an enterprise about which separate financial
information is available that is evaluated regularly by the Company’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) for the purpose of assessing
performance and allocating resources. The Company’s CODM is its Chief Exec
utive Officer (CEO). Our operating activities are managed
through
three
segments: Power, Wind, and Electrification. These segments have been identified based on the nature of the products and
services sold and how the Company manages its operations.
The performance of these segments is principally measured based on revenues and segment EBITDA. Segment EBITDA is determined
based on the performance measures used by our CEO to assess the performance of each business in a given period. In connection with
that assessment, the CEO may exclude matters, such as charges for impairments, significant higher-cost restructuring programs,
manufacturing footprint rationalization and other similar expenses, acquisition costs and other related charges, certain gains and losses
from acquisitions or
dispositions,
and certain other non-operational items.
Consistent accounting policies have been applied by all segments for all reporting periods. See Note
1
for a
description of our reportable
segments.
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
20
(a) The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly provided to the CODM.
Intersegment expenses are included within the amounts shown.
(b) Excludes depreciation and amortization expenses.
(c) Primarily includes equity method investment income and other interest and investment income.
(a) Includes interest expense (income) of
zero
and
$
10
million
and benefit (provision) for income taxes of
$(
2
) million
and
$
54
million
f
or the
three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, related to our Financial Services business which, because of the nature of
its investments, is measured on an after-tax basis.
(b) Costs incurred in the Spin-Off and separation from GE, including system implementations, advisory fees, one-time stock option grant,
and other one-time costs.
(c) Excludes depreciation and amortization expense related to Restructuring and other charges. Includes amortization of basis differences
included in Equity method investment income (loss) which is part of Other income (expense) - net.
(d) Consists of interest and other financial charges, net of interest income, other than financial interest related to our normal business
operations primarily with customers.
(a)
We classify deferred tax assets as "Other" for purposes of this disclosure.
2025 1Q FORM 10-Q
21
ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS
.
The following discussion and analysis of