accounting policies and note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) have been condensed or omitted. These unaudited consolidated and combined financial
statements reflect, in the opinion of management, all material adjustments (which include only normally recurring adjustments) necessary to
fairly state, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented. These unaudited
consolidated and combined financial statements should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated and combined financial
statements, corresponding notes, and significant accounting policies in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2024. We have reclassified certain prior year amounts to conform to the current year’s presentation. The information
presented in tables throughout the notes is presented in millions of U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated. Certain columns and rows may not
add due to the use of rounded numbers. Percentages presented are calculated from the underlying numbers in millions.
All intercompany balance
s and transactions within the Company have been eliminated in the consolidated and combined financial
statements. Transactions between the Company and GE have been included in these consolidated and combined financial
statements
.
Certain financing transactions with GE are deemed to have been settled immediately through Net parent investment in the Consolidated
and Combined Statement of Financial Position and are accounted for as a financing activity in the Consolidated and
Combined Statement
of Cash Flows
as Transfers from (to) Parent.
Within th
e caption Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and equipment project payables
in our Consolidated and Combined Statement of Cash Flows, the increase (decrease)
in
due to related parties, which primarily included
transactions with GE, in the three months ended March 31, 2024, was
$(
365
) million
.
For periods prior to the Spin-Off, the Consolidated and Combined Statement of Financial Position reflects all of the assets and liabilities of
GE that are specifically identifiable as being directly attributable to the Company, including Net parent investment as a component of equity.
Net parent investment represents GE’s historical investment in the Company and includes accumulated net income and losses attributable
to the Company, and the net effect of transactions with GE and its
subsidiaries
.
NOTE
2
.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Estimates and Assumptions
.
The preparation of the consolidated and combined financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP
requires management to make estimates based on assumptions about current, and for some estimates, future, economic and market
conditions which affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the consolidated and combined financial statements. We