The Trade Finance Facility has not been and is not expected to be
utilized
,
and
does not contribute to direct liquidity. We believe
that our financing arrangements, future cash from operations, and access to capital markets will provide adequate resources to fund our
future cash flow needs. For more information about the Credit Facilities, refer to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April
2, 2024, and see Note 20 in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements.
Credit Ratings and Conditions.
We have access to the Revolving Credit Facility to fund operations, and we may rely on debt capital
markets in the future to further su
pport our liquidity needs.
The
cost and availability of any debt financing is influenced by our credit ratings
and market conditions.
Standard and Poor's Global Ratings (S&P
) and Fitch Ratings (Fitch) have issued credit ratings for the Company. On
March 12, 2025, Fitch affirmed GE Vernova Inc.'s l
ong-t
erm credit rating and revised its outlook to Positive from Stable. On April 9, 2025,
S&P issued an annual tear sheet with no change to GE Vernova Inc.'s long-term credit rating or outlook. Our credit ratings as of the date of
this filing are set forth in the following table.
We are disclosing our credit ratings to enhance understanding of our sources of liquidity and the effects of our ratings on our costs of funds
and access to credit. Our ratings may be subject to a revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each
rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. See Item 1A. "Risk Factors
—
Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry
—
Risks Relating to Operations and Supply Chain" and Item 1A. "Risk Factors
—
Risks Relating to Financial, Accounting, and Tax Matters"
in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024,
for a description of some of the potential consequences of a
reduction in our credit ratings.
If we are unable to maintain investment grade ratings, we could face significant challenges in being awarded new contracts, substantially
increasing financing and hedging costs, and refinancing risks as well as substantially decreasing the availability of credit. As of
March 31,
2025
, we
estimated an
insignificant
liquidity impact of a ratings downgrade below investment grade.
Parent Co
mpany C
redit Support.
Prior t
o the Spin-Off, to support GE Vernova businesses in selling products and services globally, GE
often entered into contracts on behalf of GE Vernova or issued parent company guarantees or trade finance instruments supporting the
performance of its subsidiary legal entities transacting directly with customers, in addition to providing similar credit support for non-
customer related activities of GE Vernova (collectively, the GE credit support). In connection with the Spin-Off, we are working to seek
novation or assignment of GE credit support, the majority of which relates to parent company