responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The
Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our
audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to
the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit
matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical
audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Sales of services - Revenue recognition on certain Power long-term service agreements - Refer to Note
s
2
and
9
t
o the financial
statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Company enters into long-term service agreements with customers within its Power segment. These agreements require the Company
to provide preventative and routine maintenance services, outage services, and stand-by “warranty-type” services, which generally range
from 5 to 25 years. Revenue for these agreements is recognized using the percentage of completion method,