been incurred had the Company operated as an independent, stand-alone public entity. See Note
24
for further
information.
NOTE
2
.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Estimates and Assumptions.
The preparation of the consolidated and combined financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP
requires management to make estimates based on assumptions about current, and for some estimates, future, economic and market
conditions which affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the consolidated and combined financial statements. We believe these
assumptions to be reasonable under the circumstances and although our current estimates contemplate current and expected future
conditions, as applicable, it is reasonably possible that actual conditions could differ from our expectations, which could materially affect our
results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
Estimates are used for, but are not limited to, determining revenue from contracts with customers, recoverability of inventory, long-lived
assets and investments, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, useful lives used in depreciation and amortization, income taxes and
related valuation allowances, accruals for contingencies including legal, product warranties and environmental, asset retirement obligations,
actuarial assumptions used to determine costs of pension and postretirement benefits, valuation and recoverability of receivables, valuation
of derivatives, and valuation of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and contingent consideration as a result of acquisitions.
Revenues from the Sale of Equipment.
Sales of equipment include the sales of gas turbines, wind turbines and repower units, and other
power generation equipment related to
energy
production as well as substation solutions, high-voltage direct current (HVDC) solutions,
transformers, and switchgears for the transmission and distribution of electricity.
Performance Obligations Satisfied Over Time.
We recognize revenue on agreements for the sale of customized goods including power
generation equipment and long-term construction contracts on an over-time basis as we customize the customer’s equipment during the
manufacturing or integration process and obtain right to payment for work performed.
We recognize revenue as we perform under the arrangements using the percentage of completion method, which is based on our costs
incurred to date relative to our estimate of total expected costs and the transaction price to which we expect to be entitled. V
ariable
consideration is included in the transaction price if, in our judgment, it is expected that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue
under the contract will not occur.
Some of our contracts with customers for the sale of equipment contain clauses for the payment of
liquidated damages related to milestones established for on-time delivery or meeting certain performance specifications. On an ongoing
basis, we evaluate the probability and