government or third-party approvals that we did not receive prior to
the Spin-Off. Such approvals included, but are not limited to, approvals to merge or separate, to form new legal entities (including obtaining
required registrations and/or licenses or permits), and to transfer assets and/or liabilities. Although most material transfers occurred without
delays beyond the Distribution Date, we cannot offer any assurance that such transfers will ultimately occur or not be delayed for an
extended period of time. Under the Separation and Distribution Agreement, the economic consequences of owning such assets and/or
entities are, to the extent reasonably possible and permitted by applicable law, provided to us. In the event such transfers do not ultimately
occur or are significantly delayed because we do not receive the required approvals, we may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our
separation from GE and we may be dependent on GE for transition services for a longer period of time than would otherwise be the case.
Transfer or assignment to us of some contracts, joint ventures, and other assets required the consent of a third party. If such
consent is not given or if its requirement is used to obtain more favorable contractual terms, we may not be entitled to some or
all of the benefit of such contracts, joint ventures, investments, and other assets in the future.
Transfer or assignment of some of
the contracts, joint ventures, and other assets in connection with the Spin-Off and change of control in the ownership structure following the
Spin-Off required the consent of a third party to the transfer or assignment. Similarly, in some circumstances, we are joint beneficiaries of
contracts, and we need to enter into a new agreement with the third party to replicate the existing contract or assign the portion of the
existing contract related to our business. While we endeavored to cause these contract and joint ventures transfers, assignments,
consents, and new agreements to be obtained prior to the Spin-Off, we were not able to obtain all required consents, or enter into all such
agreements, as applicable. Some parties may use the requirement of a consent to seek more favorable contractual terms from us, which
could require us to accept a lower economic benefit from the contract or joint venture, or include our having to obtain letters of credit or
other forms of credit support. If we are unable to obtain such consents or such credit support on commercially reasonable and satisfactory
terms, we may be unable to obtain some of the benefits, assets, and contractual commitments that are intended to be allocated to us as
part of the Spin-Off. In addition, where we do not intend to seek consent from third-party counterparties based on our understanding that no
consent is required, the third-party counterparties may challenge the transaction on the basis that the terms of the applicable commercial
arrangements require their consent. We may incur