as a larger share of
total power generation over a long horizon. If future developments or innovations in the wind power industry are less successful than those
of other energy sources, there may be a negative impact on the future prospects of the wind power industry, which, in turn, could materially
and adversely affect the demand for our products, solutions, services, and platforms.
The generation of wind power depends on wind conditions and patterns, which are inherently uncertain and difficult to predict or anticipate.
Sales of our wind turbines and the provision of related technical services are subject to seasonal variations since the delivery and
installation of our wind turbines depend on the construction cycles of wind farm projects by our customers. The installation and
maintenance of offshore wind turbines can be particularly impacted by weather-related scheduling delays due to their complex
infrastructure, higher wind speeds, and the challenges of accessing offshore sites. Adverse events relating to our wind business operations
during peak demand periods can create unpredictability in activity and utilization rates and affect demand for our support services.
Furthermore, wind turbine specifications must be suitable for the wind conditions expected at a particular site. Therefore, unavailability of
locations that are suitable for the wind turbines we offer would have a negative impact on our sales and thus materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
2024 FORM 10-K
16
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic and Geopolitical Conditions
Our business is exposed to risks associated with the volatile global economic environment and geopolitical conditions.
Adverse
changes in economic or geopolitical conditions, particularly in locations where our customers, suppliers, or operations are located, as well
as concerns about a range of other external factors including global trade and global supply chain, developments in energy prices, inflation,
interest rates, changes in government monetary or fiscal policies, import or export restrictions, tariffs, labor market challenges,
currenc
y
exchange rate volatility, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition and
may adversely impact the demand for our products, solutions, and services. Rising inflation and interest rates may increase our cost of
capital and could reduce the number of customers who purchase our products, solutions, and services as credit becomes more expensive
or less available. The consequences of geopolitical conflicts, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the conflicts in the
Middle East, and possible conflicts that could emerge in other geopolitically sensitive areas, such as the Taiwan Strait and broader Asia
Pacific region, which have resulted in sanctions and other measures imposed by the EU, the U.S., and other countries in response, have