Vernova’s CISO reports to GE Vernova’s Chief Information Officer and leads our overall cybersecurity function
.
The CISO has over 20
years of experience in managing and leading IT or cybersecurity teams and participates in various cyber security organizations.
The CISO
collaborates with business unit CISOs to identify and analyze cybersecurity risks to GE Vernova; consider industry trends; implement
controls, as appropriate and feasible, to mitigate these risks; and enable business leaders to make risk-based business decisions that
implicate cybersecurity considerations.
The CISO meets with senior leadership
to review and discuss GE Vernova’s cybersecurity program,
including emerging cyber risks, threats, and industry trends. The CISO also supervises efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate
cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, including by collaborating with internal security personnel and business
stakeholders, and incorporating threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public, or private sources to inform
our cybersecurity technologies and processes.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
GE Vernova is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts and occupies approximately 600 sites in 465 cities
and 95 countries. Approximately 85% of the sites are leased and 15% are owned. GE Vernova periodically reviews the portfolio of facilities
for opportunities to optimize and best align our footprint needs.
Within this portfolio of properties, GE Vernova's subsidiaries operate 91 manufacturing sites, 18 of which are located in the U.S. and 73 are
located internationally. The manufacturing facilities are used by GE Vernova's segments as follows:
2024 FORM 10-K
33
The locations of GE Vernova's manufacturing locations by geographic region are as follows:
In addition to the manufacturing facilities described above, GE Vernova maintains many offices, warehouses, and distribution facilities
globally.
Many of our facilities serve several of our businesses and may be used for multiple purposes, such as for administration, sales, research,
laboratory matters, manufacturing, and service operations. We consider our facilities suitable and adequate for their respective purposes
and do not anticipate difficulty in renewing existing leases as they expire or finding alternative facilities if necessary.
ITEM 3. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS
.
We are reporting the following matter in compliance with SEC requirements to disclose
administrative proceedings arising under laws that regulate the discharge of materials into the environment where a governmental authority
is a party and that involve potential monetary sanctions of $
300,00
0 or greater. In March 2024, one of our Australian subsidiaries received
notice from the Australian Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water (DCCEEW) of its intention to issue
infringement notices imposing administrative fines on the subsidiary for importing equipment containing SF6 gas without