Attracting and developing talent with the variety of skills to innovate and grow our business; fostering an inclusive culture.
We trace our beginnings to the
Edison General Electric Company, a manufacturer of electric lighting fixtures, sockets, and other electric
lighting devices. We carry forward that legacy today as a developer, manufacturer, and service provider of power generating and
decarbonizing solutions. GE Vernova’s portfolio also includes Advanced Research with hundreds of technologists and cross-discipline
experts focused on enabling ground-breaking innovations destined to shape the energy transition.
Our footprint is tr
uly global with ap
proximately 24,000 employees in Europe, 19,000 employees in the U.S., 18,000 employees in Asia, and
7,000 employees in Latin America. GE Vernova’s relationship with employee-representative organizations around the world takes many
forms.
•
Within the U.S., we have approximately 1,300 union-represented production and maintenance employees who are covered by a
four-year collective bargaining agreement that was ratified for a two-year extension in 2023 and expires in June of 2025.
•
In Europe, we engage with approximately 100 representative organizations such as works councils and trade unions, in
accordance with local law. Social dialogue, including information, consultation, and negotiation, is a key component of doing
business in Europe and a driver of sustainable business growth for us in the region.
•
In addition to the U.S. and Europe, we also engage with employee representative bodies in China (2,200 employees), India (2,000
employees), Canada (700 employees), Brazil (600 employees), and Mexico (150 employees).
We strive to build and maintain productive relationships with all trade unions and employee-representative organizations with which we
engage. More broadly, our relationship
with every employee
, regardless of functional discipline, geography or representation status, is a
priority. The purpose, passion, and expertise our employees embody every day is fundamental to providing essential electricity around the
world and for the future of our environment. It is our mission to inspire, engage, and develop our employees to their fullest potential.
ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH, AND SAFETY MATTERS.
GE Vernova is committed to providing and promoting a safe and healthy
working environmen
t, using natural resources and energy in a sustainable way,
and avoiding an adverse impact to employees and
contractors, our customers, the
environment, and
the communities where we do business. We support our customers by maintaining the
highest standards in safeguarding our employees, our contracting partners, and the environment.
In addition to our own internal e
nterprise standards and core requirements
on various
EHS
topics, we are subject to international, national,
state, and local EHS laws, regulations, and industry and customer standards, including EHS licensing and authorization requirements.
These EHS laws