(e.g., per hour of usage) and
upon the occurrence of a major maintenance event within the contract, such as an outage. The differences between the timing of our
revenue recognized (based on costs incurred) and customer billings (based on contractual terms) result in changes to our contract asset or
contract liability positions. See Note
9
for further information.
We also enter into long-term service agreements, which we refer to as
flexible
service agreements, in our Wind segment. Revenues are
recognized for these arrangements on a straight-line basis consistent with the nature, timing and extent of our services, which primarily
relate to routine maintenance and as needed equipment repairs. We generally invoice periodically as services are provided.
Performance Obligations Satisfied at a Point in Time.
We sell certain tangible products, largely spare parts, through our services
businesses. We recognize revenues and bill our customers at the point in time that the customer obtains control of the good, which is at the
point in time we deliver the spare part to the customer
.
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
.
Short-term investments and money market instruments with original maturities of three
months or less are included in Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash. Restricted cash primarily relates to funds restricted in
connection with contractual and legal restrictions
and amounted to
$
438
million
and
$
50
million
as of December 31, 2024 and 2023,
respectiv
ely. See Note
22
for further information.
Customer Receivables.
Amounts due from customers arising from the sales of equipment and services are recorded at the outstanding
amount, less allowance for losses. We regularly monitor the recoverability of our receivables.
See Note
4
for further information.
Allowance for Credit Losses.
When we record customer receivables, contract assets, and financing receivables, as well as financial
guarantees and certain commitments, we record an allowance for credit losses for the current expected credit losses inherent in the asset
over its expected life. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account deducted from the amortized cost basis of the assets to
present the assets’ net carrying value at the amount expected to be collected. In each period, the allowance for credit losses is adjusted
through earnings to reflect expected credit losses over the remaining lives of the assets.
We estimate expected credit losses based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions,
and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. When measuring expected credit losses, we
pool assets with similar country risk and credit risk characteristics. Changes in the relevant information may significantly affect the
estimates of expected credit losses.
Inventories
.
All inventories are stated at lower of cost or realizable values. Cost of inventories is primarily