retirement obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets as a liability in the period in which the
obligation is
incurred
and its fair value can be reasonably estimated. These obligations primarily represent legal obligations to return leased
premises to their initial state or dismantle and repair specific alterations for certain leased sites. The liability is measured at the present
value of the obligation when incurred and is adjusted in subsequent periods. Corresponding asset retirement costs are capitalized as part
of the carrying value of the related long-lived assets and depreciated over the asset’s useful life. See Note
22
i
n the Notes to the
consolidated and combined financial statements
for further information.
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
.
The non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are
supplemental measures of our performance and our liquidity that we believe help investors understand our financial condition and operating
results and assess our future prospects. We believe that presenting these non-GAAP financial measures, in addition to the corresponding
U.S. GAAP financial measures, are important supplemental measures that exclude non-cash or other items that may not be indicative of or
are unrelated to our core operating results and the overall health of the Company. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures
provide investors greater transparency to the information used by management for its operational decision-making and allow investors to
see our results “through the eyes of management.” We further believe that providing this information assists our investors in understanding
our operating performance and the methodology used by management to evaluate and measure such performance. When read in
conjunction with our U.S. GAAP results, these non-GAAP financial measures provide a baseline for analyzing trends in our underlying
2024 FORM 10-K
46
businesses and can be used by management as one basis for financial, operational, and planning decisions. Finally, these measures are
often used by analysts and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry.
Management recognizes that these non-GAAP financial measures have limitations, including that they may be calculated differently by
other companies or may be used under different circumstances or for different purposes, thereby affecting their comparability from
company to company. In order to compensate for these and the other limitations discussed below, management does not consider these
measures in isolation from or as alternatives to the comparable financial measures determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Readers
should review the reconciliations below, and above with respect to free cash flow, and should not rely on any single financial measure to
evaluate our business. The reasons we use these non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to their most directly comparable
U.S. GAAP