use the specified trademarks granted to us under this agreement and may
result in our having to negotiate a new or reinstated agreement with less favorable terms or cause us to lose our rights under the
Trademark License Agreement, which would require us to change our corporate name and undergo significant rebranding efforts. These
rebranding efforts may require significant resources and expenses and may affect our ability to attract and retain customers, all of which
could have an adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. We own the “Vernova” trademark and
have taken steps to protect it. We have filed trademark applications and have been issued registrations for this trademark around the world.
We cannot be certain that, notwithstanding the legal protections, others do not or will not infringe or misappropriate our IP rights in this
trademark.
2024 FORM 10-K
25
Increased cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted computer crimes pose a risk
to our systems, networks, products, solutions, services, and data, as well as our reputation, which could adversely affect our
business.
We manufacture and sell products that rely upon software and computer systems to operate properly and process and store
confidential information. Our products often are connected to, and reside within, our customers’ information technology (IT) infrastructures.
In some jurisdictions, we are expected to design our products to include appropriate cybersecurity protections, and regulatory authorities
review such protections when granting marketing authorizations. The measures we take to protect our products and IT systems from
unauthorized access may not be effective, particularly because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems
change frequently, increase in sophistication, and often are not recognized until launched against a target. These risks apply to our installed
base of products, products we currently sell, new products we will introduce in the future, and older technology that we no longer sell or
service but remains in use by customers.
Increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats, computer viruses, and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks, such
as ransomware, as well as cybersecurity failures resulting from human error and technological errors, pose a risk to our security. They also
pose a risk to the security of our customers', partners', suppliers', and third-party service providers' infrastructure, products, systems, and
networks and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data and our customers’ data, as well as associated financial risks. As
attackers become more capable (including sophisticated state or state-affiliated actors), and as critical infrastructure increasingly becomes
digitized, the risks in this area continue to grow. A significant cyber-related attack, such as an attack on power grids