fossil- fuel sectors. While such legislation and regulations could boost demand
for our technologies that contribute to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, such as hydrogen and carbon capture technologies,
compliance with greenhouse gas emission legislation and regulations applicable to our or our customers’ operations may have significant
implications that could adversely affect our business and operating results.
Failure to meet ESG (including sustainability) expectations or standards or achieve our ESG goals could adversely affect our
business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
There has been an increased focus from regulators and
stakeholders on
ESG
matters. These include areas such as greenhouse
gas emissions and climate-related risks that are particularly
relevant for the industries we serve and our businesses, as well as inclusive employment practices and equal employment opportunities
,
responsible sourcing, human rights and social responsibility, and corporate governance. We have established sustainability goals aligned
with certain ESG goals and targets. Our ability to accomplish them presents numerous operational, regulatory, financial, legal, and other
challenges, several of which are outside of our control.
Increasing focus on ESG factors has led to enhanced interest in the review of performance results by investors and other stakeholders and
the potential for litigation and reputational risk. Some investors have used, and may continue to use, ESG criteria to guide their investment
strategies, and may not invest in us, or divest their holdings of us, if they believe our policies relating to ESG matters are inadequate. Our
voluntary disclosures of ESG data under standards such as the Global Reporting Initiative, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
(
SASB
), and recommendations issued by the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosures (
TCFD
) are
evaluated and rated by various organizations that assess corporate ESG performance. Unfavorable ESG ratings, or our inability to meet
the ESG standards set by specific investors, may lead to unfavorable sentiment toward us, which could have a negative impact, among
other things, on our stock price and cost of capital. Regulatory requirements related to ESG or sustainability reporting have been adopted in
the EU that apply or will apply to us when effective, due to our revenues and employee populations in the EU, including the EU
CSRD
, EU
Taxonomy, and the EU
CSDDD
.
In the U.S., such regulations have been issued requiring carbon emissions and climate risk disclosures in
California, related to pension investments in California, and for the responsible investment of public funds in Illinois.
Additional regulation is
pending at the SEC, at the federal level for government contractors, and in other states. Globally, we anticipate an increase in carbon
emissions and climate risk disclosure requirements under the