renewable
energy tax equity investments.
(b) Consists of severance, facility closures, acquisition and disposition, and other charges associated with major restructuring programs.
(c) Costs incurred in the Spin-Off and separation from GE, including system implementations, advisory fees, one-time stock option grant,
and other one-time costs. In addition, includes
$
136
million
benefit related to deferred intercompany profit that was recognized upon GE
retaining the renewable energy U.S. tax equity investments at the time of the Spin-Off in the second quarter of 2024.
(d) Represents cash refund received in connection with an arbitration proceeding, constituting the payments previously made to a
multiemployer pension plan, and excludes
$
52
million
related to the interest on such amounts that was recorded in Interest and other
financial charges – net in the second quarter of 2024.
(e) Excludes depreciation and amortization expense related to Restructuring and other charges. Includes amortization of basis differences
included in Equity method investment income (loss) which is part of Other income (expense) - net.
(f) Consists of interest and other financial charges, net of interest income, other than financial interest related to our normal business
operations primarily with customers.
(g) Related to recoverability of asset charges recorded in connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and resulting
sanctions primarily related to our Power business.
(a)
We classify deferred tax assets as "Other" for purposes of this disclosure.
(a) Depreciation and amortization includes impairments related to our Hydro Power business of
$
108
million
for the year ended December
31, 2024 and impairments related to our
remaining Steam Power business of
$
806
million
for the year ended December 31, 2022. See
Notes
6
and
8
for further information.
Revenues are classified according to the region to which equipment and services are sold. For purposes of this analysis, the U.S. is
presented separately from the remainder of the Americas.
2024 FORM 10-K
86
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE.
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.
Management’s Discussion of Financial Responsibility.
Management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated and
combined financial statements and related information that are presented in this report. The consolidated and combined financial
statements, which include amounts based on management’s estimates and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles
.
The Company designs and maintains accounting and internal control systems to provide reasonable assurance that assets are
safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial records are reliable for preparing consolidated and
combined financial statements and maintaining accountability for assets. These systems are enhanced by