cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Furthermore, protecting
confidential information and trade secrets can be difficult and, even if a successful enforcement action is brought, such action may not be
effective in protecting our confidential information and trade secrets. Additionally, the increased sharing of our data with third parties as a
result of right to repair legislation could increase the risk of loss or damage to our confidential information and IP. If we cannot adequately
obtain, maintain, protect, or enforce our IP rights, our competitors may be able to compete more successfully against us, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects.
We may not receive protection for pending or future applications relating to IP rights owned by or licensed to us and the scope of protection
allowed under any issued IP rights may not be sufficiently broad to protect our products, services, solutions, and any associated
trademarks. Products sold by our competitors may infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate IP rights owned or licensed by us. Any
issued IP rights owned by or licensed to us may be challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable, or circumvented in litigation or other
proceedings, and these limited IP rights may not provide us with effective competitive advantages. Intellectual property rights may also be
unavailable, limited, unenforceable, or practically unenforceable in some countries, and some governments may require us to transfer our
IP rights to local entities to do business in their jurisdiction, either of which could make it easier for competitors to capture increased market
position. We may also incur substantial costs to protect ourselves in litigation or other proceedings involving the validity and enforceability
of our IP rights. If claims against us are successful, we could lose valuable IP rights. An unfavorable outcome in any such litigation could
have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects.
We do not own the GE trademark or logo, and any elimination of our rights to use specified trademarks granted to us under our
Trademark License Agreement with GE could have an adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or
prospects.
We do not own the GE trademark or logo, which we use in line with our Trademark License Agreement with GE and in
combination with the “Vernova” trademark that is owned by us. GE owns and controls the GE brand, and the integrity and strength of the
GE brand will depend in large part on the efforts and businesses of GE and other licensees of the GE brand and how the brand is used,
promoted, and protected by them, which will be largely outside of our control.
Furthermore, there are certain circumstances under which the Trademark License Agreement may be terminated. Termination of the
Trademark License Agreement would eliminate our rights to