billion. See
Note
13
in the Notes to the
consolidated and combined financial statements for further information.
Loss
Contingencies
.
Loss contingencies are existing conditions, situations or circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible loss that
will ultimately be resolved when future events occur or fail to occur. Such contingencies include, but are not limited to, warranties,
environmental obligations, litigation, regulatory investigations and proceedings, and losses resulting from other events and developments.
When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss.
We consider many factors in making these assessments, including historical experience and matter specifics. Estimates are developed in
consultation with legal counsel and are based on an analysis of potential results.
When there appears to be a range of possible costs with equal likelihood, liabilities are based on the low end of such range. However, the
likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a
range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and negotiations with or
decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. Moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be
resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be continuously evaluated to determine
both the likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. Disclosure is provided for
material loss contingencies when a loss is probable, but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, and when it is reasonably possible that a
loss will be incurred or the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. We regularly review contingencies to determine whether the
likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of loss can be made. See Note
22
in the
Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements for further information.
Environmental
and
Asset
Retirement
Obligations
.
Our operations involve the use, disposal, and cleanup of substances regulated under
environmental protection laws and nuclear decommissioning regulations. We have obligations for ongoing and future environmental
remediation activities and may incur additional liabilities in connection with previously remediated sites or as a result of any restructuring
actions taken in future periods. Additionally, like many other industrial companies, we and our subsidiaries are defendants in various
lawsuits related to alleged worker exposure to asbestos or other hazardous materials. Liabilities for environmental remediation, nuclear
decommissioning and worker exposure claims exclude possible insurance recoveries.
We record asset