Consequences of the Spin-Off” in the Information Statement.
If the Spin-Off were determined not to qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we could have an indemnification
obligation to GE, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations.
If, as a
result of any of our representations being untrue or our covenants being breached, the Spin-Off were determined not to qualify for non-
recognition of gain or loss under Section 355 and related provisions of the Code, we could be required by our Tax Matters Agreement with
GE to indemnify GE for the resulting taxes and related expenses. Those amounts could be material. Any such indemnification obligation
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations.
For example, if we or our stockholders were to engage in transactions that resulted in a 50% or greater change by vote or value in the
ownership of our stock during the four-year period beginning on the date that begins two years before the date of the Spin-Off, the Spin-Off
would generally be taxable to GE, but not to GE stockholders, under Section 355(e), unless it were established that such transactions and
the Spin-Off were not part of a plan or series of related transactions. If the Spin-Off were taxable to GE due to such a 50% or greater
change by vote or value in the ownership of our stock, GE would recognize gain equal to the excess of the fair market value on the April 2,
2024 FORM 10-K
28
2024 (Distribution Date) of our common stock distributed to GE stockholders over GE’s tax basis in our common stock, and we generally
would be required to indemnify GE for the tax on such gain and related expenses. Those amounts could be material. Any such
indemnification obligation could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. See “Certain
Relationships and Related Person Transactions— Agreements with GE—Tax Matters Agreement" in the Information Statement.
We agreed to numerous restrictions to preserve the non-recognition tax treatment of the Spin-Off, which may reduce our
strategic and operating flexibility.
To preserve the tax-free nature of the Spin-Off and related transactions, we agreed in the Tax Matters
Agreement to covenants and indemnification obligations that address compliance with Section 355 and related provisions of the Code, as
well as state, local and foreign tax law. These covenants include certain restrictions on our activity for a period of two years following the
Spin-Off. Specifically, we are subject to certain restrictions on our ability to enter into acquisition, merger, liquidation, sale, and stock
redemption transactions with respect to our stock or assets and we may be required to indemnify GE against any resulting tax liabilities
even if we do not participate in or otherwise facilitate the acquisition. Furthermore, we are subject to specific restrictions on