based on costs incurred
relative to total estimated costs over the contract term. As part of the revenue recognition process, the Company estimates both customer
payments that are expected to be received and costs to perform maintenance services over the contract term. Key assumptions within
those estimates that require significant judgment from management include: (a) how the customer will utilize the assets covered over the
contract term, (b) the expected timing and extent of future maintenance and outage services, (c) the future cost of materials, labor, and
other resources, and (d) forward looking information concerning market conditions.
Given the complexity involved with evaluating the estimates, which includes significant judgment necessary to estimate future costs,
auditing management’s key assumptions within the estimates required a high degree of auditor judgment and extensive audit effort,
including the involvement of professionals with specialized skills and industry knowledge.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our auditing procedures over the estimates and key assumptions described above related to the amount and timing of revenue recognition
of the long-term service agreements, within the Power segment, included the following, among others:
•
We evaluated management’s risk assessment process through observation of key meetings, including inspection of
documentation, addressing contract status and current market conditions.
•
We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and key assumptions to develop cost estimates,
including expected timing and extent of future maintenance and outage services as well as the future cost of materials, labor and
other resources, all of which impact contract margin.
•
We tested management’s utilization assumptions for timing and extent of future maintenance and overhaul services projected for
the contract term by comparing current estimates to historical information and forward-looking market conditions.
2024 FORM 10-K
50
•
We tested management’s process for estimating the timing and amount of costs associated with maintenance, outage, and other
major events throughout the contract term, including comparing estimates to historical cost experience, performing a retrospective
review, performing analytical procedures, and utilizing specialists to evaluate engineering studies used by the Company to
estimate the useful life of capital parts of certain installed equipment.
2024 FORM 10-K
51
2024 FORM 10-K
52
2024 FORM 10-K
53
2024 FORM 10-K
54
2024 FORM 10-K
55
(a) During the third quarter, restrictions lapsed on
435,719
shares of GE Vernova common stock in connection with the vesting of
performance shares originally awarded by General Electric Company, now operating as GE Aerospace. We withheld
218,290
shares of
GE Vernova common stock to satisfy tax withholding obligations, resulting in
$
40
million
of Treasury common stock.
(b) Primarily relates to