financing of projects through project development loans, structured debt financing or
equity investments, including those done in collaboration with our Financial Services business. It is possible that such financing may not be
available, or that the cost may be higher than anticipated, negatively impacting our ability to bid for certain projects, or negatively impacting
our earnings, cash flows, and returns. The termination of, expiration of, or exhaustion of funding capacity or commitments available to us
under our Framework Investment Agreement with GE, our inability to maintain sufficient balance sheet capacity to make future tax equity
commitments, or an inability to generate sufficient U.S. tax base to allow us to monetize tax credits, could reduce our ability to make, or
prevent us from making at all, future such investments, which could further negatively impact our financial condition. Any of these risks
could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, prospects, and the market price of our
securities.
Future material impairments in the value of our long-lived assets, including goodwill, could adversely affect our business.
We
review our long-lived assets, including identifiable intangible assets, goodwill, and property, plant, and equipment (PP&E), for impairment at
least annually. All long-lived assets are reviewed when there is an indication that impairment may have occurred. Changes in market
conditions or other changes in the outlook of value may lead to impairment charges in the future. In addition, we may sell assets that we
determine are not critical to our strategy. Future events or decisions may lead to asset impairments or related charges. Certain non-cash
impairments may result from a change in our strategic goals, business direction, or other factors relating to the overall business
environment. Material impairment charges could negatively affect our results of operations.
Changes in tax laws, tax rates, tariffs, adverse positions taken by taxing authorities, and tax audits could impact operating
results.
We are subject to income and other taxes (including sales, excise, and value-added) in the U.S. and numerous foreign
jurisdictions. The determination of the Company’s worldwide provision for income taxes and liability for income and other tax liabilities
requires judgment and is based on diverse legislative and regulatory structures that exist in the various jurisdictions where the Company
operates. These factors, together with changes in tax laws, tax rates, tariffs, changes in interpretation of tax laws, the resolution of tax
2024 FORM 10-K
27
assessments or audits by various tax authorities, and the ability to fully utilize tax loss carryforwards and tax credits, could impact our
operating results, including additional valuation allowances for deferred tax assets. Potential changes to tax laws, including changes to
taxation of global income, may have an effect on our