companies doing business with the government. The laws governing government contracts can differ from the laws governing
private contracts and government contracts may contain terms and conditions that are not applicable to private contracts or that expose us
to higher levels of risk and potential liability than non-government contracts. Similarly, most jurisdictions have public procurement laws and
reimbursement policies that set out rules and regulations for purchases and reimbursements by governmental entities. Certain countries
impose additional requirements on government suppliers as a prerequisite to doing business in the country including, among other things,
local headcount requirements, local manufacturing and supplier requirements, and technology or IP transfers. These jurisdictions may
modify their laws, policies, rules, or regulations, or impose new requirements that could adversely affect our business.
For contracts with the U.S. federal government, with certain exceptions, we must comply with the Federal Acquisition Regulation and
applicable agency rules, the Procurement Integrity Act, the Buy American Act, and/ or the Trade Agreements Act. Some governmental
entities, including the U.S. federal government, can terminate contracts for their convenience or for our default. These governmental
entities may also be subject to continued legislative funding approval. Early termination for convenience of one or more of our contracts, or
a change in a government customer’s funding levels, could impact our expected revenues. A termination for default of one or more of our
contracts could subject us to penalties and damages resulting from the default, including costs for the governmental entity to reprocure the
items under contract, in addition to other penalties previously listed. In addition, the U.S. federal government could invoke the Defense
Production Act, requiring that we accept and prioritize contracts for materials deemed necessary for national defense, regardless of loss in
revenue incurred on such contracts. In such circumstances, we may be required to reallocate time and resources away from our customers
to fulfill U.S. federal government requests under the Defense Production Act. This could cause us to be unable to fulfill contractual
obligations to non-U.S. federal government customers and harm long-term business relationships with our customers, suppliers, and
channel partners, which could adversely affect our business.
We are also subject to government audits, investigations, and oversight proceedings with respect to regulations governing government
contracts, public procurement, and government reimbursements. Efforts to ensure our business arrangements comply with applicable laws
involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices do not
comply with current or future laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, defense can be