Trade Finance Facility has not been utilized
as of December 31, 2024. Each of the Credit Facilities will mature on April 2, 2029. We may voluntarily prepay borrowings under the
Revolving Credit Facility without premium or penalty, subject to customary breakage costs with respect to loans bearing interest by
reference to the applicable adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (Term SOFR) or the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (Euribor).
2024 FORM 10-K
81
We may also voluntarily reduce the commitments under the Credit Facilities, in whole or in part, subject to certain minimum reduction
amounts. The Credit Facilities include various customary covenants that limit, among other things, our incurrence of liens and our entry into
certain fundamental change transactions. Fees related to the unused portion of the facilities were not material in the year ended December
31, 2024.
Legal Matters.
I
n the normal course of our business, we are regularly involved in various arbitrations, class actions, commercial litigation,
investigations, or other legal, regulatory, or governmental actions, including the significant matters described below, that could have a
material impact on our results of operations. In many proceedings, including the specific matters described below, it is inherently difficult to
determine whether any loss is probable or even reasonably possible or to estimate the size or range of the possible loss, and accruals for
legal matters are not recorded until a loss for a particular matter is considered probable and reasonably estimable. Given the nature of legal
matters and the complexities involved, it is often difficult to predict and determine a meaningful estimate of loss or range of loss until we
know, among other factors, the particular claims involved, the likelihood of success of our defenses to those claims, the damages or other
relief sought, how discovery or other procedural considerations will affect the outcome, the settlement posture of other parties, and other
factors that may have a material effect on the outcome. For these matters, unless otherwise specified, we do not believe it is possible to
provide a meaningful estimate of loss at this time. Moreover, it is not uncommon for legal matters to be resolved over many years, during
which time relevant developments and new information must be continuously evaluated.
Alstom
legacy legal matters.
In November 2015, we acquired the power and grid businesses of Alstom, which prior to the acquisition was
the subject of significant cases involving anti-competitive activities and improper payments. The estimated liability balance was
$
236
million
and
$
393
million
at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for legal and compliance matters related to the legacy business practices
that were the subject of cases in various jurisdictions. Allegations in these cases relate to claimed anticompetitive conduct or improper
payments in the pre-acquisition period as the source of legal