between shipment and delivery).
Where arrangements include customer acceptance provisions based on seller or customer-specified objective criteria, we recognize
revenue when we have concluded that the customer has control of the equipment, and that acceptance is likely to occur. We do not
provide for anticipated losses on point-in-time transactions prior to transferring control of the equipment to the customer.
Our billing terms for these point-in-time equipment contracts generally coincide with delivery to the customer; however, we receive progress
collections from customers for large equipment purchases to generally reserve production slots.
Revenues from the Sale of Services
.
Sales of services include sales from contracts that include the sales of parts and labor associated
with servicing customers’ installed base in addition to software related offerings, extended warranties, equipment upgrades, and other
service-type activities.
Consistent with the way we manage our businesses and interact with customers, we refer to sales under service
agreements, which includes both goods (such as spare parts and equipment upgrades) and related services (such as monitoring,
maintenance and repairs) as sales of “services,” which is an important part of our operations.
See Note
9
for further information.
Performance Obligations Satisfied Over Time.
We enter into long-term service agreements, which we refer to as contractual service
agreements, with our customers within our Power segment. These agreements require us to provide preventative and routine maintenance,
outage services, and standby “warranty type” services that include certain levels of assurance regarding asset performance and uptime
throughout the contract periods, which generally range from
5
to
25
years
. We account for items that are integral to the maintenance of the
equipment as part of our performance obligation unless the customer has a substantive right to make a separate purchasing decision for
services such as equipment upgrades. When determined to be a separate performance obligation, revenue for equipment upgrades is
r
ecognized over time
as our performance enhances the customer’s asset.
We recognize revenue as we perform under these arrangements using the percentage of completion method, which is based on our costs
incurred to date relative to our estimate of total expected costs and the transaction price to which we expect to be entitled under the terms
of the contract. Throughout the life of a contract, this measure of progress captures the nature, timing and extent of our underlying
performance activities as our stand-ready services often fluctuate between routine inspections and maintenance, unscheduled service
events and major outages at predetermined usage intervals. We provide for a potential loss on these agreements when it is expected that
we will incur such loss.
Our billing terms for these arrangements are generally based on the customers’ utilization of the equipment