arrangements with GE to
manage liquidity and fund our operations. As a result of completing the Spin-Off, we no longer participate in these arrangements and our
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash are held and used solely for our own operations. Our capital structure, long-term commitments,
and sources of liquidity have changed significantly from our historical practices. As of
March 31, 2025
, our Cash, cash equivalents, and
restricted cash was
$8.1 billion
,
$0.3 billion
of which was restricted use cash.
In addition, we have access to a
$3.0 billion
committed
revolving
credit facility (Revolving Credit Facility). See “—Capital Resources and Liquidity—Debt” for further information. We believe our
unrestricted c
ash, cash equivalents
, future cash flows generated from operations, and committed credit facility will be responsive to the
needs of our current and planned operations for at least the next 12 months.
On April 8, 2025, the Board of Directors declared a $0.25 per share quarterly dividend on our outstanding common stock, payable
on May
16, 2025, to stockholders of record as of April 18, 2024.
On December 10, 2024, the Board of Directors
authorized up to $6 billion of
common stock repurchases.
In connection with this authorization, we repurchased 4 million shares for $1.2 billion during the three months
ended March 31, 2025.
Although we intend to fund priorities that profitably grow the company and return capital to
stockholders
through
dividends and share repurchases as part of our capital allocation strategy, we are not obligated to pay cash dividends or to repurchase a
specified or any number or dollar value of shares under our share repurchase program. The declaration of any future dividends is at the
discretion of our Board of Directors and will be based on our earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, prospects, and other factors.
The amount and timing of any future share repurchases under our share repurchase program will be based on the trading price and volume
of our shares of common stock and other market factors as well as our earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, prospects,
alternative uses for our cash, and other factors.
Consolidated and Combined Statement of Cash Flows.
The most significant source of cash flows from operations is customer-related
activities, the largest of which is collecting cash resulting from equipment or services sales. The most significant operating uses of cash are
to pay our suppliers, employees, tax authorities, and postretirement plans. We measure ourselves on a free cash flow* basis. We believe
that free cash flow* provides management and investors with an important measure of our ability to generate cash on a normalized basis.
Free cash flow* also provides insight into our ability to produce cash subsequent to fulfilling our capital obligations; however, free cash flow*
does not delineate funds available for discretionary uses as it does not deduct the payments required