violations or damages. Given the significant litigation and compliance activity
related to these matters and our ongoing efforts to resolve them, it is difficult to assess whether the disbursements will ultimately be
consistent with the estimated liability established. The estimation of this liability may not reflect the full range of uncertainties and
unpredictable outcomes inherent in litigation and investigations of this nature, and at this time we are unable to develop a meaningful
estimate of the range of reasonably possible additional losses beyond the amount of this estimated liability. Factors that can affect the
ultimate amount of losses associated with these and related matters include formulas for determining disgorgement, fines and/or penalties,
the duration and amount of legal and investigative resources applied, political and social influences within each jurisdiction, and tax
consequences of any settlements or previous deductions, among other considerations. Actual losses arising from claims in these and
related matters could exceed the amount provided.
In June 2024, we executed a settlement agreement with the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, represented by The Ministry of
Energy (MOE) in connection with certain Alstom steam power construction projects with Saudi Electric Company (SE) won between 1998
and 2008. In November 2015, prior to its acquisition by GE, Alstom had paid a fine and pled guilty to charges brought by the U.S.
Department of Justice under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, including in relation to conduct related to
two
of these SE steam power
projects. In December 2015, following the acquisition of Alstom by GE, SE contacted GE seeking recompense for alleged reputational
damage and in December 2021, the Saudi Arabia National Anti-Corruption Commission became involved and initiated an investigation. The
settlement of approximately
$
267
million
consists of
$
141
million
in cash payments to the MOE and the remainder as a credit note to SE,
and releases GE Vernova, GE and their respective affiliates from civil and criminal liabilities related to this matter after the settlement
obligations are met. The entire cash settlement of
$
141
million
has been paid as of December 31, 2024.
Environmental and Asset Retirement Obligations.
Our operations involve the use, disposal, and cleanup of substances regulated under
environmental protection laws and nuclear decommissioning regulations. We have obligations for ongoing and future environmental
remediation activities and may incur additional liabilities in connection with previously remediated sites. Additionally, like many other
industrial companies, we and our subsidiaries are defendants in various lawsuits related to alleged worker exposure to asbestos or other
hazardous materials. Liabilities for environmental remediation, nuclear decommissioning, and worker exposure claims exclude possible
insurance recoveries.
It is reasonably possible that our exposure