Consolidated Statements of Operations using the straight-line expense attribution approach, reduced for estimated forfeitures. We estimate forfeitures based on our historical experience. The requisite service period could be shorter than the vesting period if an employee is retirement eligible or if an employee terminates due to death or disability.
The estimated fair value of RSUs is based on the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. For PSUs, depending on the terms of the award, estimated fair value is based on either the Monte Carlo valuation methodology or the closing stock price on the grant date. For stock option and ESPP awards, estimated fair value is based on the Black-Scholes option valuation model. Estimated inputs to that model include (i) expected volatility, based on a blend of historical volatility of our common stock price along with implied volatility for traded options on our common stock, (ii) expected term in years, based on the weighted-average period awards are expected to remain outstanding using historical cancellation and exercise data, contractual terms and vesting terms of the award, (iii) risk-free interest rate, based on observed interest rates appropriate for the term of the stock-based awards, and (iv) expected dividend yield, based on our history and expectation of dividend payments.
Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share attributable to Gilead is calculated based on Net income attributable to Gilead on our Consolidated Statements of Operations divided by the weighted-average number of shares of our common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share attributable to Gilead is calculated based on Net income attributable to Gilead on our Consolidated Statements of Operations divided by the weighted-average number of shares of our common stock and other dilutive securities outstanding during the period. The potentially dilutive shares of our common stock resulting from the assumed exercise of outstanding stock options and equivalents are determined under the treasury stock method.
60
Cash and Cash Equivalents
We consider highly liquid investments with insignificant interest rate risk and an original maturity of three months or less on the purchase date to be cash equivalents.
Marketable Debt Securities
All of our marketable debt securities are classified as available-for-sale and recorded at estimated fair values. We determine the appropriate classification of our marketable debt securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation at each balance sheet date. We regularly review our investments for declines in fair value below their amortized cost basis to determine whether the impairment is due to credit-related factors or noncredit-related factors. Our review includes the creditworthiness of the security issuers, the severity of the unrealized losses, whether we have the intent to sell the securities and whether it is more likely than not that we will be required