infusing them back into the patient; and
•
conditioning patients with chemotherapy in advance of administering our therapy, which may increase the risk of adverse side effects.
The use of engineered T cells as a potential cancer treatment is a recent development and may not be broadly accepted by physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, payers and others in the medical community. For example, in January 2024, FDA instituted a class labeling change for all approved CAR T-cell therapies, including a “boxed warning” about the possible risk of secondary T-cell malignancies in patients treated with CAR T-cell therapy. For challenges related to the reimbursement of Yescarta and Tecartus, see also “Our existing products are subject to pricing and reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, including required discounts and rebates.”
32
We rely on third-party sites to collect patients’ white blood cells, known as apheresis centers, as well as shippers, couriers, and hospitals for the logistical collection of patients’ white blood cells and ultimate delivery of Yescarta and Tecartus to patients. These vendors may encounter disruptions or difficulties that could result in product loss and regulatory action. Apheresis centers may also choose not to participate in our quality certification process, or we may be unable to complete such certification in a timely manner or at all, which could delay or constrain our manufacturing and commercialization efforts.
We also face risks related to our in-house CAR T-cell therapy manufacturing facilities in California, Maryland and the Netherlands, spanning process development, vector manufacturing, clinical trial production and commercial product manufacturing. Quality, reliability and speed are critical in cell therapy manufacturing to quickly and safely deliver our cell therapies to patients. Any delays or quality issues with our manufacturing operations could adversely affect our business and damage our reputation. In addition, we may not be able to sufficiently increase manufacturing network capacity to meet growing demand.
Our success depends on developing and commercializing new products or expanding the indications for existing products.
If we are unable to launch commercially successful new products or new indications for existing products, including approval for earlier lines of therapy, our business will be adversely impacted. The launch of commercially successful products is necessary to grow our business, cover our substantial R&D expenses, and offset revenue losses when existing products lose market share due to factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in drug development and the introduction of new products. The product development cycle is characterized by significant investments of resources, long lead times and unpredictable outcomes due to the nature of developing medicines for human