collaboration agreement (as amended, the “Collaboration Agreement”), with Gilead having the right to opt in to all current and future clinical-stage product candidates for up to
ten years
following the closing of the initial transaction, and a common stock purchase agreement and an investor rights agreement (together, as amended, the “Stock Purchase Agreements”).
As part of the November 2021 amendment, we exercised our options to
three
of Arcus’ clinical stage programs and made related collaboration opt-in payments of $
725
million to Arcus in 2022, which were included within Net cash used in investing activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
As part of the May 2023 amendment, we paid a $
35
million upfront fee to initiate research programs against up to four targets jointly selected by the parties that are applicable to inflammatory diseases, which was charged to Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations.
As part of the January 2024 amendment, we committed to a $
100
million continuation fee, which was charged to Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and paid later in 2024.
Under the Collaboration Agreement, the companies co-develop and share the global costs related to these clinical programs. We recorded $
243
million, $
189
million
and $
187
million of such costs primarily in Research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. If the optioned molecules achieve regulatory approval, the companies will co-commercialize and equally share profits in the U.S. Gilead will hold exclusive commercialization rights outside the U.S., subject to any rights of Arcus’s existing collaboration partners, and will pay to Arcus tiered royalties as a percentage of net sales ranging from the mid teens to low twenties. For the research programs applicable to inflammatory diseases, Gilead may exercise an option to license each program at two separate, prespecified time points. If Gilead exercises its option at the earlier time point for the first two target programs, Arcus would be eligible to receive up to $
420
million in future option and milestone payments and tiered royalties for each optioned program. For any other option exercise by Gilead for the four target programs, the parties would have rights to co-develop and share global development costs and to co-commercialize and share profits in the U.S. for optioned programs. We may also pay as much as an additional $
100
million at our option in 2026 and again in 2028, unless terminated early, to maintain the rights to opt in to future Arcus programs for the duration of the contact term.
Under the Stock Purchase Agreements, we have the right to purchase from Arcus additional shares up to a maximum of
35
% of the outstanding voting stock of Arcus over a
five-year
period ending in the