rewards philosophy. Our portfolio (which varies by country and is subject to employee eligibility requirements and legal and regulatory requirements) includes but is not limited to:
We are a pay-for-performance company and are committed to addressing pay equity. Our employee salaries are informed by market research, and market-based ranges and are assessed annually through performance reviews. Our policy is that compensation decisions are merit-based and made without regard to personal characteristics such as gender, race, color, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, religion or veteran status. We also conduct an annual pay equity review of employee compensation in an effort to strive to make our pay practices gender- and race-neutral.
To promote employee productivity, we continue to address our employees’ needs by providing meaningful benefits and a flexible approach to work arrangements. We believe our flexible work program positions us to be competitive for talent and support employee wellbeing while also creating the collaborative environment and connections that fuel innovation.
Safety
We have a workplace safety, training and security program that focuses on preventing work-related injuries and illnesses and providing a safe and secure environment for our employees. To maintain high safety standards, we offer our employees annual refresher courses and specialized training tailored to specific needs. We also diligently record, analyze and report work-related injuries and illnesses and other health and safety data in compliance with applicable regulatory and legal requirements.
Employee Development and Engagement
Employee development maximizes the potential and performance of each member of our workforce and is critical to achieving our business goals. Gilead offers a number of internal and external professional, management and leadership development training programs to help our employees develop technical, cross-functional and leadership skills and tools to advance their careers. In 2023, we started a multi-year approach to support the development of all people leaders at Gilead, recognizing the complexity and challenges of their roles and supporting the impact they can have on the growth and development of all employees. Approximately 1,700 people leaders started their development journey in 2023, with an additional 3,500 in 2024. In addition to internal development, employees can receive reimbursement for tuition expenses incurred while pursuing undergraduate, graduate or certificate courses at an accredited college or university or enroll in our standard loan repayment program for education loan repayment assistance.
As we strive to be an employer of choice in our industry, our listening strategy gathers input from our internal and external talent to shape our engagement strategies and programs and measure our progress. In addition to ongoing monitoring of key