CROs, including as a result of legislative or regulatory actions, our clinical trials and regulatory submissions may be delayed and our costs may increase. Moreover, in our regulatory submissions, we rely on the quality and validity of the clinical work performed by our CROs and investigators at the clinical trial sites. If any of their processes, methodologies or results were determined to be invalid, inadequate or violations of Good Clinical Practices and related regulations, our own clinical data and results and related regulatory approvals may be adversely affected.
We may not be able to obtain materials or supplies necessary to conduct clinical trials or to manufacture and sell our products, or we may face manufacturing difficulties, delays or interruptions, including at our third-party manufacturers and corporate partners, which could limit our ability to generate revenues.
We need access to certain materials and supplies to conduct our clinical trials and to manufacture and sell our products. If we are unable to purchase enough of these materials and supplies or find suitable alternatives in a timely manner, our development efforts for our product candidates may be delayed or our ability to manufacture and sell our products could be limited. For example, in the U.S., there have been ongoing or recent shortages of certain cancer drugs that are the backbone of standard-of-care treatments, such as carboplatin and cisplatin, which are also used in R&D and clinical trials. While we have observed minimal impacts to our oncology clinical trials to date, if these shortages continue or increase in magnitude, our ongoing and future oncology clinical trials may be delayed, halted or adversely impacted.
37
Suppliers of key components and materials must be named in the new drug application or marketing authorization application filed with the regulatory authority for any product candidate for which we are seeking marketing approval, and significant delays can occur if the qualification of a new supplier is required. Our products, which are manufactured at our own facilities or by third-party contract manufacturing organizations (“CMOs”) and corporate partners, are the result of complex, highly regulated manufacturing processes. We depend on CMOs and corporate partners to perform manufacturing activities effectively and on a timely basis for the majority of our active pharmaceutical ingredients and drug products. These third parties are independent entities subject to their own unique operational and financial risks that are out of our control. Some of our products and the materials that we utilize in our operations are manufactured by only one supplier or at only one facility, which we may not be able to replace in a timely manner and on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. We and our CMOs and corporate partners are subject to current Good Manufacturing Practices (“cGMP”), which are extensive regulations governing manufacturing processes,