imposed by FDA could result in significant civil monetary penalties, fines, suspensions of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products and criminal prosecutions.
23
We are impacted by evolving laws, regulations and legislative or regulatory actions applicable to the healthcare industry.
The healthcare industry is subject to various federal, state and international laws and regulations pertaining to drug approval, manufacturing, reimbursement, rebates, price reporting, healthcare fraud and abuse, and data privacy and security. In the U.S., these laws include anti-kickback and false claims laws, the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, laws and regulations relating to the Medicare and Medicaid programs and other federal and state programs, such as the Medicaid Rebate Statute and the 340B statute, laws that regulate written and verbal communications about our products, individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and other federal and state laws relating to the privacy and security of health information, including the Executive Order on Preventing Access to Americans’ Bulk Sensitive Personal Data, which may impact how and where clinical and other sensitive data is shared, accessed and analyzed, and United States Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern issued in February 2024. Actual or alleged violations of these laws or any related regulations may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, civil monetary penalties, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, including Medicare, Medicaid and U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and U.S. Department of Defense health programs, actions against executives overseeing our business and significant remediation measures, negative publicity or other consequences. These laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to changing and evolving interpretations, including as a result of legal challenges, which may increase following the U.S. Supreme Court decision to overrule the
Chevron
doctrine, any of which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance, alter one or more of our sales or marketing practices, or impact our ability to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals. The resulting impact on our business is uncertain and could be material. Additionally, recently proposed legislation in the U.S., such as the BIOSECURE Act (which, among other things, could prohibit U.S. executive agencies from contracting with, or expending loans or granting funds to, companies that use biotechnology equipment or services for certain activities from certain foreign-owned entities), has the potential to adversely impact our ability to receive equipment or services from such entities, including certain of which we use in connection with our clinical trials and our clinical and commercial manufacturing, which