transaction other than a business combination, that do not have an alternative future use, including upfront and pre-commercialization milestone payments related to various collaborations and the costs of rights to IPR&D projects.
Acquired in-process research and development expenses were $253 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, primarily related to the LEO Pharma A/S collaboration in January 2025.
Acquired in-process research and development expenses were $4.1 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2024, primarily related to the following transactions:
•
$3.9 billion CymaBay acquisition in March 2024; and
•
$100 million Arcus Biosciences, Inc. collaboration amendment in January 2024.
See Note 6. Acquisitions, Collaborations and Other Arrangements of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information.
In-Process Research and Development Impairment
No IPR&D impairment charges were recorded during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
In January 2024, we received data from our Phase 3 EVOKE-01 study of Trodelvy evaluating sacituzumab govitecan-hziy (“SG”) indicating that the study did not meet its primary endpoint of overall survival in previously treated metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”), thus triggering a review for potential impairment of the NSCLC IPR&D intangible asset. Based on our evaluation of the study results and all other data currently available, and in connection with the preparation of the financial statements for the first quarter, we performed an interim impairment test and determined that the revised estimated fair value of the NSCLC IPR&D intangible asset was below its carrying value. As a result, we recognized a partial impairment charge of $2.4 billion in In-process research and development impairments on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
To arrive at the revised estimated fair value as of March 31, 2024, we used a probability-weighted income approach that discounts expected future cash flows to present value, which requires the use of Level 3 fair value measurements and inputs, including critical estimated inputs, such as: revenues and operating profits related to the planned utilization of SG in NSCLC, which includes inputs such as addressable patient population, projected market share, treatment duration, and the life of the potential commercialized product; the probability of technical and regulatory success; the time and resources needed to complete the development and approval of SG in NSCLC; an appropriate discount rate based on the estimated weighted-average cost of capital for companies with profiles similar to our profile; and risks related to the viability of and potential alternative treatments in any future target markets. Our revised discounted cash flows for the March 31, 2024 fair value estimation primarily reflected the