treatment of metastatic urothelial cancer, and (ii) there was a higher number of deaths due to adverse events with sacituzumab govitecan-hziy compared to treatment of physician’s choice. In addition, following results and data from several magrolimab studies as well as corresponding FDA clinical holds, we announced in February 2024 that we would not pursue further development of magrolimab in hematologic cancers.
21
As a result, we may be unable to successfully complete our clinical trials on our anticipated timelines, or at all. Based on trial results, it is possible that FDA and other regulatory authorities do not approve our product candidates, or that any market approvals include significant limitations on the products’ use. Additionally, products and indications approved under accelerated approval pathways may be subject to withdrawal where confirmatory studies are unsuccessful. In October 2024, we announced plans to voluntarily withdraw the U.S. accelerated approval for Trodelvy (sacituzumab govitecan-hziy; SG) for treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer who have previously received a platinum-containing chemotherapy and either programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1) or programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) inhibitor. In addition, clinical trials involving our commercial products can raise new safety issues for our existing products, which could adversely impact our business. Further, we have in the past and we may in the future make a strategic decision to discontinue development of our product candidates, including but not limited to situations where we believe commercialization will be difficult relative to other opportunities in our pipeline. For example, in January 2024, we announced with our partner Arcus Biosciences, Inc. (“Arcus”) the discontinuation of further enrollment in the Phase 3 ARC-10 study evaluating domvanalimab plus zimberelimab in first-line locally advanced or metastatic, PD-L1-high NSCLC based on strategic prioritization to advance and potentially accelerate other Phase 3 studies in our collaboration with Arcus. Therefore, our product candidates may never be successfully commercialized, and we may be unable to recoup the significant R&D, clinical trial, acquisition-related and other expenses incurred. We expect to spend significant time and resources on our clinical trial activities without any assurance that we will recoup our investments or that our efforts will be commercially successful.
There are also risks associated with the use of third parties in our clinical trial activities. We extensively outsource our clinical trial activities and usually perform only a small portion of the start-up activities in-house. We rely on third-party contract research organizations (“CROs”) to perform most of our clinical studies, including document preparation, site identification, screening and preparation, pre-study visits, training, program management, patient enrollment, ongoing monitoring,