matters include the probability of a certain outcome of the case, the determination as to whether an exposure is reasonably estimable and the amount of potential exposure. These inputs are subject to uncertainty due to changes in the legal facts and circumstances of the case, status of the proceedings, applicable law, the views of legal counsel and the views of any judges or jury involved in the case. Upon the final resolution of such matters, it is possible that there may be a loss in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. We periodically reassess these matters when additional information becomes available and adjust our estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances indicate the need for any changes. For example, in the second quarter of 2023, we recorded an accrual of $525 million in Other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets for settlements with certain plaintiffs in the HIV antitrust litigation, which we paid in the second half of 2023. Also, we accrued approximately $200 million for a potential settlement with the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024.
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions, including Ireland. Critical inputs in determining our provision for income taxes and related tax balances include forecasts of our future income and expenses, potential tax planning strategies and determination of the probability of certain tax positions being sustained upon examination by tax authorities. These inputs are subject to uncertainty due to potential changes in facts and circumstances, economic and political conditions, changes to existing tax laws and new regulations or interpretations by tax authorities. Changes in these conditions could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. See Note 16. Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
47
ITEM 7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
We are exposed to market risks that may result from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices. To reduce certain of these risks, we enter into various types of foreign currency derivative hedging transactions, follow investment guidelines and monitor outstanding receivables as part of our risk management program.
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk
We have operations in more than 35 countries worldwide. As a result, our financial results could be significantly affected by factors such as changes in foreign currency exchange rates or weak economic conditions in the foreign markets in which we distribute our products. Our operating results are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates