treatments in HIV that combine Gilead’s investigational capsid inhibitor, lenacapavir, and Merck’s investigational nucleoside reverse transcriptase translocation inhibitor, islatravir, with other formulations potentially added to the collaboration as mutually agreed. The collaboration is initially focused on long-acting oral and injectable formulations.
Under the terms of the agreement, as amended, Gilead and Merck will mostly share global development and commercialization costs at
60
% and
40
%, respectively, across the oral and injectable formulation programs. For long-acting oral products, if approved, Gilead would lead commercialization in the U.S., and Merck would lead commercialization in the European Union (“EU”) and rest of the world. For long-acting injectable products, if approved, Merck would lead commercialization in the U.S. and Gilead would lead commercialization in the EU and rest of the world. Under the terms of the agreement, Gilead and Merck would jointly promote the combination products in the U.S. and certain other major markets. If successful, we would share global product revenues with Merck equally until product revenues surpass certain pre-determined per formulation revenue tiers. Upon passing $
2.0
billion in net product sales for the oral combination in a given calendar year, our share of revenue would increase to
65
% for any revenues above the threshold for such calendar year. Upon passing $
3.5
billion in net product sales for the injectable combination in a given calendar year, our share of revenue will increase to
65
% for any revenues above the threshold for such calendar year. Reimbursements of R&D costs to or from Merck are recorded within Research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Expenses recognized under the agreement were
not
material for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
No
revenues have been recognized under the agreement for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
73
We will also have the option to license certain of Merck’s investigational oral integrase inhibitors to develop in combination with lenacapavir. Reciprocally, Merck will have the option to license certain of Gilead’s investigational oral integrase inhibitors to develop in combination with islatravir. Each company may exercise its option for such investigational oral integrase inhibitor of the other company within the first
five years
after execution of the agreement, following completion of the first Phase 1 clinical trial of that integrase inhibitor. Upon exercise of an option, the companies will split development costs and revenues, unless the non-exercising company decides to opt out, in which case the non-exercising company will be paid a royalty.
Arcus
In May 2020, we entered into a transaction, and have since entered into various amending transactions, with Arcus, a publicly traded oncology-focused biopharmaceutical company, which included entry into an option, license and