to sell the securities before the recovery of their amortized cost bases. When we determine that a portion of the unrealized loss is due to an expected credit loss, we recognize the loss amount in Other (income) expense, net, with a corresponding allowance against the carrying value of the security we hold. The portion of any unrealized loss related to factors other than credit losses, as well as any unrealized gains, are recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income on our Consolidated Balance Sheets until realized, at which point they are reclassified into Other (income) expense, net on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest and amortization of purchase premiums and discounts are also recorded in Other (income) expense, net on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.
Accounts Receivable
Trade accounts receivable are recorded net of allowances for wholesaler chargebacks related to government and other programs, cash discounts for prompt payment and estimated credit losses. Estimates of our allowance for credit losses consider a number of factors, including existing contractual payment terms, individual customer circumstances, historical payment patterns of our customers, a review of the local economic environment and its potential impact on expected future customer payment patterns and government funding and reimbursement practices.
Inventories
Inventories are recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost determined on a first-in, first-out basis. We periodically review our inventories to identify obsolete, slow-moving, excess or otherwise unsaleable items. If obsolete, slow-moving, excess or unsaleable items are observed and there are no alternate uses for the inventory, we record a write-down to net realizable value through a charge to Cost of goods sold on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The determination of net realizable value requires judgment, including consideration of many factors, such as estimates of future product demand, product net selling prices, current and future market conditions and potential product obsolescence, among others. Inventories that are not expected to be sold within 12 months are classified in Other long-term assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
When future commercialization of a product is considered probable and the future economic benefit is expected to be realized, based on management’s judgment, we capitalize pre-launch inventory costs prior to regulatory approval. A number of factors are considered, including the current status in the regulatory approval process, potential impediments to the approval process such as safety or efficacy, anticipated R&D initiatives that could impact the indication in which the compound will be used, viability of commercialization and marketplace trends.
Equity
Securities
Equity securities with readily determinable fair values, including those