benefit.
Even after approving a drug, FDA may also require Phase 4 non-registrational studies to explore scientific questions to further characterize safety and efficacy during commercial use of our drug. FDA may also require us to provide additional data or information, improve our manufacturing processes, procedures or facilities or may require extensive surveillance to monitor the safety or benefits of our product candidates if it determines that our filing does not contain adequate evidence of the safety and benefits of the drug. In addition, even if FDA approves a drug, it could limit the uses of the drug. FDA can withdraw approvals if it does not believe that we are complying with regulatory standards or if concerns about the safety or efficacy are uncovered or occur after approval.
In addition to obtaining FDA approval for each drug, we obtain FDA approval of the manufacturing facilities for any drug we sell, including those of companies who manufacture our drugs for us. All of these facilities are subject to periodic inspections by FDA. FDA must also approve foreign establishments that manufacture products to be sold in the U.S. and these facilities are subject to periodic regulatory inspection. Our manufacturing facilities located in California also must be licensed by the State of California in compliance with local regulatory requirements. Our manufacturing facilities in Canada, Ireland and Netherlands also must obtain local licenses and permits in compliance with local regulatory requirements.
FDA may employ one of several tools to facilitate and expedite the development and review of a drug, including Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, Accelerated Approval designation and Priority Review designation. Fast Track designation is designed to facilitate the development and review of a drug that treats a serious condition and fills an unmet medical need. Breakthrough Therapy designation is designed to expedite the development and review of a drug that treats a serious condition where preliminary clinical evidence demonstrates substantial improvement over available therapies. Accelerated Approval of a drug may be granted by FDA where the drug treats a serious condition, fills an unmet medical need and has been studied for safety and efficacy. Priority Review designation means FDA’s goal is to take action on an application within six months of filing. FDA may grant Priority Review designation to a drug that would provide significant improvement in the safety or effectiveness of a treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious condition.
13
EU Drug Development
In the EU, our products are subject to a variety of EU and EU member state regulations governing clinical trials, commercial sales and distribution. We are required to obtain a marketing authorization in the EU before we can market our medicinal products on the relevant market. The conduct of clinical trials in the EU is governed by, among others, Directive