expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations.
In August 2024, FDA granted accelerated approval for Livdelzi (seladelpar) for the treatment of primary biliary cholangitis in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid (“UDCA”) in adults who have had an inadequate response to UDCA, or as monotherapy in patients unable to tolerate UDCA.
XinThera
In May 2023, we closed an agreement to acquire XinThera, Inc. (“XinThera”), a privately held biotechnology company focused on small molecule drugs to treat cancer and immunologic diseases, for approximately $
200
million in cash consideration, net of cash acquired. As a result, XinThera became our wholly-owned subsidiary.
We accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition and recorded a $
170
million charge to Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations in 2023. The remaining purchase price related to various other assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Under the agreement, the former shareholders of XinThera are eligible to receive performance-based development and regulatory milestone payments of up to approximately $
760
million, with the first $
50
million of such milestones paid and charged primarily to Acquired in-process research and development expenses in October 2023.
71
Tmunity
In February 2023, we closed an agreement to acquire Tmunity Therapeutics, Inc. (“Tmunity”), a clinical-stage, private biotechnology company focused on next-generation chimeric antigen receptor (“CAR”) T-therapies and technologies. Under the terms of the agreement, we acquired all outstanding shares of Tmunity other than those already owned by Gilead for approximately $
300
million in cash consideration. As a result, Tmunity became our wholly-owned subsidiary.
We accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition and recorded a $
244
million charge to Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations in 2023. The remaining purchase price related to various other assets acquired and liabilities assumed, consisting primarily of deferred tax assets. Under the agreement, the former shareholders of Tmunity and the University of Pennsylvania are eligible to receive a mix of up to approximately $
1.0
billion in potential future payments upon achievement of certain development, regulatory and sales-based milestones, as well as royalty payments on sales, with the first $
25
million of milestones charged to Acquired in-process research and development expenses in 2023 and paid in January 2024. In 2024, we paid an additional $
47
million for development milestones met, which was charged to Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations.
MiroBio
In September 2022, we acquired all of the outstanding share capital of MiroBio Ltd. (“MiroBio”), a privately-held U.K.-based biotechnology company focused on restoring immune balance with agonists targeting immune inhibitory