that are closely related to those which we have developed or are developing. In addition, certain countries do not provide effective mechanisms for enforcement of our patents, and third-party manufacturers may be able to sell generic versions of our products in those countries. Because patent applications are confidential for a period of time after filing, we may not know if our competitors have filed applications for technology covered by our pending applications or if we were the first to file an application directed toward the technology that is the subject of our patent applications. If competitors file patent applications covering our technology, we may have to participate in litigation, post-grant proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other proceedings to determine the right to a patent or validity of any patent granted. Such litigation and proceedings are unpredictable and expensive, and could divert management attention from other operations, such that, even if we are ultimately successful, we may be adversely impacted.
Patents covering our existing compounds, products and processes, and those that we will likely file in the future, may not provide complete or adequate protection. Filing patent applications is a fact-intensive and complex process. We may file patent applications that ultimately do not result in patents or have patents that do not provide adequate protection for the related product. Patent term extensions may be available for products we are developing, but we cannot be certain we will obtain them. Future litigation or other proceedings regarding the enforcement or validity of our existing patents or any future patents could result in the invalidation of our patents or substantially reduce their protection. In addition, we may face criticism as a result of our legitimate use of the patent systems to protect our investments in new and useful innovations in medicine. Further, incentives and exclusivities relating to our products and product candidates may change in the future. We are aware that several countries are considering changes to support sharing how to make and use new inventions that could impact the current patent systems and protections for innovation. Any such changes could also impact the voluntary licensing patent programs that we establish for our products to support access to medicines.
Generic manufacturers have sought, and may continue to seek, FDA approval to market generic versions of our products through an abbreviated new drug application (“ANDA”), the application process typically used by manufacturers seeking approval of a generic drug. For a description of our ANDA litigation, see Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ANDA litigation and related settlement and license agreements, in some cases, may result in a loss of exclusivity for our patents sooner than we would