use. We expend significant time and resources on our product pipeline as well as on preparations for potential commercial launch without any assurance that we will recoup our investments or that our efforts will be commercially successful. A high rate of failure is inherent in the discovery and development of new products, and failure can occur at any point in the process, including late in the process after substantial investment. Such failures have had, and may have in the future, a negative impact on our business and financial results, including as a result of our inability to recover R&D, clinical trial, acquisition-related and other expenses incurred in connection with the development of and launch preparations for our product candidates. For example, we enter into commitments to purchase materials and supplies in anticipation of the potential manufacture and sale of new product candidates, and in the event the development, approval or launch of these product candidates is delayed or otherwise unsuccessful, we may experience excess inventory that needs to be written down, losses on firm commitments to purchase inventory, or other costs and expenses resulting from such commitments.
We face challenges in accurately forecasting sales because of the difficulties in predicting demand for our products and fluctuations in purchasing patterns or wholesaler inventories.
We may be unable to accurately predict demand for our products as demand depends on a number of factors. If we do not accurately forecast demand or manufacture products at levels to align with actual demand, then we may experience product shortages or build excess inventory that may need to be written off. For example, product demand may be adversely affected if physicians do not see the benefit of our products. Additionally, uptake of new products may not materialize as expected, or at all in the case of unsuccessful product candidates. For example, Veklury sales generally reflect COVID-19 related rates and severity of infections and hospitalizations, as well as the availability, uptake and effectiveness of vaccines and alternative treatments for COVID-19, and future sales in the short- and long-term remain uncertain.
Additionally, the non-retail sector in the U.S., which includes government institutions, including state AIDS Drug Assistance Programs, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, correctional facilities and large health maintenance organizations, tends to be less consistent in terms of buying patterns and often causes quarter-over-quarter fluctuations that do not mirror actual patient demand for our products. Federal and state budget pressures, as well as the annual grant cycles for federal and state funds, may cause purchasing patterns to not reflect patient demand for our products. We expect to continue to experience fluctuations in the purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers. In light of the budget crises faced by many European countries, we have observed