metrics and mitigation actions, and may include key metrics such as those related to cybersecurity maturity, risk reduction, cybersecurity program health, and audit and compliance activities.
The Audit Committee updates the
Board
on its activities at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. Updates related to cybersecurity are provided to the Board on an annual basis as part of an overall ERM update. In addition to this regular reporting, significant cybersecurity events may also be escalated on an as-needed basis through the company’s organizational structure in accordance with the IRP.
Management’s Role in Assessing and Managing Material Risks from Cybersecurity Threats
Our CISO, supported by a cross-functional team, has primary responsibility for assessing and managing our cybersecurity program and the related risks. Details of the risk management and escalation processes are discussed in “Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy” above.
The CISO has over 30 years of IT and cybersecurity experience in large biopharmaceutical, life sciences, financial and technology industries, including over ten years with the company, and is responsible for managing the security architecture, engineering, technology operations, monitoring, incident response, risk, governance, quality and compliance at the company.
The company’s Information Security function is comprised of teams that engage in a range of cybersecurity activities such as security operations, security engineering, data privacy controls, validation, compliance and audit readiness. Leaders of each team are expected to collaborate to help increase visibility of key issues and alignment with strategy. As noted above, the company’s IRP includes standard processes for escalating significant cybersecurity incidents to management, including the CISO. The company’s incident response team also coordinates with external legal advisors, cybersecurity forensic firms, communication specialists, and other outside advisors and experts, as appropriate.
ITEM 2.
PROPERTIES
Our corporate headquarters are located in Foster City, California, where we house our administrative, manufacturing and R&D activities. We also have administrative facilities in Raleigh, North Carolina; Parsippany, New Jersey; and Washington, D.C., and we have R&D facilities in Oceanside and Santa Monica, California; Frederick, Maryland; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Edmonton, Canada; Dublin, Ireland; and Cambridge and Oxford, United Kingdom. Our principal manufacturing facilities are in El Segundo, La Verne, Oceanside and Santa Monica, California; Frederick, Maryland; Edmonton, Canada; Cork, Ireland and Hoofddorp, Netherlands. For more information about our manufacturing facilities, see Item 1. Business “Raw Materials and Manufacturing
.
” Our global operations include offices in Europe, North America, Asia, South America, Africa, Australia and the Middle East.
We believe that our existing properties, including both owned and leased sites, are