Third-Party Service Provider Risk Management
We have a process in place to oversee and identify risks from cybersecurity threats associated with our use of key third-party service providers during the course of engagement. The company uses an external risk management software program to identify, assess, monitor and mitigate risks associated with third-party relationships, including cybersecurity risks. Our vendor security assessment process evaluates key vendors and, where appropriate, assesses vendor’s controls for IT security, privacy, business continuity and other third-party risks. Following an evaluation, the company determines and prioritizes risks based on their potential impact, which helps inform the appropriate level of additional due diligence and ongoing compliance monitoring. The third-party risk assessment is a cross-functional effort involving our end-user, Legal, Privacy and Information Security teams.
31
Material Risks from Cybersecurity Threats
Like many companies, we face cybersecurity threats and have experienced cybersecurity incidents, including data breaches and temporary service interruptions.
However, since the beginning of fiscal year 2024, the company has not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats or incidents that have materially affected us or are reasonably likely to materially affect us.
Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that our efforts in response to cybersecurity incidents, as well as our investments to protect our IT infrastructure and data, will shield us from significant losses, brand and reputational harm and potential liability or prevent any future interruption or breach of our systems. Such cybersecurity incidents can cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, including personal information, and could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws. For additional information on cybersecurity risks we face, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading “Information system service interruptions or breaches, including significant cybersecurity incidents, could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws and adversely affect our business and operations.”
Cybersecurity Governance
Board Oversight of Risks from Cybersecurity Threats
Our Board of Directors plays an important role in overseeing cybersecurity risks. Our Board of Directors has established an oversight structure for monitoring the effectiveness of and risks related to the cybersecurity program.
The Audit Committee has been designated by the Board to oversee cybersecurity and information technology risks.
The Audit Committee receives quarterly cybersecurity updates from our CISO, and the chair of the Audit Committee meets with the CISO individually on a quarterly basis. These updates often address topics such as ongoing efforts to improve our cybersecurity posture, operational metrics, incident