matters will continue to require a high level of internal and financial resources for the foreseeable future. These matters have reduced, and are expected to continue to reduce, our earnings and require significant management attention.
25
In addition, the testing, manufacturing, marketing and use of our commercial products, as well as product candidates in development, involve substantial risk of product liability claims. These claims may be made directly by consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others. We have limited insurance for product liabilities that may arise and claims may exceed our coverage.
For a description of our litigation, investigation and other dispute-related matters, see Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The outcome of such legal proceedings or any other legal proceedings that may be brought against us, the investigations or any other investigations that may be initiated and any other dispute-related matters, are inherently uncertain, and adverse developments or outcomes can result in significant expenses, monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against us.
Operational Risks
Our business has been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic or contagious diseases.
Actual or threatened outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic or contagious diseases, or other public health emergencies, may significantly disrupt our global operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. As we have seen with the COVID-19 pandemic, outbreaks can result in global supply chain and logistics disruptions and distribution constraints. The impact of an outbreak or other public health crisis on our results of operations and financial condition would depend on numerous evolving factors, but could involve higher operating expenses, lower demand for our products as a result of governmental, business and individuals’ actions taken in response to such an event (including quarantines, travel restrictions and interruptions to healthcare services, which can impact enrollment in or operation of our clinical trials or limit patients’ ability or willingness to access and seek care), challenges associated with the safety of our employees and safe occupancy of our job sites, and financial market volatility and significant macroeconomic uncertainty in global markets. An outbreak or public health emergency also could amplify many of the other risks described throughout the “Risk Factors” section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
We face risks associated with our global operations.
Our global operations are accompanied by certain financial, political, economic and other risks, including those listed below:
•
Foreign Currency Exchange: Because a significant percentage of our product sales is denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the Euro, we