Information Security, Legal, and Privacy teams, such as our Chief Information Officer (“CIO”) and Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), are responsible for establishing and implementing cybersecurity policies and procedures, which includes developing and updating our enterprise Incident Response Plan (“IRP”), managing incident response, and overseeing any policy exceptions and potential compensating controls.
Additionally, we assess our cybersecurity maturity annually and implement and maintain controls that are designed to evaluate and improve our cybersecurity program, such as vulnerability assessments and penetration tests, as needed. We also execute employee cybersecurity training and awareness programs around various key cybersecurity topics, including reporting incidents, phishing, ransomware, remote working, cloud security, privileged access and removable media.
Our process for assessing, identifying and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats is integrated into our overall risk management process.
We have a robust enterprise risk management (“ERM”) program that plays an important role in seeking to manage and address existing and emerging risks, including cybersecurity risks, which are critical to our overall business goals and objectives.
The ERM team updates our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and his leadership team on cybersecurity risks as well as their potential impact, likelihood, potential mitigation plan and status.
Engagement of Third-Party Advisors
We engage third-party advisors, including assessors and cybersecurity consultants, to assess, validate and enhance our cybersecurity program. We benefit from engaging third parties to provide specialized skills, knowledge, tools and resources. These third parties also help reduce costs, increase efficiency, improve quality, mitigate risks and review cybersecurity strategy, trends and threat landscape.
Incident Response
We have a dedicated Information Security team responsible for managing and coordinating incident response efforts. This team collaborates closely with other teams within the company, including teams within information technology (“IT”), Legal and Privacy, in identifying, analyzing and responding to cybersecurity incidents, which includes tracking cybersecurity incidents to help identify any related incidents. When cybersecurity incidents are identified, our practice is to respond to and address them utilizing incident classifications and escalation protocols, in accordance with applicable governmental regulations and other legal requirements. Where necessary or appropriate, we also engage third-party advisors to assist in the incident response process.
We have an IRP to prepare for and respond to cybersecurity incidents. Our IRP processes are tested in annual tabletop exercises to help identify strengths and areas for improvement. Under the IRP, cybersecurity incidents are escalated based on a defined incident severity to management as appropriate.