allocation of the branded prescription drug fee.
General and administrative expenses decreased mainly due to lower expenses related to legal matters, partially offset by stock-based compensation expenses and other integration costs related to the acquisition of CymaBay, and higher restructuring costs.
Interest Expense and Other (Income) Expense, Net
The following table summarizes our Interest expense and Other (income) expense, net and period-over-period changes:
Interest expense increased 3% to $977 million in 2024, compared to 2023, primarily due to a higher average interest rate on long-term debt. See Note 11. Debt and Credit Facilities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on our long-term debt and related interest rates.
Unfavorable movements in Other (income) expense, net in 2024, compared to 2023, primarily related to higher net losses from equity securities and lower interest income due to lower average cash balances.
43
Income Taxes
The following table summarizes our Income tax expense and period-over-period changes:
Our effective tax rate increased in 2024, compared to 2023, primarily due to:
•
The non-deductible acquired IPR&D expense recorded in connection with our first quarter 2024 acquisition of CymaBay;
•
A decrease in unrecognized tax benefits as a result of reaching agreement with a tax authority on certain tax positions in 2023; partially offset by
•
A non-recurring tax benefit associated with a legal entity restructuring;
•
A decrease in state deferred tax liabilities associated with the $4.2 billion NSCLC IPR&D intangible asset impairment charge;
•
Settlements with tax authorities in 2024; and
•
Remeasurement of certain deferred tax liabilities related to acquired intangible assets.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development has a framework to implement a global minimum corporate tax of 15% for companies with global revenues and profits above certain thresholds (referred to as Pillar Two), with certain aspects effective January 1, 2024 and other aspects effective January 1, 2025. Certain countries in which we operate have adopted Pillar Two legislation and other countries are in the process of introducing legislation to implement Pillar Two. We do not expect Pillar Two to have a material impact on our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
We regularly analyze our ability to generate and obtain adequate amounts of cash to meet our short-term and long-term requirements and plans. Our capital priorities include: (i) investing in our business and R&D pipeline, (ii) continuing select partnerships and business development transactions, (iii) growing our dividend over time, and (iv) repurchasing shares to offset dilution and opportunistically reduce share count. Based on our evaluation of our current position of liquidity, available capital resources and our material cash