Resources
A summary of our capital resources and material cash requirements is presented in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Other than as disclosed in the Liquidity section above and in Notes 4. Equity Securities, 6. Acquisitions, Collaborations and Other Arrangements, 9. Debt and Credit Facilities, 10. Commitments and Contingencies and 12. Income Taxes of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there were no material changes to our capital resources and material cash requirements during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
Critical Accounting Estimates
A summary of our critical accounting estimates is presented in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Other than as disclosed in Notes 2. Revenues, 7. Intangible Assets, 10. Commitments and Contingencies and 12. Income Taxes of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there were no material changes to our critical accounting estimates during the three months ended March 31, 2025.
Information Available on Our Website
Our company website is www.gilead.com. We routinely post important information for investors in the “Investors” section of our website, https://investors.gilead.com. Among other things, an estimate of Acquired IPR&D expenses is expected to be made available on the Quarterly Results page within the first ten days after the end of each quarter. The content on the referenced websites does not constitute a part of and is not incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Item 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Information about our market risk is presented in Part II, Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Other than as disclosed in Notes 3. Fair Value Measurements, 4. Equity Securities, 5. Derivative Financial Instruments and 9. Debt and Credit Facilities of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there were no material changes to these disclosures.
Item 4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
An evaluation as of March 31, 2025 was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our “disclosure controls and procedures,” which are defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within