payment term. We may terminate the agreement without cause with respect to the countries where we sell the products.
Symtuza
In 2014, we amended a license and collaboration agreement with Janssen to develop and commercialize a fixed-dose combination of Janssen’s darunavir and our cobicistat, emtricitabine and tenofovir alafenamide (“Gilead Compounds”). This combination was approved in the U.S. and EU in July 2018 and September 2017, respectively, and is sold under the brand name Symtuza.
Under the terms of the 2014 amendment, we granted Janssen an exclusive license to Symtuza worldwide. Janssen is responsible for manufacturing, registration, distribution and commercialization of Symtuza worldwide. We are responsible for the intellectual property related to the Gilead Compounds and are the exclusive supplier of the Gilead Compounds. Neither party is restricted from combining its drugs with any other drug products except those which are similar to the components of Symtuza.
75
Janssen sets the price of Symtuza and the parties share revenue based on the ratio of the net selling prices of the party’s component(s), subject to certain restrictions and adjustments. The intellectual property license and supply obligations related to the Gilead Compounds are accounted for as a single performance obligation. As the license was deemed to be the predominant item to which the revenue share relates, we recognize our share of the Symtuza revenue in the period when the corresponding sales of Symtuza by Janssen occur. We record our share of the Symtuza revenue as Product sales on our Consolidated Statements of Operations primarily because we supply the Gilead Compounds to Janssen for Symtuza.
Termination of the agreement may be on a product or country basis and will depend on the circumstances, including withdrawal of a product from the market, material breach by either party or expiry of the revenue share payment term. Janssen may terminate the agreement without cause on a country-by-country basis, in which case Gilead has the right to become the selling party for such country(ies) if the product has launched but has been on the market for fewer than
10
years. Janssen may also terminate the entire agreement without cause.
Japan Tobacco
In 2005, Japan Tobacco, Inc. (“Japan Tobacco”) granted us exclusive rights to develop and commercialize elvitegravir, a novel HIV integrase inhibitor, in all countries of the world, excluding Japan, where Japan Tobacco retained such rights. Effective December 2018, we entered into an agreement with Japan Tobacco to acquire the rights to market and distribute certain products in our HIV portfolio in Japan and to expand our rights to develop and commercialize elvitegravir to include Japan. We are responsible for the marketing of the products as of January 1, 2019.
We are responsible for seeking regulatory approval in our territories and are required to use diligent efforts to commercialize elvitegravir for the treatment of HIV