report on these goals and objectives present numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal and other risks, any of which could have a material negative impact, including on our reputation and stock price.
Our ability to achieve any corporate responsibility goal or objective is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include: (1) the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources and technologies, (2) evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG standards or disclosures, (3) the availability of suppliers that can meet our corporate responsibility and related standards, (4) our ability to recruit, develop and retain qualified talent in our labor markets and (5) the impact of our organic growth and acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or operations.
The standards for tracking and reporting on ESG matters are relatively new, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. Our selection of disclosure frameworks that seek to align with various reporting standards may change from time to time and may result in a lack of consistent or meaningful comparative data from period to period. In addition, regulatory authorities have begun to impose mandatory disclosure requirements with respect to ESG matters, such as regulations proposed or adopted by federal agencies related to climate-related disclosures, claims, practices or initiatives, the EU’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, and California’s Climate-Related Financial Risk Act and the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act. Our processes and controls may not reflect evolving standards for identifying, measuring and reporting ESG matters, immediately or at all, our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others, and such standards may change over time, any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals or reported progress in achieving such goals. In addition, enhancements to our processes and controls to reflect evolving reporting standards may be costly and require additional resources.
Investor and other stakeholder expectations and standards for ESG practices are varied and evolving, and may be inconsistent with our ESG practices. It is not possible for our ESG practices to satisfy all investors and stakeholders, and our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner or acquiror could be negatively impacted. Similarly, our pursuit of ESG practices, as well as our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals, targets and objectives, or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could also have similar negative impacts and expose us to government enforcement actions, stakeholder criticism or negative campaigns, and private litigation.
We depend on relationships with third parties for sales and marketing performance, technology, development,