functional currency entities are translated into U.S. dollars using average currency exchange rates for the period. Assets and liabilities for such entities are translated using exchange rates that approximate the rate at the balance sheet date. Foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses on transactions not denominated in functional currency are recorded in Other (income) expense, net, on our Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Fair Value Measurements
We apply fair value accounting for all financial and non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. We define fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities which are required to be recorded at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, such as risks inherent in valuation techniques, transfer restrictions and credit risks.
We determine the fair value using the fair value hierarchy, which establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value, as follows:
•
Level 1 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
•
Level 2 inputs include observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the asset or liability; and
•
Level 3 inputs include unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the underlying asset or liability. Our Level 3 assets and liabilities include those whose fair value measurements are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar valuation techniques and significant management judgment or estimation.
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
In November 2023, Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2023-07 “Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures.” ASU 2023-07 requires incremental annual and quarterly disclosures about segment measures of profit or loss as well as significant segment expenditures. It also requires public entities with a single reportable segment to provide all segment disclosures required by the amendments in the update and all existing