(which, among other things, could prohibit U.S. executive agencies from contracting with, or expending loans or granting funds to, companies that use biotechnology equipment or services for certain activities from certain foreign-owned entities) and the ABC Safe Drug Act (which, among other things, could prohibit U.S. federal health care programs from purchasing drugs and drug ingredients manufactured in China), has the potential to adversely impact our ability to receive goods or services from such entities, including certain of which we use in connection with our clinical trials and our clinical and commercial manufacturing, which could increase the cost or limit the supply of material available to us, delay the procurement or supply of such material, delay or impact clinical trials and regulatory submissions, delay the launch of commercial products and adversely affect our financial condition and business prospects.
In addition, government price reporting and payment regulations are complex, and we are continually assessing the methods by which we calculate and report pricing in accordance with these obligations. Our methodologies for calculations are inherently subject to assumptions and may be subject to review and challenge by various government agencies, which may disagree with our interpretation. If the government disagrees with our reported calculations, we may need to restate previously reported data and could be subject to additional financial and legal liability.
There also continues to be enhanced scrutiny of company-sponsored patient assistance programs, including co-pay assistance programs and manufacturer donations to third-party charities that provide such assistance. There has also been enhanced scrutiny by governments on reimbursement support offerings and other patient support offerings, clinical education programs and promotional speaker programs. Despite our training and compliance program, our internal control policies and procedures may not protect us from unlawful acts committed by our employees or agents. If we, or our agents and vendors, are deemed to have failed to comply with laws, regulations or government guidance in any of these areas, we could be subject to criminal or civil sanctions. Any similar violations by our competitors could also negatively impact our industry’s reputation and increase scrutiny over our business and our products.
39
For a description of our government investigations and related litigation, see Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain and defend our patents and other intellectual property rights both domestically and internationally, and to operate without infringing upon the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties.
Patents and other proprietary rights are very important to our