delays in, or termination of, the research, development or commercialization of product candidates or result in litigation or arbitration;
•
contracts with our corporate partners may fail to provide significant protection or may fail to be effectively enforced if one of these partners fails to perform;
•
our corporate partners have considerable discretion in electing whether to pursue the development of any additional products and may pursue alternative technologies or products either on their own or in collaboration with our competitors;
•
our corporate partners with marketing rights may choose to pursue competing technologies or to devote fewer resources to the marketing of our products than they do to products of their own development; and
•
our distributors and our corporate partners may be unable to pay us.
Given these risks, there is a great deal of uncertainty regarding the success of our current and future collaborative efforts. If these efforts fail, our product development or commercialization of new products could be delayed or revenues from products could decline.
Due to the specialized and technical nature of our business, the failure to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel could adversely impact us.
Our future success will depend in large part on our continued ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical testing, governmental regulation and commercialization. Our ability to do so also depends in part on how well we maintain a strong workplace culture that is attractive to employees. In addition, competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense, and there is a limited pool of qualified potential employees to recruit. We face competition for personnel from other companies, universities, public and private research institutions, government entities and other organizations. Furthermore, changes to immigration and work authorization laws and regulations could make it more difficult for employees to work in or transfer to one of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Additionally, we periodically make adjustments, including to the size and composition of our workforce, to reflect our personnel needs in response to changing macroeconomic conditions, market opportunities, management changes, acquisitions, cost levels and other internal and external considerations, which may adversely impact our workplace culture and ability to retain and incentivize employees.
28
The failure to successfully implement or upgrade enterprise resource planning and other information systems could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
We periodically implement or upgrade new or enhanced enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) and other information systems in order to better manage our business operations, align our global organizations and enable future growth. Implementation or upgrade of new