third quarter of 2025. We have made various purchases of shares since the original closing of the agreement, including a purchase of shares at a premium for $
320
million in 2024 whereby we recorded $
233
million for the fair value of the equity investment in Prepaid and other current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and $
87
million for the premium in Other (income) expense, net on our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2024. Following this transaction, we owned a total of
30.1
million shares, which represented approximately
33
% of the issued and outstanding voting stock of Arcus at that time. As of December 31, 2024, we had
three
designees on Arcus’ board of directors.
Galapagos
In August 2019, we closed a
10-year
option, license and collaboration agreement (the “OLCA”) and a subscription agreement (the “Subscription Agreement”), each with Galapagos, a clinical-stage biotechnology company based in Belgium, pursuant to which the parties entered into a global collaboration that covers certain programs in Galapagos’ current and future product portfolio.
Under the OLCA, if we exercise our option to a program, we will pay a $
150
million option exercise fee per program. In addition, Galapagos will receive tiered royalties ranging from
20
% to
24
% on net sales in our territories of each Galapagos product optioned by us. If we exercise our option for a program, the parties will share equally in development costs and mutually agreed commercialization costs incurred subsequent to our exercise of the option. We may terminate the collaboration in its entirety or on a program-by-program and country-by-country basis with advance notice as well as following other customary termination events.
74
Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, we purchased new ordinary shares of Galapagos and were issued warrants that confer the right to subscribe, from time to time, for a number of new shares to be issued by Galapagos sufficient to bring the number of shares owned by us to
29.9
% of the issued and outstanding shares at the time of our exercises. We currently own
16.7
million shares or approximately
25.8
% of the shares issued and outstanding at the time of last purchase in 2019. We are subject to a
10-year
standstill restricting our ability to acquire voting securities of Galapagos exceeding more than
29.9
% of the then-issued and outstanding voting securities of Galapagos. We have
two
designees appointed to Galapagos’ board of directors as of December 31, 2024.
In January 2025, we agreed to amend the OLCA commensurate with Galapagos’ announcement for a planned separation of Galapagos into two entities: a newly to be formed company (to be named at a later date, herein “SpinCo”) with an initial capital allocation of up to approximately €
2.45
billion (approximately $
2.54
billion) and Galapagos. At the time of separation, should it occur, Galapagos’ and our rights and responsibilities under the OLCA would transfer to