issue recommendations to accelerate the approval of generics, biosimilars, combination products and second-in-class branded products; (4) work with Congress to amend the Medicare “negotiation” provisions of the IRA to align the treatment of small molecule prescription drugs with that of biological products; and (5) provide joint recommendations to the President on certain issues, such as Medicaid drug rebates, innovation in Medicaid drug payment methodologies and State drug spending. The specifics of these proposals are unclear and, as a result, there is uncertainty as to how these and other potential legal and regulatory changes may impact our business.
•
U.S. Department of Commerce recently initiated an investigation on imports of pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical ingredients, which may result in the current U.S. Presidential administration taking actions to impose potential tariffs or importation quotas in the pharmaceutical industry. Such tariffs or quotas could increase our manufacturing costs and adversely impact our supply chain resiliency and business competitiveness. The specific impact remains uncertain at this time and subject to the scope and duration of any tariffs and actions imposed under such an investigation as well as broader tariffs and actions outside of the pharmaceutical industry.
•
Actions by the current U.S. Presidential administration to reorganize federal health agencies and reduce funding for both domestic and international health programs and grants may adversely impact our business. Some of these initiatives may be subject to litigation or other challenge, increasing the uncertainty of their effects on our business.
A substantial portion of our product sales is subject to significant discounts from list price, including rebates that we may be required to pay state Medicaid agencies and discounts provided to covered entities under 340B. Changes to the 340B program or the Medicaid program at the federal or state level could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, changes to the calculation of rebates under the Medicaid program could substantially increase our Medicaid rebate obligations and decrease the prices we charge 340B-covered entities. In addition, the continued growth of the 340B program has had the unintended consequence of an increasingly out of scope percentage of sales at deeply discounted 340B prices due, in part, to pervasive violations of the program’s diversion and duplicate discount prohibitions. Detecting and remedying these program integrity violations is challenging.
In March 2022, we implemented a contract pharmacy integrity initiative for our branded hepatitis C virus (“HCV”) products. This integrity initiative does not involve any products from Asegua Therapeutics LLC. Our integrity initiative requires covered entities that enter into 340B bill to/ship to arrangements with contract pharmacies for our branded HCV products to provide claims level data for units dispensed from