approximately 90% of our product sales in the U.S. have been to three wholesalers, Cardinal Health, Inc., Cencora, Inc., and McKesson Corporation, and their specialty distributor affiliates. The U.S. wholesalers and distributors with whom we have entered into inventory management agreements make estimates to determine end-user demand and may not be accurate in matching their inventory levels to actual end-user demand. As a result, changes in inventory levels held by those wholesalers and distributors can cause our operating results to fluctuate unexpectedly if our sales to these wholesalers and distributors do not match end-user demand. In addition, inventory is held at retail and specialty pharmacies and other non-wholesaler/distributor locations with whom we have no inventory management agreements and no control over buying patterns. Adverse changes in economic conditions, increased competition or other factors may cause retail and specialty pharmacies to reduce their inventories of our products, which would reduce their orders from wholesalers and distributors and, consequently, the wholesalers’ and distributors’ orders from us, even if end-user demand has not changed. In addition, we have observed that strong wholesaler/distributor and sub-wholesaler/distributor purchases of our products in the second half of the year typically results in inventory draw-down by wholesalers/distributors and sub-wholesalers/distributors in the subsequent first quarter. As inventory in the distribution channel fluctuates from quarter to quarter, we may continue to see fluctuations in our earnings and a mismatch between prescription demand for our products and our revenues.
18
We face significant competition from global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms and generic drug manufacturers.
New branded or generic products entering major markets affects our ability to maintain pricing and market share. Our products compete with other available products based primarily on efficacy, safety, tolerability, acceptance by doctors, ease of patient compliance, ease of use, price, insurance and other reimbursement coverage, distribution and marketing. A number of companies are pursuing the development of products and technologies that may be competitive with our existing products or research programs. These competing companies include large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and specialized pharmaceutical firms acting either independently or together with other such companies. Furthermore, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private organizations conducting research may seek patent protection or may establish collaborative arrangements for competitive products or programs. We may be adversely impacted if any of these competitors gain market share as a result of new technologies, commercialization strategies or otherwise.
Our existing products are subject to reimbursement pressures from government