of world demand and higher average realized price.
Trodelvy
Trodelvy product sales decreased 5% to $293 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the same period in 2024, primarily due to inventory dynamics and lower average realized price, partially offset by higher demand.
Foreign Currency Exchange Impact
We generally face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily in the Euro. We use foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge a portion of our foreign currency exposures.
Approximat
ely 28% of our product sales were denominated in foreign currencies during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. Foreign currency exchange, net of hedges, had an unfavorable impact on our total product sales of $80 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025, based on a comparison using foreign currency exchange rates from the three months ended March 31, 2024.
Costs and Expenses
The following table summarizes our costs and expenses and period-over-period changes:
Product Gross Margin
Product gross margin remained relatively flat for the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the same period in 2024.
Research and Development Expenses
Research and development (“R&D”) expenses consist primarily of personnel costs including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense, infrastructure, materials and supplies and other support costs, research and clinical studies performed by contract research organizations and our collaboration partners and other outside services.
We manage our R&D expenses by identifying the R&D activities we expect to be performed during a given period and then prioritizing efforts based on scientific data, probability of successful technical development and regulatory approval, market potential, available human and capital resources and other considerations. We regularly review our R&D activities based on unmet medical need and, as necessary, reallocate resources among our internal R&D portfolio and external opportunities that we believe will best support the long-term growth of our business. We do not track total R&D expenses by product candidate, therapeutic area or development phase.
26
The following table provides a breakout of expenses by major cost type:
Research and development expenses decreased 9% to $1.4 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2025, compared to the same period in 2024.
Personnel, infrastructure and other support costs decreased mainly due to the impact of stock-based compensation expenses related to the acquisition of CymaBay during the three months ended March 31, 2024, which did not repeat
,
as well as lower restructuring costs.
Clinical studies and other costs decreased mainly due to lower spend on clinical manufacturing.
Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expenses
Acquired in-process research and development expenses are recorded when incurred and reflect costs of externally-developed IPR&D projects, acquired directly in a