receptors, for $
414
million in cash. As a result, MiroBio became our wholly-owned subsidiary.
We accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition and recorded a $
389
million charge to Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations in 2022. The remaining purchase price related to various other assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
7.
COLLABORATIONS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS
We enter into licensing and strategic collaborations and other similar arrangements with third parties for the research, development and commercialization of certain products and product candidates. The collaborations involve two or more parties who are active participants in the operating activities of the collaboration and are exposed to significant risks and rewards depending on the commercial success of the activities. The financial terms of these arrangements may include non-refundable upfront payments, expense reimbursements, payments by us for options to acquire certain rights, contingent obligations by us for potential development and regulatory milestone payments and/or sales-based milestone payments, royalty payments, revenue or profit-sharing arrangements and cost-sharing arrangements. Certain payments are contingent upon the occurrence of various future events that have a high degree of uncertainty. Development milestone payments are recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Operations as incurred. Regulatory milestone payments are capitalized as intangible assets and amortized to Cost of goods sold over the term of the respective collaboration arrangement. In conjunction with these arrangements, we occasionally purchase shares of the collaboration partner and record such equity investments in either Prepaid and other current assets or Other long-term assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, generally depending on marketability and whether the securities are subject to lock-up provisions.
72
Arcellx
In January 2023, we closed an agreement to enter into a global strategic collaboration with Arcellx, a public company, to co-develop and co-commercialize Arcellx’s lead late-stage product candidate, CART-ddBCMA, for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma, and potential future next-generation autologous and non-autologous products. In December 2023, we amended the agreement and expanded the scope of the collaboration to include lymphomas and exercised our option to negotiate a license for Arcellx’s ARC-SparX program, ACLX-001, in multiple myeloma. In conjunction with the collaboration, we recorded a combined $
313
million charge to Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations in 2023, primarily related to upfront payments. We also recorded a combined equity investment of $
299
million. Our equity investment is subject to lock-up provisions until June 2025 and is included in Prepaid and other current assets on our Consolidated