the time periods specified in U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of March 31, 2025.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated any changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended March 31, 2025, to identify any change that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. In August 2023, we began deploying a new enterprise resource planning system (“ERP”) as well as other related systems. We have made changes to our internal control over financial reporting to address the related processes and systems. We will continue to evaluate any further changes in our internal control over financial reporting over the course of the implementation of the new ERP and other related systems, which is scheduled to occur in phases over the next few years.
30
Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls
A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within a company have been detected. Accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system are met and, as set forth above, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded, based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system were met.
31
PART II.    OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
For a description of our significant pending legal proceedings, please see Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Item 1A.     RISK FACTORS
In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following discussion of material risks, events and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative or risky in addition to the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. A manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially and adversely affect