however, if no estimate in the range is better than any other, then we accrue the minimum amount in the range. If we determine that a material loss is reasonably possible, we disclose the possible loss or range of loss, or that the amount of loss cannot be estimated at this time.
Income Taxes
Our income tax provision is computed under the liability method. Significant estimates are required in determining our provision for income taxes. Some of these estimates are based on interpretations of applicable tax laws or regulations.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. We consider future taxable income, ongoing tax planning strategies and our historical financial performance in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. If we expect to realize deferred tax assets for which we have previously recorded a valuation allowance, we will reduce the valuation allowance in the period in which such determination is first made.
We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by tax authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements for a particular tax position is based on the largest benefit that is more likely than not to be realized. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits (“UTB”) is adjusted as appropriate for changes in facts and circumstances, such as significant amendments to existing tax law, new regulations or interpretations by tax authorities, new information obtained during a tax examination or resolution of an examination. We recognize both accrued interest and penalties, where appropriate, related to UTB in Income tax expense on our Consolidated Statements of Operations.
We have elected to account for the tax on Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income, enacted as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as a component of tax expense in the period in which the tax is incurred.
63
Stock Repurchases
We use the par value method of accounting for our stock repurchases made under repurchase programs. Under the par value method, we record the par value of the shares repurchased to Common stock and the historical issuance cost over par value of the shares repurchased to Additional paid-in capital. The excess of the cost of the shares repurchased over these two amounts is then recorded to Retained earnings
.
Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions
Our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in U.S. dollars. The functional currency for most of our foreign subsidiaries is their local currency. Revenues, expenses, gains and losses for non-U.S. dollar