could increase the cost or limit the supply of material available to us, delay the procurement or supply of such material, delay or impact clinical trials and regulatory submissions, delay the launch of commercial products and adversely affect our financial condition and business prospects.
In addition, government price reporting and payment regulations are complex, and we are continually assessing the methods by which we calculate and report pricing in accordance with these obligations. Our methodologies for calculations are inherently subject to assumptions and may be subject to review and challenge by various government agencies, which may disagree with our interpretation. If the government disagrees with our reported calculations, we may need to restate previously reported data and could be subject to additional financial and legal liability.
There also continues to be enhanced scrutiny of company-sponsored patient assistance programs, including co-pay assistance programs and manufacturer donations to third-party charities that provide such assistance. There has also been enhanced scrutiny by governments on reimbursement support offerings and other patient support offerings, clinical education programs and promotional speaker programs. Despite our training and compliance program, our internal control policies and procedures may not protect us from unlawful acts committed by our employees or agents. If we, or our agents and vendors, are deemed to have failed to comply with laws, regulations or government guidance in any of these areas, we could be subject to criminal or civil sanctions. Any similar violations by our competitors could also negatively impact our industry’s reputation and increase scrutiny over our business and our products.
For a description of our government investigations and related litigation, see Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain and defend our patents and other intellectual property rights both domestically and internationally, and to operate without infringing upon the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties.
Patents and other proprietary rights are very important to our business. As part of our business strategy, we actively seek patent protection both in the U.S. and internationally covering our compounds, products and technology. Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain patents and licenses to patent rights, enforce our patents and defend against infringement of our patents and efforts to invalidate them, operate without infringing on the intellectual property of others, and preserve trade secrets and internal know-how.
24
Our pending patent applications and the patent applications filed by our collaborative partners may not be able to prevent third parties from developing compounds or products