payable over an eight-year period. Federal income tax payable for transition tax was $
1.3
billion
and $
2.4
billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We anticipate making a payment for the remaining $
1.3
billion in 2025.
17.
SEGMENT INFORMATION
We have
one
operating segment which primarily focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative medicines in areas of unmet medical need. Our Chief Executive Officer, as the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”), manages and allocates resources to the operations of our company on an entity-wide basis, using Net income attributable to Gilead as the primary performance measure. Managing and allocating resources on this basis enables our CODM to assess the overall level of resources available and how to best deploy these resources across functions and R&D projects based on unmet medical need, scientific data, probability of technical and regulatory successful development, market potential and other considerations, and, as necessary, reallocate resources among our internal R&D portfolio and external opportunities to best support the long-term growth of our business.
Our CODM is regularly provided with entity-wide expense categories similar to those found on our Consolidated Statements of Operations, as well as the following:
Asset information is not regularly provided to the CODM for assessing performance and allocating resources other than consolidated cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities, which can be found on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
18.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
We have evaluated subsequent events and determined that there are no further events or transactions to be disclosed other than those already disclosed elsewhere in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
ITEM 9.
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
94
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Gilead Sciences, Inc.
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited Gilead Sciences, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Gilead Sciences, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended