emissions by 2050. Failure to sufficiently decarbonize or comply with climate-related requirements may threaten our ability to operate in certain geographies and negatively affect our business. Our suppliers and third-party manufacturers and corporate partners face similar transition risks that could have an adverse effect on our business.
While costs related to compliance with environmental regulations cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not currently anticipate that these costs will have a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position.
For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors “Climate change and natural disasters, as well as legal, regulatory, or market measures to address climate change, can negatively affect our business and operations.”
Other Information
We are subject to the information requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange Act”). Therefore, we file periodic reports, proxy and information statements and other information with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with SEC.
15
Our website is www.gilead.com. Through a link on the “Investors” page of our website (under the “Financials - SEC Filings” section), we make available the following filings free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to SEC: our Annual Reports on Form 10-K; Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; Current Reports on Form 8-K; and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
Website references are provided throughout this document for convenience. The content on the referenced websites does not constitute a part of and is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Our Executive Officers and Directors
The following tables list our executive officers and directors as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
Executive Officers
Directors
16
ITEM 1A.
RISK FACTORS
In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following discussion of material risks, events and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative or risky in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. A manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially and adversely affect our business and operations, growth, reputation (including the commercial or scientific reputation of our products), prospects, product pipeline and sales, operating and financial results, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors; our