lawsuit has been consolidated with the first lawsuit, with a single trial scheduled for October 2025. In October 2024, Cipla separately filed a petition at the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office (“USPTO”) for Inter Partes Review (IPR) of one of the patents at issue in District Court litigation. We intend to defend this patent at the USPTO.
In June 2023, we received a letter from Apotex indicating that it has submitted an ANDA to FDA requesting permission to market and manufacture a generic version of Genvoya. In July 2023, we filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Apotex in the U.S. District Court of Delaware and to enforce and defend our intellectual property. This case was consolidated with the Symtuza matters discussed above, and a trial was scheduled for February 2025. In February 2025, we entered into a settlement agreement with Apotex and its manufacturer of cobicistat on silicon dioxide, MSN, to resolve the litigation and patent challenges associated with Genvoya in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, Apotex and MSN were granted a non-exclusive license for Apotex’s ANDA product in the U.S. to certain of our patents on cobicistat on silicon dioxide and TAF relating to Genvoya beginning on August 6, 2032, or earlier in certain circumstances. The settlement agreement has been filed with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice as required by law.
Antitrust and Consumer Protection
We, along with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (“BMS”), Johnson & Johnson, Inc. (“Johnson & Johnson”), and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (“Teva”) have been named as defendants in class action lawsuits filed in 2019 and 2020 related to various drugs used to treat HIV, including drugs used in combination antiretroviral therapy. Plaintiffs allege that we (and the other defendants) engaged in various conduct to restrain competition in violation of federal and state antitrust laws and state consumer protection laws. The lawsuits, which have been consolidated, are pending in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. The lawsuits seek to bring claims on behalf of direct purchasers consisting largely of wholesalers and indirect or end-payor purchasers, including health insurers and individual patients. Plaintiffs seek damages, permanent injunctive relief and other relief. In the second half of 2021 and first half of 2022, several plaintiffs consisting of retail pharmacies, individual health plans and United Healthcare, filed separate lawsuits effectively opting out of the class action cases, asserting claims that are substantively the same as the classes. These cases have been coordinated with the class actions. In March 2023, the District Court granted our motion to hold separate trials as to (i) the allegations against us and Teva seeking monetary damages relating to Truvada and Atripla (“Phase I”) and (ii) the allegations against us and, in part, Johnson &