candidate is given to a small number of healthy human control subjects or patients suffering or at risk from the indicated disease, to test for safety, dose tolerance, pharmacokinetics, metabolism, distribution and excretion.
•
Phase 2. The drug candidate is given to a limited patient population to determine the effect of the drug candidate in treating or preventing the disease, the best dose of the drug candidate, and the possible side effects and safety risks of the drug candidate. It is not uncommon for a drug candidate that appears promising in Phase 1 clinical trials to fail in the more rigorous and extensive Phase 2 clinical trials.
•
Phase 3. If a drug candidate appears to be effective and have an appropriate safety profile in Phase 2 clinical trials, Phase 3 clinical trials are commenced to confirm those results. Phase 3 clinical trials are conducted over a longer term, involve a significantly larger population, are conducted at numerous sites in different geographic regions and are carefully designed to provide reliable and conclusive data regarding the safety and benefits of a drug candidate. It is not uncommon for a drug candidate that appears promising in Phase 2 clinical trials to fail in the more rigorous and extensive Phase 3 clinical trials.
FDA Approval Process
When we believe that the data from our clinical trials show an acceptable benefit-risk profile, we submit the appropriate filing, usually in the form of a New Drug Application, Biologics License Application or supplemental application, with FDA, seeking approval to sell the drug candidate for a particular use. At FDA’s discretion, FDA may hold a public hearing where an independent advisory committee of expert advisors asks additional questions and makes recommendations regarding the drug candidate. This committee makes a recommendation to FDA that is not binding but is generally followed by FDA. If FDA agrees that the drug has met the required level of safety and efficacy for a particular use, it will approve the application and allow us to sell the drug in the U.S. for that use. It is not unusual, however, for FDA to decline to approve an application because it believes that the drug candidate is not safe enough or efficacious enough (i.e., does not have an appropriate benefit-risk profile) or because it does not believe that the data submitted is reliable or conclusive.
At any point in this process, the development of a drug candidate can be stopped for a number of reasons, including safety concerns, lack of treatment benefit or manufacturing issues. We cannot be certain that any clinical trials that we are currently conducting or any that we conduct in the future will be completed successfully or within any specified time period. We may choose, or FDA may require us, to delay or suspend our clinical trials at any time if it appears that patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or if the drug candidate does not appear to have sufficient treatment