manufacturing facilities, through the manufacturing process, and back to the patient.
Pricing and Reimbursement Regulation
Health insurers, including government health authorities, generally provide reimbursement for the cost of our products and related treatments and medical services in the markets where we sell. In the U.S., the EU and other significant or potentially significant markets for our products and product candidates, government authorities limit or regulate the price of medical products and services. A significant portion of our sales of the majority of our products are subject to substantial discounts from their list prices, including rebates to Medicaid agencies or discounts to covered entities under Section 340B of the Public Health Service Act (“340B”). As a result, the price increases we implement from time to time on certain products may have a limited effect on our net product sales in certain markets. In addition, standard reimbursement structures may not adequately reimburse for innovative therapies.
For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors “Our existing products are subject to reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, required rebates and discounts, and other pricing pressures” and “We face challenges in accurately forecasting sales because of the difficulties in predicting demand for our products and fluctuations in purchasing patterns or wholesaler inventories.”
14
Health Care Fraud and Abuse / Anti-Bribery Regulation
We are subject to various U.S. federal and state laws pertaining to health care “fraud and abuse,” including anti-kickback laws and false claim laws. Anti-kickback laws make it illegal for a prescription drug manufacturer to knowingly and willingly solicit, offer, receive or pay any remuneration in exchange for, or to induce, the referral of business reimbursed by a federal healthcare program, including the purchase or prescription of a particular drug. False claims laws generally prohibit anyone from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment by federal and certain state payers (including Medicare and Medicaid), or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim. In addition, FDA regulates written and verbal communications about our products. In addition to federal law, states also have consumer protection and false claims laws. Due to the breadth of the statutory provisions and the attention being given to them by law enforcement authorities, our sales, marketing, patient support, medical, clinical and public affairs activities may be subject to scrutiny under these laws. For example, recently there has been enhanced scrutiny by government enforcement authorities of company-sponsored patient assistance programs, including co-pay assistance programs and manufacturer donations to third-party charities that provide such assistance, reimbursement