method of accounting, which generally requires that assets acquired, including IPR&D projects, and liabilities assumed be recorded at their fair values as of the acquisition date on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Any excess of consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. The determination of estimated fair value requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions. As a result, we may record adjustments to the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed within the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Transaction costs associated with business combinations are expensed as they are incurred.
Intangible assets related to IPR&D projects are considered to be indefinite-lived until the abandonment or completion of the associated R&D efforts, which generally occurs when regulatory approval is obtained. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized and, instead, are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the assets are impaired.
Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives, primarily on a straight-line basis, and are also periodically reviewed for changes in facts or circumstances resulting in a reduction to the estimated useful life of the asset, requiring the acceleration of amortization. See “Impairment of Long-Lived Assets” for additional information.
In determining the initial fair value of an intangible asset, or when quantitative analysis is required to determine any impairment, we use a probability-weighted income approach that discounts expected future cash flows to present value using a discount rate that is based on the estimated weighted-average cost of capital for companies with profiles similar to ours and represents the rate that market participants would use to value the intangible assets. These cash flow models require the use of Level 3 fair value measurements and inputs, including estimated revenues, which, for example, include significant inputs such as addressable patient population, treatment duration, projected market share, assessment of the asset’s life cycle, and competitive trends impacting the asset; costs and probability of technical and regulatory success, among other factors.
In connection with certain acquisitions, we may be required to pay future consideration that is contingent upon the achievement of specified development, regulatory approval or sales-based milestone events. We record contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. Each reporting period thereafter, we revalue these obligations and record increases or decreases in their fair value on our Consolidated Statements of Operations until such time that the payment is made. Increases or decreases in fair value of