Sheets
associated
with these restructuring charges, a majority of which we anticipate will be paid in the next 12 months.
Other (Income) Expense, Net
The following table summarizes the components of Other (income) expense, net:
17
9
.
DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES
The following table summarizes the carrying amount of our borrowings under various financing arrangements:
Senior Unsecured Notes
We are required to comply with certain covenants under our note indentures governing our senior unsecured notes. As of March 31, 2025, we were not in violation of any covenants. In February 2025, we repaid $
1.75
billion of principal balance related to our senior unsecured notes due at maturity.
Revolving Credit Facility
As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, there were
no
amounts outstanding under our $
2.5
billion revolving credit facility maturing in June 2029, and we were in compliance with all covenants.
18
10
.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Legal Proceedings
We are a party to various legal actions. Certain significant matters are described below. We recognize accruals for such actions to the extent that we conclude that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. We accrue for the best estimate of a loss within a range; however, if no estimate in the range is better than any other, then we accrue the minimum amount in the range. If we determine that a material loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the possible loss. Unless otherwise noted, the outcome of these matters either is not expected to be material or is not possible to determine such that we cannot reasonably estimate the maximum potential exposure or the range of possible loss. As of March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we had approximately $
220
million and $
242
million of accruals on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively, for the matters described herein, with approximately $
200
million accrued for a settlement with the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York that we entered into in April 2025.
Litigation with Generic Manufacturers
As part of the approval process for some of our products, FDA granted us a New Chemical Entity (“NCE”) exclusivity period during which other manufacturers’ applications for approval of generic versions of our products will not be approved. Generic manufacturers may challenge the patents protecting products that have been granted NCE exclusivity one year prior to the end of the NCE exclusivity period. Generic manufacturers have sought and may continue to seek FDA approval for a similar or identical drug through an abbreviated new drug application (“ANDA”), the application form typically used by manufacturers seeking approval of a generic drug. The sale of generic versions of our products prior to their patent expiration would have a significant negative effect on our revenues and results of operations. To seek approval for a generic version of a product having NCE