monetary damages and injunctive relief relating to Complera (“Phase II”). In May 2023, we settled claims with the direct purchaser class and the retailer opt-out plaintiffs for $
525
million, which we paid in the second half of 2023. The settlement agreements are not an admission of liability or fault by us. In June 2023, the jury returned a complete verdict in Gilead’s favor on the remaining plaintiffs’ Phase I allegations. In November 2023, the court denied plaintiffs’ motion to set aside the verdict, and in February 2024, the court entered final judgment on the Phase I verdict and certain summary judgment rulings. In September 2024, plaintiffs filed their opening appellate briefs challenging the Phase I verdict and those summary judgment rulings. We filed our responsive briefs in January 2025. Plaintiffs filed their reply briefs in March 2025. The court has stayed Phase II pending the appeal of Phase I. While we intend to vigorously oppose the appeal and defend against the Phase II claims, we cannot predict the ultimate outcome. If plaintiffs are successful in their appeal or Phase II claims, we could be required to pay monetary damages or could be subject to permanent injunctive relief in favor of plaintiffs.
19
In January 2022, we, along with BMS and Janssen Products, L.P., were named as defendants in a lawsuit filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of San Mateo, by Aetna, Inc. on behalf of itself and its affiliates and subsidiaries that effectively opts the Aetna plaintiffs out of the above class actions. The allegations are substantively the same as those in the class actions. The Aetna plaintiffs seek damages, permanent injunctive relief and other relief. In March 2024, the court denied our motion for judgment on the pleadings to preclude Aetna from re-litigating claims that were dismissed at summary judgment in the above class action cases. We filed a writ petition appealing the denial of our motion for judgment on the pleadings, which the appellate court denied in May 2024. In April 2024, the court granted our motion to bifurcate the case to adjudicate the issue of preclusion before litigating the merits of the case. In July 2024, Aetna filed a request to voluntarily dismiss
two
of its claims with prejudice, which the court subsequently granted, leaving only the claims related to Truvada and Atripla. In September 2024, Aetna filed an amended complaint with respect to these claims. In October 2024, we filed a demurrer and motion to strike plaintiff’s claims. In April 2025, the court overruled the demurrer and stated in its order that an immediate appeal is warranted.
In February 2021, we, along with BMS and Teva, were named as defendants in a lawsuit filed in the First Judicial District Court for the State of New Mexico, County of Santa Fe by the New Mexico Attorney General. The New Mexico Attorney General alleges that we (and the other defendants) restrained competition in violation of New Mexico antitrust and