a highly competitive environment. Our products compete with other commercially available products based primarily on efficacy, safety, tolerability, acceptance by doctors, ease of patient compliance, ease of use, price, insurance and other reimbursement coverage, distribution and marketing. We also face significant competition from: (i) large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and specialized pharmaceutical firms acting either independently or together with other such companies to pursue the development of products and technologies that may be competitive with our existing products or research programs; (ii) academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private organizations conducting research who may seek patent protection or may establish collaborative arrangements for competitive products or programs; (iii) pricing pressures from private insurers and government payers as our products mature, which often result in a reduction of the net product prices; and (iv) new branded or generic products introduced into major markets, which may impact our ability to maintain pricing and market share.
For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors “We face significant competition from global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms and generic drug manufacturers.”
Research and Development
Our research and development (“R&D”) mission is to discover and develop transformational therapies in areas of high unmet medical need. Our product development efforts are focused primarily on viral diseases, cancer and inflammatory diseases. Our team of research scientists is engaged in the discovery and development of new molecules and technologies that we hope will lead to the approval of innovative medicines and therapies that will transform care for people around the world. We have committed significant resources to internal R&D opportunities and external business development activity to drive innovation and growth of our business. We extensively outsource our clinical trial activities and usually perform only a small portion of start-up activities in-house. We rely on third-party contract research organizations to perform most of our clinical studies, including document preparation, site identification, screening and preparation, pre-study visits, training, program management, patient enrollment, ongoing monitoring, site management and bioanalysis.
The development of product candidates and investigational therapies in our pipeline is subject to various risks and uncertainties that could result in delays or prevent completion of the development and approval of our product candidates. For more information about these risks and uncertainties, see Item 1A. Risk Factors “We face risks in our clinical trials, including the potential for unfavorable results, delays in anticipated timelines and disruption.” Drug development is inherently risky, and many product candidates and investigational therapies fail