including the cost of electricity and energy. For example, over 80 countries committed to the United Nations COP26 Health Programme’s initiatives on climate resilient and low carbon sustainable health systems. As such, there is an increasing expectation for the health sector to implement commitments to decarbonize and achieve net zero emissions by 2050, and we may be required to incur material costs in order to do so. Failure to sufficiently decarbonize or comply with climate-related requirements may threaten our ability to operate in certain geographies and negatively affect our business. At the same time, we may also face negative impacts from stakeholders who do not support climate-related initiatives or concerns. Regulatory efforts, both internationally and in the U.S., are evolving, including the international alignment of such efforts, and we cannot determine what final regulations will be enacted, modified or reversed or what their ultimate impact on our business will be. Our suppliers and third-party manufacturers and corporate partners face similar transition risks that could have an adverse effect on our business.
Our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to corporate responsibility matters expose us to numerous risks, including risks to our reputation and stock price.
Some institutional and individual investors continue to use environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) screening criteria to determine whether Gilead qualifies for inclusion in their investment portfolios. We are frequently asked by investors and other stakeholders to set ambitious ESG goals and provide new and more robust disclosure on goals, progress toward goals and other matters of interest to ESG stakeholders. In response, we have adapted the tracking and reporting of our corporate responsibility program to various evolving ESG frameworks, and we have established and announced goals and other objectives related to ESG matters. These goal statements reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our efforts to accomplish and accurately report on these goals and objectives present numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal and other risks, any of which could have a material negative impact, including on our reputation and stock price.
Our ability to achieve any corporate responsibility goal or objective is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include: (1) the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources and technologies, (2) evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG standards or disclosures, (3) the availability of suppliers that can meet our corporate responsibility and related standards, (4) our ability to recruit, develop and retain qualified talent in our labor markets and (5) the impact of our organic growth and acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or operations.
27
The standards for tracking and reporting