liability through private actions (subject to statutorily defined damages in the event of certain data breaches) and government enforcement. Other changes or new laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of personal information, could greatly increase our cost of providing our products and services or even prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions in which we operate.
Strategic and Financial Risks
We are subject to risks associated with engaging in business acquisitions, licensing arrangements, collaborations, options, equity investments, asset divestitures and other strategic transactions.
We have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, such transactions as part of our business strategy. We may not identify suitable transactions in the future and, if we do, we may not complete such transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, including the possibility that a governmental entity or regulatory body may delay or refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction. If we are successful in making an acquisition or closing a licensing arrangement or collaboration, the products, intellectual property and technologies that are acquired or licensed may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than anticipated. As required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, we conduct annual impairment testing of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets in the fourth quarter or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the assets are impaired. We have in the past and may in the future need to recognize impairment charges related to the products, intellectual property and technologies that are acquired or licensed as a result of such testing. For example, we recorded partial impairment charges during the three months ended March 31, 2024 in connection with our Phase 3 EVOKE-01 study evaluating sacituzumab govitecan-hziy and during the three months ended September 30, 2024 following the strategic decision to discontinue our clinical development program in metastatic NSCLC for Trodelvy in the second-line indication (for more information, see Note 9. Goodwill and Intangible Assets of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). We also continue to monitor the progression of our in-process research and development assets related to sacituzumab govitecan-hziy for non-small cell lung cancer and bulevirtide for chronic hepatitis D virus for treatment primarily in the U.S. and may need to evaluate these items for impairment prior to the fourth quarter if there are any events or circumstances in our ongoing development activities indicating it is more like than not that these assets might be impaired. For option structured deals, there is no assurance that we will elect to exercise our option right, and it is