rating of our senior unsecured notes below investment grade by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and S&P Global Ratings, the holders may require us to purchase all or a portion of their notes at a price equal to
101
% of the aggregate principal amount of the notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. We are required to comply with certain covenants under our note indentures governing our senior unsecured notes. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we were not in violation of any covenants.
82
Liability Related to Future Royalties
In connection with our acquisition of Immunomedics, we assumed a liability related to a funding arrangement, which was originally entered into by Immunomedics and RPI Finance Trust (“RPI”), prior to our acquisition of Immunomedics. Under the funding agreement, RPI has the right to receive certain royalty amounts, subject to certain reductions, based on the net sales of Trodelvy for each calendar quarter during the term of the agreement through approximately 2036. The liability is amortized using the effective interest rate method, resulting in recognition of interest expense over
16
years. The estimated timing and amount of future expected royalty payments over the estimated term will be re-assessed each reporting period. The impact from changes in estimates will be recognized in the liability and the related interest expense prospectively.
Revolving Credit Facilities
In June 2024, we terminated our $
2.5
billion revolving credit facility maturing in June 2025 (the “2020 Revolving Credit Facility”) and entered into a new $
2.5
billion revolving credit facility maturing in June 2029 (the “2024 Revolving Credit Facility”), which has terms substantially similar to the 2020 Revolving Credit Facility. The 2024 Revolving Credit Facility can be used for working capital requirements and for general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, acquisitions. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were
no
amounts outstanding under these revolving credit facilities.
The 2024 Revolving Credit Facility contains customary representations, warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. As of December 31, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants. Loans under the 2024 Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at either (i) Term SOFR plus the Applicable Percentage, (ii) the Alternative Currency Term Rate plus the Applicable Percentage, or (iii) the Base Rate plus the Applicable Percentage, each as defined in the 2024 Revolving Credit Facility agreement. We may terminate or reduce the commitments and may prepay any loans under the 2024 Revolving Credit Facility in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty.
Contractual Maturities of Financing Obligations
The following table summarizes the aggregate future principal maturities of our senior unsecured notes as of December 31, 2024:
12.
LEASES
Our operating leases consist primarily of properties and equipment for our