currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for our 2019 to 2021 tax years. There are differing interpretations of tax laws and regulations, and as a result, significant disputes may arise with these tax authorities involving issues on the timing and amount of deductions and allocations of income among various tax jurisdictions. We periodically evaluate our exposures associated with our tax filing positions.
21
13.
SEGMENT INFORMATION
We have
one
operating segment which primarily focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative medicines in areas of unmet medical need. Our Chief Executive Officer, as the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”), manages and allocates resources to the operations of our company on an entity-wide basis, using Net income (loss) attributable to Gilead as the primary performance measure. Managing and allocating resources on this basis enables our CODM to assess the overall level of resources available and how to best deploy these resources across functions and research and development (“R&D”) projects based on unmet medical need, scientific data, probability of technical and regulatory successful development, market potential and other considerations, and, as necessary, reallocate resources among our internal R&D portfolio and external opportunities to best support the long-term growth of our business.
Our CODM is regularly provided with entity-wide expense categories similar to those found on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, as well as the following:
Asset information is not regularly provided to the CODM for assessing performance and allocating resources other than consolidated cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities, which can be found on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.
14.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
We have evaluated subsequent events and determined that there are no further events or transactions to be disclosed other than those already disclosed elsewhere in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
22
Item 2.    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion and analysis is intended to provide material information around events and uncertainties known to management that are relevant to an assessment of the financial condition and results of operations of Gilead and should therefore be read in conjunction with our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes thereto and other disclosures included as part of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and the related notes thereto and other disclosures (including the disclosures under Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors) included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Management Overview
Gilead Sciences, Inc. (including its