business processes and information systems requires the commitment of significant personnel, training and financial resources, and entails risks to our business operations. If we do not successfully implement ERP and other information systems improvements, or if there are delays or difficulties in implementing these systems, we may not realize anticipated productivity improvements or cost efficiencies, and we may experience operational difficulties and challenges in effectively managing our business, all of which could result in quality issues, reputational harm, lost market and revenue opportunities, and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
For example, we are currently in the process of implementing new ERP and other information systems to help us manage our operations and financial reporting. Costs and risks inherent in this transition may include disruptions to business continuity, administrative and technical problems, interruptions or delays in sales, manufacturing or R&D processes, expenditure overruns, delays in paying our suppliers and employees, and data migration issues. If we do not properly address or mitigate these issues, this could result in increased costs and diversion of resources, negatively impacting our operating results and ability to effectively manage our business. Additionally, if we do not effectively implement the ERP system as planned, or the ERP system does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be negatively affected.
Information system service interruptions or breaches, including significant cybersecurity incidents, could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws and adversely affect our business and operations.
We are dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data. For example, our Kite Konnect platform is critical to maintain chain of identity and chain of custody for our cell therapies. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, including those caused by failures during system upgrades or implementations, user error, network or hardware failure, malicious intrusion and ransomware attack. Likewise, data privacy or cybersecurity incidents or breaches by employees or others, including the unauthorized use of artificial intelligence tools, can result in the exposure of sensitive data, including our intellectual property or trade secrets or the personal information of our employees, patients, customers or other business partners to unauthorized persons or to the public. If our information systems or third-party information systems on which we rely suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown, including during upgrades or new implementations, and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience delays