between the U.S. dollar and various foreign currencies, the most significant of which is the Euro. When the U.S. dollar strengthens against these currencies, the relative value of sales made in the respective foreign currency decreases. Conversely, when the U.S. dollar weakens against these currencies, the relative value of such sales increases. Overall, we are a net receiver of foreign currencies and, therefore, we benefit from a weaker U.S. dollar and are adversely affected by a stronger U.S. dollar.
Approximately 27% of our product sales were denominated in foreign currencies during 2024. To partially mitigate the impact of changes in currency exchange rates on net cash flows from our foreign currency denominated sales, we enter into foreign currency exchange forward contracts. We also hedge certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, which reduces but does not eliminate our exposure to currency fluctuations between the date a transaction is recorded and the date that cash is collected or paid. In general, the market risks of these contracts are offset by corresponding gains and losses on the transactions being hedged.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had open foreign currency forward contracts with notional amounts of $2.9 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively. A hypothetical 10% adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates compared with the U.S. dollar relative to exchange rates as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 would have resulted in a reduction in fair value of these contracts of approximately $364 million and $328 million, respectively, and if realized, would have negatively affected earnings over the remaining life of the contracts. The analysis does not consider the impact that hypothetical changes in foreign currency exchange rates would have on anticipated transactions that these foreign currency sensitive instruments were designed to offset.
Interest Rate Risk
We occasionally invest in available-for-sale debt securities, adhering to a policy that requires us to limit invested amounts based on credit rating, maturity, industry group and investment type and issuer, except for securities issued by the U.S. government. The goals of our investment policy, in order of priority, are as follows:
•
safety and preservation of principal and diversification of risk;
•
liquidity of investments sufficient to meet cash flow requirements; and
•
a competitive after-tax rate of return.
The fair value of any available-for-sale debt securities is subject to change as a result of potential changes in market interest rates. However, primarily due to the typically short-term nature of our portfolio, we do not believe that future market risks, including a hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in interest rates related to any securities, would have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity.
Our senior unsecured notes have fixed interest rates. As such, there is no