that we will continue to file, for marketing approval in additional countries and for additional indications and products. These and any future marketing applications we file may not be approved by the regulatory authorities on a timely basis, or at all. For example, in October 2022, we announced that FDA issued a complete response letter for our Biologics License Application for bulevirtide for the treatment of adults with hepatitis delta virus infection. Even if marketing approval is granted for our product candidates, there may be significant limitations on their use. We cannot state with certainty when or whether any of our product candidates under development will be approved or launched; whether we will be able to develop, license or acquire additional product candidates or products; or whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful.
Further, how we manufacture and sell our products is subject to extensive regulation and review. For example, under FDA rules, we are often required to conduct post-approval clinical studies to assess a known serious risk, signals of serious risk or to identify an unexpected serious risk. In certain circumstances, we may be required to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program for our products, which could include a medication guide, patient package insert, a communication plan to healthcare providers, restrictions on distribution or use of a product and other elements FDA deems necessary to assure safe use of the drug. Discovery of previously unknown problems with our marketed products or product candidates, including serious safety, resistance or drug interaction issues, or problems with our manufacturing, safety reporting or promotional activities, may result in regulatory approvals being delayed, denied or granted with significant restrictions on our products, including limitations on or the withdrawal of the products from the market.
As additional studies are conducted after obtaining marketing approval for our products, and as our products are used over longer periods of time by many patients, including patients with underlying health problems or those taking other medicines, we expect to continue finding new issues related to safety, resistance or drug interactions. Any such issues may require changes to our product labels, such as additional warnings, contraindications or even narrowed indications, or the halt of product sales.
Regulatory authorities have been moving towards more active and transparent pharmacovigilance and are making greater amounts of stand-alone safety information and clinical trial data directly available to the public through websites and other means, such as periodic safety update report summaries, risk management plan summaries and various adverse event data. Safety information, without the appropriate context and expertise, may be misinterpreted and lead to misperception or legal action.
Failure to comply with these or other requirements