monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in a non-functional currency are not designated as hedges. The derivative instruments we use to hedge our exposures for forecasted product sales are designated as cash flow hedges and have maturities of
18
months or less.
We held foreign currency exchange contracts with outstanding notional amounts of $
2.9
billion and $
2.5
billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
While all our derivative contracts allow us the right to offset assets and liabilities, we have presented amounts in our Consolidated Balance Sheets on a gross basis.
The following table summarizes the classification and fair values of derivative instruments, including the potential effect of offsetting:
70
The following table summarizes the effect of our derivative contracts on our Consolidated Financial Statements:
The majority of gains and losses related to the hedged forecasted transactions reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income as of December 31, 2024 are expected to be reclassified to Product sales within
12
months. There were
no
discontinuances of cash flow hedges for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
The cash flow effects of our derivative contracts for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were included within Net cash provided by operating activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
6.
ACQUISITIONS
CymaBay
In March 2024,
we completed the acquisition of CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc. (“CymaBay”) for total consideration of $
3.9
billion, net of cash acquired. Upon closing, CymaBay became our wholly-owned subsidiary.
We accounted for this transaction as an asset acquisition since the lead asset, seladelpar, an investigational, oral, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor delta agonist shown to regulate critical metabolic and liver disease pathways, represented substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired. In 2024, we recorded a $
3.8
billion charge, representing an acquired IPR&D asset with no alternative future use, to Acquired in-process research and development expenses, as well as share-based compensation expense of $
133
million related to the cash settlement of unvested CymaBay employee stock awards attributable to post-acquisition services, with $
67
million being recorded in Research and development expenses and $
67
million in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. In connection with this acquisition, we recorded $
333
million of assets acquired, primarily consisting of net deferred tax assets, and $
228
million of liabilities assumed, primarily related to an assumed financing arrangement which we subsequently settled during the year through various payments totaling $
209
million.
In July 2024, we paid $
320
million to Janssen Pharmaceutica NV to extinguish a future royalty obligation related to seladelpar, which was recorded to Acquired in-process research and development