and
•
$60 million Compugen Ltd. licensing agreement.
See Note 6. Acquisitions and Note 7. Collaborations and Other Arrangements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
In-Process Research and Development Impairments
As of December 31, 2023, our indefinite-lived IPR&D intangible asset related to Trodelvy for metastatic NSCLC was approximately $5.9 billion. In addition to NSCLC, Trodelvy is being explored for potential investigational use in a range of tumor types where Trop-2 is highly expressed. Gilead’s clinical development program in metastatic NSCLC includes ongoing Phase 2 and registrational Phase 3 studies for Trodelvy as a first- or second-line indication.
In January 2024, we received data from our Phase 3 EVOKE-01 study of Trodelvy evaluating sacituzumab govitecan-hziy (“SG”) indicating that the study did not meet its primary endpoint of overall survival in previously treated metastatic NSCLC, thus triggering a review for potential impairment of the NSCLC IPR&D intangible asset. Based on our evaluation of the study results and all other data currently available, and in connection with the preparation of the financial statements for the first quarter, we performed an interim impairment test and determined that the revised estimated fair value of the NSCLC IPR&D intangible asset was below its carrying value. As a result, we recognized a partial impairment charge of $2.4 billion in In-process research and development impairments on our Consolidated Statements of Operations during the first quarter of 2024.
In September 2024, based on discussions with regulators and external opinion leaders and the completed evaluation of the Phase 3 EVOKE-01 study data, we made a strategic decision to discontinue our clinical development program in metastatic NSCLC for Trodelvy in the second-line indication. This decision triggered a review for potential impairment of the NSCLC IPR&D intangible asset. Based on our evaluation, and in connection with the preparation of the financial statements for the third quarter, we performed an interim impairment test and determined that the revised estimated fair value of the NSCLC IPR&D intangible asset was below its carrying value. As a result, we recognized a partial impairment charge of $1.8 billion in In-process research and development impairments on our Consolidated Statements of Operations during the third quarter of 2024.
To arrive at the revised estimated fair value, we used a probability-weighted income approach that discounts expected future cash flows to present value, which requires the use of Level 3 fair value measurements and inputs, including critical estimated inputs, such as: revenues and operating profits related to the planned utilization of SG in NSCLC, which, include inputs such as addressable patient population, projected market share, treatment duration, and the life of the potential commercialized product;