example, as part of a U.S. civil enforcement lawsuit in coordination with law enforcement, and pursuant to court order, we seized thousands of bottles of Gilead-labeled medication with counterfeit supply chain documentation. Our investigation revealed that pharmaceutical distributors that are not authorized by Gilead to sell Gilead medicine sold purportedly genuine Gilead medicine sourced from an illegal counterfeiting scheme to independent pharmacies nationwide.
Illegally diverted and counterfeit versions of Gilead-branded medicines exist and may pose a serious risk to patient health and safety. Our actions to stop or prevent the distribution and sale of illegally diverted and counterfeit versions of our medicines around the world may be costly and unsuccessful, which may adversely affect patients and our reputation and business, including our product revenues and financial results.
Product Development and Supply Chain Risks
We face risks in our clinical trials, including the potential for unfavorable results, delays in anticipated timelines and disruption.
We are required to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of product candidates that we develop for each intended use through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials. The results from these studies do not always accurately predict results in later, large-scale clinical trials. Even successfully completed large-scale clinical trials may not result in marketable products.
We face numerous risks and uncertainties with our clinical trials that could result in delays or prevent completion of the development and approval of our product candidates, including challenges in clinical trial protocol design, our ability to enroll patients in clinical trials, the possibility of unfavorable or inadequate trial results to support further development of our product candidates, including failure to meet a trial’s primary endpoint, safety issues arising from our clinical trials, and the need to modify or delay our clinical trials or to perform additional trials. For example, in January 2024, we announced that our Phase 3 EVOKE-01 study evaluating sacituzumab govitecan-hziy did not meet its primary endpoint of overall survival in previously treated metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”), which resulted in us recording an impairment charge during the three months ended March 31, 2024. In September 2024, we decided to discontinue our clinical development program in NSCLC for the second-line indication, resulting in us recording an impairment charge during the three months ended September 30, 2024 (for more information, see Note 9. Goodwill and Intangible Assets of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). In May 2024, we provided an update that (i) our Phase 3 TROPiCs-04 study did not meet its primary endpoint, which was a confirmatory study required in connection with the accelerated approval of sacituzumab govitecan-hziy for