transfer to one of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Additionally, we periodically make adjustments, including to the size and composition of our workforce, to reflect our personnel needs in response to changing macroeconomic conditions, market opportunities, management changes, acquisitions, cost levels and other internal and external considerations, which may adversely impact our workplace culture and ability to retain and incentivize employees.
The failure to successfully implement or upgrade enterprise resource planning and other information systems could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
We periodically implement or upgrade new or enhanced enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) and other information systems in order to better manage our business operations, align our global organizations and enable future growth. Implementation or upgrade of new business processes and information systems requires the commitment of significant personnel, training and financial resources, and entails risks to our business operations. If we do not successfully implement ERP and other information systems improvements, or if there are delays or difficulties in implementing these systems, we may not realize anticipated productivity improvements or cost efficiencies, and we may experience operational difficulties and challenges in effectively managing our business, all of which could result in quality issues, reputational harm, lost market and revenue opportunities, and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
For example, we are currently in the process of implementing new ERP and other information systems to help us manage our operations and financial reporting. Costs and risks inherent in this transition may include disruptions to business continuity, administrative and technical problems, interruptions or delays in sales, manufacturing or R&D processes, expenditure overruns, delays in paying our suppliers and employees, and data migration issues. If we do not properly address or mitigate these issues, this could result in increased costs and diversion of resources, negatively impacting our operating results and ability to effectively manage our business. Additionally, if we do not effectively implement the ERP system as planned, or the ERP system does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be negatively affected.
Information system service interruptions or breaches, including significant cybersecurity incidents, could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws and adversely affect our business and operations.
We are dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data. For example, our Kite Konnect platform is critical to maintain chain of identity and chain of custody for our cell therapies. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently