support offerings, clinical education programs and promotional speaker programs. Similarly, in Europe, interactions between pharmaceutical companies and physicians are subject to strict laws, regulations, industry self‑regulation codes of conduct and physicians’ codes of professional conduct, as applicable, including the EU member states anti-corruption laws and the UK Bribery Act 2010.
In addition, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. In certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices or may require us to interact with doctors and hospitals, some of which may be state controlled, in a manner that is different than local custom.
We have implemented trainings and programs geared toward compliance with these laws. Violations of fraud and abuse laws or anti-bribery laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, as well as the possibility of exclusion from federal health care programs (including Medicare and Medicaid). Violations can also lead to the imposition of a Corporate Integrity Agreement or similar government oversight program, even if we disagree with the government’s perspective that we have violated any rules or guidance.
For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors “We are impacted by evolving laws, regulations and legislative or regulatory actions applicable to the healthcare industry.”
Environmental Regulation
We are subject to a number of laws and regulations that require compliance with federal, state and local regulations for the protection of the environment. Growing concern regarding climate change has resulted in an evolving legal and regulatory landscape, with new requirements enacted to prevent, mitigate or adapt to the implications of climate change. These regulations, which can differ across jurisdictions, subject us to many transition risks, including, for example, new or expanded carbon pricing or taxes, increased compliance costs, restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions, investment in new technologies, increased carbon disclosure and transparency, investments in data gathering and reporting systems, upgrades of facilities to meet new building codes and the redesign of utility systems, which could increase the company’s operating costs, including the cost of electricity and energy. For example, over 80 countries committed to the United Nations COP26 Health Programme’s initiatives on climate resilient and low carbon sustainable health systems. As such, there is an increasing expectation for the health sector to implement commitments to decarbonize and achieve net zero