2001/20/EC and Directive 2005/28/EC and the ICH Good Clinical Practice guidelines. These impose legal and regulatory obligations that are similar to those provided in applicable U.S. laws. The conduct of clinical trials in the EU must be approved by the competent authorities of each EU member states in which the clinical trials take place, and a positive opinion must be obtained from the relevant Ethics Committee in the relevant member state. In 2014, the EU legislator adopted Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 to replace Directive 2001/20/EC and to introduce a coordinated procedure for authorization of clinical trials. This Regulation entered into application in January 2022.
Marketing authorization holders, manufacturers, importers, wholesalers and distributors of medicinal products placed on the market in the EU are required to comply with a number of regulatory requirements including pharmacovigilance, manufacturing compliance and the requirement to obtain manufacturing, import and/or distribution licenses issued by the competent authorities of the EU member states. Failure to comply with these requirements may lead to the imposition of civil, criminal or administrative sanctions, including suspension of marketing or manufacturing authorizations.
Manufacturing Regulation
The manufacturing process for pharmaceutical products is highly regulated and regulators may shut down manufacturing facilities that they observe are not complying with regulations. We, our CMOs and our corporate partners are subject to current Good Manufacturing Practices (“cGMP”), which are extensive regulations governing manufacturing processes, stability testing, record keeping and quality standards as defined by FDA and EMA. Similar regulations are in effect in other jurisdictions. Suppliers of key components and materials must be named in the new drug application or marketing authorization application filed with the regulatory authority for any product candidate for which we are seeking marketing approval, and significant delays can occur if the qualification of a new supplier is required. Even after our facilities or a third-party supplier is qualified by the regulatory authority, time, money and effort must continue to be expended in the area of production and quality control to maintain full compliance with cGMP. Our manufacturing operations and third-party suppliers are subject to regular periodic inspections by regulatory authorities following initial approval.
For our cell therapy products, we are required by FDA to comply with the Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program, which includes educating and certifying medical personnel regarding the therapy procedures and the potential side effect profile of our therapy, such as the potential adverse side effects related to cytokine release syndrome and neurologic toxicities. Additionally, we are required to maintain a complex chain of identity and custody with respect to patient material as such material moves to the