the contingent consideration liabilities can result from updates to assumptions such as the expected timing or probability of achieving the specified milestones, changes in projected revenues or changes in discount rates.
62
When we determine net assets acquired do not meet the definition of a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting, the transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition and, therefore, no goodwill is recorded and contingent consideration generally is not recognized at the acquisition date. In an asset acquisition, upfront payments allocated to IPR&D projects at the acquisition date and subsequent pre-commercialization milestone payments are expensed as incurred on our Consolidated Statements of Operations unless there is an alternative future use.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever facts or circumstances either internally or externally may indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Should there be an indication of impairment, we test for recoverability by comparing the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset over its useful life to the carrying amount of the asset or asset group. If the asset or asset group is determined to be impaired, any excess of the carrying value of the asset or asset group over its estimated fair value is recognized as an impairment loss.
Derivatives
We recognize all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Unrealized changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as part of a hedge transaction are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income. For our hedges related to forecasted product sales, the unrealized gains or losses in Accumulated other comprehensive income are reclassified into Product sales on our Consolidated Statements of Operations when the respective hedged transactions affect earnings. Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are not part of a hedge transaction are recorded each period in Other (income) expense, net on our Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Using regression analysis, we assess, both at inception and on an ongoing basis, whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are effective in offsetting the changes in cash flows or fair values of the hedged items. If we determine that a forecasted transaction is probable of not occurring, we discontinue hedge accounting for the affected portion of the hedge instrument, and any related unrealized gain or loss on the contract is recognized in Other (income) expense, net on our Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Contingencies
We recognize accruals for loss contingencies to the extent that we conclude that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. We accrue the best estimate of loss within a range;