in reporting our financial results, and we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our inability to timely manufacture, distribute, invoice and collect payments.
Cybersecurity attacks and incidents are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity. Malicious actors seek to steal money, gain unauthorized access to, destroy or manipulate data, and disrupt operations, and some of their attacks may not be recognized or discovered until after a significant period of time well after initial entry into the environment, such as novel or zero-day attacks that are launched before patches are available and defenses can be readied. Malicious actors are also increasingly developing methods to avoid prevention, detection and alerting capabilities, including employing counter-forensic tactics making response activities more difficult. Such attacks and incidents include, for example, the deployment of harmful malware, exploitation of vulnerabilities, computer viruses, key loggers, ransomware, denial-of-service, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and operations and threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. Recent developments in the threat landscape include the use of increasingly sophisticated and evolving artificial intelligence and machine learning tools. Our business and technology partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture.
Like many companies, we have experienced and expect to continue to be the target of cybersecurity incidents, including data breaches and temporary service interruptions. When cybersecurity incidents occur, our policy is to respond and address them in accordance with applicable governmental regulations and other legal requirements, including our cybersecurity protocols. There can be no assurance that our efforts in response to cybersecurity incidents, as well as our investments to protect our information technology infrastructure and data, will shield us from significant losses, brand and reputational harm and potential liability or prevent any future interruption or breach of our systems. Such cybersecurity incidents can cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, including personal information, and could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws. Financial, legal, business, or reputational losses may result from a cybersecurity incident or breach of our information technology systems.
29
Regulators globally are also imposing data privacy and security requirements, such as EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and other domestic data privacy and security laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and the California Privacy Rights Act. These and other similar types of laws and regulations that have been or may be passed, often include requirements with respect to personal information, and non-compliance with such laws may result in