agencies and other public and private organizations conducting research may seek patent protection or may establish collaborative arrangements for competitive products or programs. We may be adversely impacted if any of these competitors gain market share as a result of new technologies, commercialization strategies or otherwise.
Our existing products are subject to pricing and reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, including required discounts and rebates.
Successful commercialization of our products depends, in part, on the availability and amount of third-party payer reimbursement for our products and related treatments and medical services in the markets where we sell our products. As our products mature, pricing pressures from private insurers and government payers often result in a reduction of the net product prices.
Legislative and regulatory actions affecting government prescription drug procurement and reimbursement programs occur relatively frequently. We may be adversely impacted by any such legislative and regulatory actions, though it is difficult to predict the impact, if any, on the use and reimbursement of our products.
In the U.S., the European Union (“EU”) and other significant or potentially significant markets for our products and product candidates, government authorities and third-party payers are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of medical products and services. The volume of drug pricing-related legislation has dramatically increased in recent years, including:
•
U.S. Congress has enacted laws requiring manufacturer refunds on certain amounts of discarded drug from single-use vials and eliminating the existing cap on Medicaid rebate amounts beginning in 2024.
•
U.S. Congress has enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “IRA”), which, among other changes, (1) requires the Department of Health and Human Services to “negotiate” Medicare prices for certain drugs (starting with 10 drugs in 2026, adding 15 drugs in 2027 and 2028, and adding 20 drugs in 2029 and subsequent years), which could also affect the Medicaid rebate obligations and the ceiling prices charged to covered entities under Section 340B of the Public Health Service Act (“340B”) if such prices are lower than the Medicaid Best Price; (2) imposes an inflation-based rebate on Medicare Part B utilization starting in 2023 and Part D utilization beginning October 1, 2022; and (3) restructures the Medicare Part D benefit to cap out-of-pocket expenses for Part D beneficiaries beginning in 2024 and, effective January 1, 2025, increases Part D plans’ contributions in the catastrophic coverage phase and increases manufacturers’ discount contributions across coverage phases such that manufacturers must pay a 10% discount in the initial coverage phase and a 20% discount in the catastrophic phase on drugs utilized by all Part D beneficiaries, including low income subsidy patients. Although none of our products