technology to create competitive products and more difficult for our competitors to obtain a patent that prevents us from using technology we create. As part of our business strategy, we actively seek patent protection both in the U.S. and internationally and file additional patent applications, when appropriate, to cover improvements in our compounds, products and technology.
8
Patents covering certain of the active pharmaceutical ingredients (“API”) of some of our products are held by third parties. We acquired exclusive rights to these patents in the agreements we have with these parties.
We often obtain patents for certain products many years before marketing approval is obtained. As a result, the commercial value of the patent may be limited because the patent term is based on the date the patent application was filed, which may be prior to the regulatory approval and commercial sale of the related product. However, we also apply for patent term extensions or supplementary protection certificates in some countries. For example, extensions for the patents or supplementary protection certificates on many of our products have been granted in the U.S. and in a number of European countries, compensating in part for delays in obtaining marketing approval.
From time to time, certain individuals or entities may challenge our patents. For a description of our significant pending legal proceedings, see Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Trade Secrets
We also rely on unpatented trade secrets and improvements, unpatented internal know-how and technological innovation. For products manufactured by our third-party contract manufacturers, we have disclosed all necessary aspects of these technologies to enable them to manufacture the products for us. We protect these rights mainly through confidentiality agreements with third-party manufacturers, corporate partners, employees, consultants and vendors. These agreements provide that all confidential information developed or made known to an individual during the course of their relationship with us will be kept confidential and will not be used or disclosed to third parties except in specified circumstances. In the case of employees, the agreements provide that all inventions made by an individual while employed by us will be our exclusive property.
Raw Materials and Manufacturing
We need access to certain raw materials to conduct our clinical trials and manufacture our products. These raw materials are generally available from multiple sources and normally available in quantities adequate to meet the needs of our business. We attempt to manage the risks associated with our supply chain through inventory management, relationship management and the evaluation of alternative sources when feasible.
We own or lease manufacturing facilities to manufacture and distribute certain products and API for