vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, including those caused by failures during system upgrades or implementations, user error, network or hardware failure, malicious intrusion and ransomware attack. Likewise, data privacy or cybersecurity incidents or breaches by employees or others, including the unauthorized use of artificial intelligence tools, can result in the exposure of or misuse of sensitive data, including our intellectual property or trade secrets or the personal information of our employees, patients, customers or other business partners to unauthorized persons or to the public. If our information systems or third-party information systems on which we rely suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown, including during upgrades or new implementations, and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results, and we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our inability to timely manufacture, distribute, invoice and collect payments.
Cybersecurity attacks and incidents are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity. Malicious actors seek to steal money, gain unauthorized access to, destroy or manipulate data, and disrupt operations, and some of their attacks may not be recognized or discovered until after a significant period of time well after initial entry into the environment, such as novel or zero-day attacks that are launched before patches are available and defenses can be readied. Malicious actors are also increasingly developing methods to avoid prevention, detection and alerting capabilities, including employing counter-forensic tactics making response activities more difficult. Such attacks and incidents include, for example, the deployment of harmful malware, exploitation of vulnerabilities, computer viruses, key loggers, ransomware, denial-of-service, social engineering and
44
other means to affect service reliability and operations and threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. Recent developments in the threat landscape include the use of increasingly sophisticated and evolving artificial intelligence and machine learning tools. Our business and technology partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture.
Like many companies, we have experienced and expect to continue to be the target of cybersecurity incidents, including data breaches and temporary service interruptions. When cybersecurity incidents occur, our policy is to respond and address them in accordance with applicable governmental regulations and other legal requirements, including our cybersecurity protocols. There can be no assurance that our efforts in response to cybersecurity incidents, as well as our investments to protect our information technology infrastructure and data, will shield us from significant losses, brand and reputational harm and