the use of Truvada and Descovy for PrEP infringes the HHS Patents. In February 2020, PTAB declined to institute our petitions for inter partes review of the HHS Patents. In April 2020, we filed a lawsuit against the U.S. federal government in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims (“CFC”), alleging breach of
three
material transfer agreements (“MTAs”) related to the research underlying the HHS Patents and two clinical trial agreements (“CTAs”) by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention related to PrEP research. A trial for the bifurcated portion of the lawsuit in the CFC was held in June 2022, and in November 2022, the CFC determined that the government breached the MTAs. In January 2024, the CFC found the government liable for breach of both CTAs. In May 2023, the District Court held a trial regarding the government’s patent infringement claims, and the jury rendered a full defense verdict in favor of Gilead, finding that the asserted claims of the HHS Patents are invalid and the HHS patents are not infringed. In March 2024, the District Court upheld the jury’s verdict that the government’s patents are invalid, denied the government’s request for a new trial and then entered final judgment. In July 2024, the government filed a notice of appeal. In January 2025, we entered into a settlement agreement with the government to resolve these litigation matters relating to PrEP. The settlement includes the dismissal of both lawsuits, including the government’s appeal of the jury verdict that its patents are invalid, as well as a license to the government’s existing PrEP patents.
Litigation with Generic Manufacturers
As part of the approval process for some of our products, FDA granted us a New Chemical Entity (“NCE”) exclusivity period during which other manufacturers’ applications for approval of generic versions of our products will not be approved. Generic manufacturers may challenge the patents protecting products that have been granted NCE exclusivity one year prior to the end of the NCE exclusivity period. Generic manufacturers have sought and may continue to seek FDA approval for a similar or identical drug through an abbreviated new drug application (“ANDA”), the application form typically used by manufacturers seeking approval of a generic drug. The sale of generic versions of our products prior to their patent expiration would have a significant negative effect on our revenues and results of operations. To seek approval for a generic version of a product having NCE status, a generic company may submit its ANDA to FDA four years after the branded product’s approval.
In October 2021, we received a letter from Lupin Ltd. (“Lupin”) indicating that it has submitted an ANDA to FDA requesting permission to market and manufacture a generic version of Symtuza, a product commercialized by Janssen Products L.P. and for which Gilead shares in revenues. In November 2021, we, along with Janssen Products, L.P. and Janssen Sciences Ireland Unlimited