Financial Officer, has evaluated any changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2024, to identify any change that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. In August 2023, we began deploying a new enterprise resource planning system (“ERP”) as well as other related systems. We have made changes to our internal control over financial reporting to address the related processes and systems. We will continue to evaluate any further changes in our internal control over financial reporting over the course of the implementation of the new ERP and other related systems, which is scheduled to occur in phases over the next few years.
ITEM 9B.
OTHER INFORMATION
None of our directors or officers
adopted
or
terminated
a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement during the quarter ended December 31, 2024, as such terms are defined under Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K.
ITEM 9C.
DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
Not applicable.
96
PART III
ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The information required by this Item concerning our directors and executive officers is incorporated by reference to the sections of our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”) under the headings “The Gilead Board of Directors - Nominees,” “Committees of Our Board of Directors,” “Executive Officers,” and, if applicable, “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports.”
Our written Code of Ethics applies to all of our directors and employees, including our executive officers, including without limitation our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.gilead.com in the “Investors” section under “Governance - Governance Documents.” We intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of the Code of Ethics, and waivers of the Code of Ethics granted to executive officers and directors, on the website within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver.
We have adopted policies and procedures, including an Insider Trading Policy
, which together govern the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers, employees and other covered persons, as well as by the Company. These policies and procedures are designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and any applicable listing standards. Our Insider Trading Policy is included as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
ITEM 11.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sections of the Proxy