Practices (“cGMP”), which are extensive regulations governing manufacturing processes, stability testing, recordkeeping and quality standards as defined by FDA and European Medicines Agency (“EMA”), as well as comparable regulations in other jurisdictions. Manufacturing operations are also subject to routine inspections by regulatory agencies. Even after a supplier is qualified by the regulatory authority, the supplier must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain full compliance with cGMP. If, as a result of these inspections, a regulatory authority determines that the equipment, facilities, laboratories or processes do not comply with applicable regulations and conditions of product approval, the regulatory authority may suspend the manufacturing operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to remedy any deficiencies cited by FDA or other regulatory agencies in their inspections. Further, there is risk that regulatory agencies in other countries where marketing applications are pending will undertake similar additional reviews or apply a heightened standard of review, which could delay the regulatory approvals for products in those countries.
22
Any adverse developments affecting or resulting from any single entity within our manufacturing operations or the operations of our CMOs and corporate partners can result in shipment delays, inventory shortages, lot failures, product withdrawals or recalls or other interruptions in the development and commercial supply of our products, which may result in us not being able to generate sufficient quantities of clinical or commercial product to meet market demand and may cause delays in our clinical trials and applications for regulatory approval. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, inventory write-off charges and other expenses for products that fail to meet specifications and quality standards as well as changes we may adopt in our manufacturing strategy, and we may need to undertake costly remediation efforts or seek more costly manufacturing alternatives. Such developments could increase our manufacturing costs, cause us to lose revenues or market share and damage our reputation. Our business may be adversely affected if approval of any of our product candidates were delayed or if production of our products were interrupted.
Regulatory and Other Legal Risks
Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations. Failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance, including if significant safety issues arise for our marketed products or our product candidates, could delay or halt commercialization of our products.
The products we develop must be approved for marketing and sale by regulatory authorities and, once approved, are subject to extensive regulation by FDA, EMA and comparable regulatory agencies in other countries. We have filed, and anticipate