based on lack of personal jurisdiction and, in July 2023, the New Mexico Supreme Court remanded the case back to the trial court for limited jurisdictional discovery.
We intend to vigorously defend ourselves in these actions, however, we cannot predict the ultimate outcome. If plaintiffs are successful in their claims, we could be required to pay significant monetary damages or could be subject to permanent injunctive relief awarded in favor of plaintiffs, which may result in a material, adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, including in a particular reporting period in which any such outcome becomes probable and estimable.
Product Liability
We have been named as a defendant in
one
putative class action lawsuit and various product liability lawsuits related to Viread, Truvada, Atripla, Complera and Stribild. Plaintiffs allege that Viread, Truvada, Atripla, Complera and/or Stribild caused them to experience kidney, bone and/or tooth injuries. The lawsuits, which are pending in state or federal court in California and Missouri, involve approximately
22,000
active plaintiffs. Plaintiffs in these cases seek damages and other relief on various grounds for alleged personal injury and economic loss. The first bellwether trial in California state court was scheduled to begin in October 2022 but is currently stayed pending the conclusion of appellate proceedings in the California Supreme Court. In the California federal case, Gilead agreed to make a one-time payment of approximately $
39
million to a group of plaintiffs (approximately
2,470
plaintiffs). The federal court set a trial date of March 2027 for the first bellweather trial of the remaining cases. Briefing is ongoing in the putative class action in Missouri regarding whether the court should certify the proposed class. We intend to vigorously defend ourselves in these actions, however, we cannot predict the ultimate outcome. If plaintiffs are successful in their claims, we could be required to pay significant monetary damages, which may result in a material, adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, including in a particular reporting period in which any such outcome becomes probable and estimable.
Government Investigation
In 2017, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York requesting documents related to our promotional speaker programs for HIV. We have recorded an accrual of approximately $
200
million for a potential settlement of this matter.
Qui Tam Litigation
A former sales employee filed a qui tam lawsuit against Gilead in March 2017 in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Following the government’s decision not to intervene in the suit, the case was unsealed in December 2020. The lawsuit alleges that certain of Gilead’s HCV sales and marketing activities and donations to an independent charitable foundation violated the federal False Claims Act and various