status, a generic company may submit its ANDA to FDA four years after the branded product’s approval.
Starting in March 2022, we received letters from Lupin Ltd. (“Lupin”), Laurus Labs (“Laurus”) and Cipla Ltd. (“Cipla”), indicating that they have submitted ANDAs to FDA requesting permission to market and manufacture generic versions of the adult dosage strength of Biktarvy. Lupin, Laurus, and Cipla have challenged the validity of
four
of the
six
patents listed in the Orange Book as associated with Biktarvy. We filed a lawsuit against Lupin, Laurus and Cipla in May 2022 in the U.S. District Court of Delaware and intend to enforce and defend our intellectual property. Additionally, in November 2023, we received a letter from Cipla indicating that it has submitted an ANDA to FDA requesting permission to market and manufacture a generic version of the pediatric dosage strength of Biktarvy. Cipla challenged the validity of
two
of the patents listed in the Orange Book as associated with Biktarvy. We filed a separate lawsuit against Cipla in December 2023 in the U.S. District Court of Delaware. This lawsuit has been consolidated with the first lawsuit, with a single trial scheduled for October 2025. In October 2024, Cipla separately filed a petition at the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office (“USPTO”) for inter partes review of one of the patents at issue in District Court litigation. We intend to defend this patent at the USPTO.
Antitrust and Consumer Protection
We, along with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (“BMS”), Johnson & Johnson, Inc. (“Johnson & Johnson”), and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (“Teva”) have been named as defendants in class action lawsuits filed in 2019 and 2020 related to various drugs used to treat HIV, including drugs used in combination antiretroviral therapy. Plaintiffs allege that we (and the other defendants) engaged in various conduct to restrain competition in violation of federal and state antitrust laws and state consumer protection laws. The lawsuits, which have been consolidated, are pending in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. The lawsuits seek to bring claims on behalf of direct purchasers consisting largely of wholesalers and indirect or end-payor purchasers, including health insurers and individual patients. Plaintiffs seek damages, permanent injunctive relief and other relief. In the second half of 2021 and first half of 2022, several plaintiffs consisting of retail pharmacies, individual health plans and United Healthcare, filed separate lawsuits effectively opting out of the class action cases, asserting claims that are substantively the same as the classes. These cases have been coordinated with the class actions. In March 2023, the District Court granted our motion to hold separate trials as to (i) the allegations against us and Teva seeking monetary damages relating to Truvada and Atripla (“Phase I”) and (ii) the allegations against us and, in part, Johnson & Johnson, seeking