significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and our obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE.
The preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our significant accounting policies and estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various market-specific and other relevant assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Estimates are assessed each period and updated to reflect current information. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates.
Certain amounts and percentages herein may not sum or recalculate due to rounding.
58
Revenue Recognition
Product Sales
We recognize revenue from product sales when control of the product transfers to the customer, which is generally upon shipment or delivery, or in certain cases, upon the corresponding sales by our customer to a third party. Revenues are recognized net of estimated rebates and chargebacks, patient co-pay assistance, prompt pay discounts, distributor fees, sales return provisions and other related deductions. These deductions to product sales are referred to as gross-to-net deductions and are estimated and recorded in the period in which the related product sales occur. Our payment terms to customers generally range from 30 to 90 days; however, payment terms differ by jurisdiction, by customer and, in some instances, by type of product. Revenues from product sales, net of gross-to-net deductions, are recorded only to the extent a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized is not probable of occurring when the uncertainty associated with gross-to-net deductions is subsequently resolved. Taxes assessed by governmental authorities and collected from customers are excluded from product sales. If we expect, at contract inception, that the period between the transfer of control and corresponding payment from the customer will be one year or less, we do not adjust the amount of consideration for the effects of a financing component. Shipping and handling activities are considered to be fulfillment activities and not a separate performance obligation.
Gross-to-Net Deductions
Rebates and Chargebacks
Rebates and chargebacks are based on contractual arrangements or statutory requirements and include amounts due to payers and healthcare providers under various programs. These amounts may vary by product, payer and individual plans. Providers qualified under certain programs can purchase our products through wholesalers or other distributors at a discount. The wholesalers or distributors then