operating activities of the collaboration and are exposed to significant risks and rewards depending on the commercial success of the activities. The financial terms of these arrangements may include non-refundable upfront payments, expense reimbursements, payments by us for options to acquire certain rights, contingent obligations by us for potential development and regulatory milestone payments and/or sales-based milestone payments, royalty payments, revenue or profit-sharing arrangements, cost-sharing arrangements and equity investments.
Acquisitions
CymaBay
In March 2024,
we completed the acquisition of CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc. (“CymaBay”) for total consideration of $
3.9
billion, net of cash acquired. Upon closing, CymaBay became our wholly-owned subsidiary.
13
We accounted for this transaction as an asset acquisition since the lead asset, seladelpar, an investigational, oral, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor delta agonist shown to regulate critical metabolic and liver disease pathways, represented substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, we recorded a $
3.9
billion charge, representing an acquired IPR&D asset with no alternative future use, to Acquired in-process research and development expenses, as well as share-based compensation expense of $
133
million related to the cash settlement of unvested CymaBay employee stock awards attributable to post-acquisition services, with $
67
million being recorded in Research and development expenses and $
67
million in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Collaborations and Other Arrangements
Galapagos
In January 2025, we agreed to amend our option, license and collaboration agreement with Galapagos (the “OLCA”) commensurate with Galapagos’ announcement for a planned separation of Galapagos into two entities: a newly to be formed company (to be named at a later date, herein “SpinCo”) with an initial capital allocation of up to approximately €
2.45
billion (approximately $
2.54
billion as of the time of announcement) and Galapagos. At the time of separation, should it occur, Galapagos’ and our rights and responsibilities under the OLCA would transfer to SpinCo, and Galapagos would gain full global development and commercialization rights to its pipeline, subject to payment of single digit royalties to Gilead on net sales of certain products. This separation is expected to occur by mid-2025. As a result of the amendment, Gilead’s ownership stake in Galapagos is subject to lock-up until December 2025, and upon separation, Gilead will hold approximately
25
% of the outstanding shares in both Galapagos and SpinCo and will be subject to a lock-up of Galapagos shares through March 2027 and of SpinCo shares until six months after the separation, subject to certain customary exceptions and early termination provisions. The two Gilead designees appointed to