SpinCo, and Galapagos would gain full global development and commercialization rights to its pipeline, subject to payment of single digit royalties to Gilead on net sales of certain products. This separation is expected to occur by mid-2025. With respect to Gilead’s ownership stake in Galapagos, upon separation, Gilead will hold approximately
25
% of the outstanding shares in both Galapagos and SpinCo and will be subject to a lock-up of Galapagos shares through March 2027 and of SpinCo shares until six months after the separation, subject to certain customary exceptions and early termination provisions. The two Gilead designees appointed to Galapagos’ board of directors will step down upon the separation and Gilead will be entitled to nominate two directors to SpinCo’s board.
Janssen
Complera/Eviplera and Odefsey
In 2009, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Janssen to develop and commercialize a fixed-dose combination of our Truvada and Janssen’s non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor, rilpivirine. This combination was approved in the U.S. and EU in 2011, and is sold under the brand name Complera in the U.S. and Eviplera in the EU. The agreement was amended in 2014 to expand the collaboration to include another product containing Janssen’s rilpivirine and our emtricitabine and tenofovir alafenamide (“Odefsey”).
Under the amended agreement, Janssen granted us an exclusive license to Complera/Eviplera and Odefsey worldwide, but retained rights to distribute both combination products in certain countries outside of the U.S. Neither party is restricted from combining its drugs with any other drug products except those which are similar to the components of Complera/Eviplera and Odefsey.
We are responsible for manufacturing Complera/Eviplera and Odefsey and have the lead role in registration, distribution and commercialization of both products except in the countries where Janssen distributes. Janssen has exercised a right to co-detail the combination product in some of the countries where we are the selling party.
Under the financial provisions of the 2014 amendment, the selling party sets the price of the combined products and the parties share revenues based on the ratio of the net selling prices of the party’s component(s), subject to certain restrictions and adjustments. We retain a specified percentage of Janssen’s share of revenues, including up to
30
% in major markets. Sales of these products are included in Product sales and Janssen’s share of revenues is included in Cost of goods sold on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Cost of goods sold relating to Janssen’s share was $
403
million, $
430
million and $
483
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Termination of the agreement may be on a product or country basis and will depend on the circumstances, including withdrawal of a product from the market, material breach by either party or expiry of the revenue share