Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024. The companies will share development, clinical trial and commercialization costs for CART-ddBCMA and will jointly commercialize the product and split U.S. profits
50
/
50
. Outside the U.S., we will commercialize the product and Arcellx will receive royalties on sales. Under the agreement, Arcellx is eligible to receive performance-based development and regulatory milestone payments of up to $
1.5
billion related to CART-ddBCMA, a potential future next-generation autologous product and a potential future non-autologous product, with further commercial milestone payments, profit split payments on co-promoted products and royalties on at least a portion of worldwide net sales, depending on whether Arcellx opts in to co-promote the future products. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we paid $
68
million for development milestones met, which was charged to Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. If additional future products are developed, Arcellx would be eligible to receive additional milestone payments, profit split payments on co-promoted products and royalties on at least a portion of worldwide net sales, depending on whether Arcellx opts in to co-promote these additional future products as well.
Dragonfly
In April 2022, we entered into a strategic research collaboration agreement (the “Dragonfly Collaboration Agreement”) with Dragonfly Therapeutics, Inc. (“Dragonfly”) to develop natural killer (“NK”) cell engager-based immunotherapies for oncology and inflammation indications. Under the terms of the Dragonfly Collaboration Agreement, we received an exclusive, worldwide license from Dragonfly for the 5T4-targeting investigational immunotherapy program, DF7001, as well as options, after the completion of certain preclinical activities, to license exclusive, worldwide rights to develop and commercialize additional NK cell engager programs using the Dragonfly Tri-specific NK Engager platform. Upon the closing of the Dragonfly Collaboration Agreement, we made a $
300
million upfront payment to Dragonfly, and we made an additional $
15
million payment related to a target selection in connection with an August 2022 amendment to the agreement, which were recorded in Acquired in-process research and development expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. In July 2023, we mutually agreed to terminate the DF7001 program. If we exercise our options on additional NK cell engager programs, Dragonfly would be eligible to receive opt-in payments and performance-based development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments and royalties on worldwide net sales on these optioned programs.
Merck
In March 2021, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. (“Merck”) to jointly develop and commercialize long-acting investigational