Company (together, “Janssen”), filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Lupin as co-plaintiffs in the U.S. District Court of Delaware. In September 2022, we received a letter from Apotex Inc. and Apotex Corp. (together, “Apotex”) stating that they have submitted an ANDA for a generic version of Symtuza. In October 2022, we, along with Janssen, filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Apotex as co-plaintiffs in the U.S. District Court of Delaware. The cases against Lupin and Apotex were consolidated into a single trial scheduled for February 2025. In February 2025, we, along with Janssen, entered into a settlement agreement with Lupin and its manufacturer of cobicistat on silicon dioxide, MSN Laboratories Private Limited, MSN Life Sciences Private Ltd., and MSN Pharmaceuticals Inc. (collectively, “MSN”), to resolve the litigation and patent challenges associated with Symtuza in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, Lupin and MSN were granted a non-exclusive license for Lupin’s ANDA product in the U.S. to our patent, jointly owned with Janssen, relating to a use of Symtuza, beginning on an agreed-upon date in the future, or earlier in certain circumstances. The terms of the settlement agreement are confidential. In February 2025, we, along with Janssen, entered into a settlement agreement with Apotex to resolve the litigation and patent challenges associated with Symtuza in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, Apotex was granted a non-exclusive license for Apotex’s ANDA product in the U.S. to our patent, jointly owned with Janssen, relating to a use of Symtuza, beginning on an agreed-upon date in the future, or earlier in certain circumstances. The terms of the settlement agreement are confidential. Both settlement agreements with Lupin and Apotex have been filed with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice as required by law.
85
Starting in March 2022, we received letters from Lupin, Laurus Labs (“Laurus”) and Cipla Ltd. (“Cipla”), indicating that they have submitted ANDAs to FDA requesting permission to market and manufacture generic versions of the adult dosage strength of Biktarvy. Lupin, Laurus, and Cipla have challenged the validity of
four
of the
six
patents listed in the Orange Book as associated with Biktarvy. We filed a lawsuit against Lupin, Laurus and Cipla in May 2022 in the U.S. District Court of Delaware and intend to enforce and defend our intellectual property. Additionally, in November 2023, we received a letter from Cipla indicating that it has submitted an ANDA to FDA requesting permission to market and manufacture a generic version of the pediatric dosage strength of Biktarvy. Cipla challenged the validity of
two
of the patents listed in the Orange Book as associated with Biktarvy. We filed a separate lawsuit against Cipla in December 2023 in the U.S. District Court of Delaware. This