metrics (e.g., voluntary turnover), we conducted comprehensive reviews of the employee experience in 2023 and again in 2024 via surveys, focus groups and benchmarks. The resulting insights play a key role in determining the direction of our culture as well as the company’s broader response to emerging developments. For example, in response to 2023 employee feedback, we implemented multiple enterprise initiatives to address areas of opportunity to improve efficiency and remove barriers to speed of execution.
11
Corporate Responsibility
Investing in corporate responsibility is core to our business strategy and reflects our values of accountability, inclusion, teamwork, excellence and integrity. This is in service to our mission to advance global health by providing innovative therapeutics in areas of unmet need in a way that is socially responsible and environmentally sustainable. Gilead’s corporate responsibility programs reflect this commitment to our stakeholders. Environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) strategy and performance are overseen by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors and managed by a Corporate Responsibility Committee, which is comprised of leaders from key departments across our company. The Corporate Responsibility Committee is responsible for reviewing ESG issues and, as appropriate, integrating them into our overall business strategy and operations. Additional information about this program and ESG highlights are available in Gilead’s 2023 ESG Impact Report on Gilead’s website at https://www.gilead.com/responsibility/esg.
Our ESG goals are aspirational and may change. Statements regarding these goals and related initiatives are not guarantees or promises that they will be met. For further information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors “Our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to corporate responsibility matters expose us to numerous risks, including risks to our reputation and stock price.”
Seasonality of Operations
Our worldwide product sales do not reflect any significant degree of seasonality in end-user demand. However, in the U.S., fluctuations in wholesaler inventory levels impact our product sales. In recent years, we have observed strong wholesaler and sub-wholesaler purchases of our products in the second half of the year, resulting in inventory draw-down by wholesalers and sub-wholesalers in the subsequent first quarter. Several other factors, including government budgets, annual grant cycles for federal and state funds, adverse changes in economic conditions, increased competition and other buying patterns, also could impact the product sales recorded in a particular quarter. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors “We face challenges in accurately forecasting sales because of the difficulties in predicting demand for our products and fluctuations in purchasing patterns or wholesaler inventories.”
Government Regulation
Our operations and activities are subject to