infection. We bear all costs and expenses associated with such commercialization efforts and pay a royalty to Japan Tobacco based on our product sales. Our sales of these products are included in Product sales on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Royalties due to Japan Tobacco are included in Cost of goods sold on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Royalty expenses recognized were $
139
million, $
167
million and $
198
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Under the terms of the 2018 agreement, we paid Japan Tobacco $
559
million in cash and recognized an intangible asset of $
550
million reflecting the estimated fair value of the marketing-related rights acquired from Japan Tobacco. The intangible asset is being amortized over
nine years
, representing the period over which the majority of the benefits are expected to be derived from the applicable products in our HIV portfolio. The amortization expense is classified as selling expense and recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Termination of the agreement may be on a product or country basis and will depend on the circumstances, including material breach by either party or expiry of royalty payment term. We may also terminate the entire agreement without cause.
Everest
In April 2019, Everest Medicines (“Everest”) and Immunomedics entered into an agreement granting Everest an exclusive license to develop and commercialize Trodelvy in Greater China, South Korea, Singapore, Indonesia, Philippines, Vietnam, Thailand, Malaysia and Mongolia (the “Territories”). Gilead subsequently acquired Immunomedics in October 2020 and assumed the Everest license and supply agreement, which provided for certain sales milestones and royalties payments to be made to Gilead and was recorded as a $
175
million finite-lived asset as part of the purchase accounting. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we reacquired all development and commercialization rights for Trodelvy from Everest and terminated the previous agreement. Under the terms of the new agreement, Gilead made $
280
million in upfront termination payments to Everest, of which $
84
million was made in 2022 and $
196
million was made in 2023. In addition, Everest is eligible to receive up to $
175
million in potential additional payments upon achievement of certain regulatory and commercial milestones. We accounted for the new agreement as a contract termination, which includes the reacquisition of commercial rights and the settlement of our pre-existing relationship with Everest. As a result, we recorded an expense of $
406
million in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations during the year ended December 31, 2022, which primarily represents the upfront costs and write-off of the remaining value of the pre-existing asset related to the prior agreement. Simultaneously, we recorded an acquired finite-