potential liability or prevent any future interruption or breach of our systems. Such cybersecurity incidents can cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, including personal information, and could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws. Financial, legal, business, or reputational losses may result from a cybersecurity incident or breach of our information technology systems.
Regulators globally are also imposing data privacy and security requirements, such as EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and other domestic data privacy and security laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and the California Privacy Rights Act. These and other similar types of laws and regulations that have been or may be passed, often include requirements with respect to personal information, and non-compliance with such laws may result in liability through private actions (subject to statutorily defined damages in the event of certain data breaches) and government enforcement. Other changes or new laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of personal information, could greatly increase our cost of providing our products and services or even prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions in which we operate.
Strategic and Financial Risks
We are subject to risks associated with engaging in business acquisitions, licensing arrangements, collaborations, options, equity investments, asset divestitures and other strategic transactions.
We have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, such transactions as part of our business strategy. We may not identify suitable transactions in the future and, if we do, we may not complete such transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, including the possibility that a governmental entity or regulatory body may delay or refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction. If we are successful in making an acquisition or closing a licensing arrangement or collaboration, the products, intellectual property and technologies that are acquired or licensed may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than anticipated. As required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, we conduct annual impairment testing of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets in the fourth quarter or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the assets are impaired. We have in the past and may in the future need to recognize impairment charges related to the products, intellectual property and technologies that are acquired or licensed as a result of such testing. For example, we recorded partial impairment charges during the three months ended March 31, 2024 in connection with our Phase 3 EVOKE-01 study evaluating sacituzumab govitecan-hziy and during the three months ended September 30, 2024