extensive regulation by numerous government authorities in the U.S., the EU and other countries, including laws and regulations governing the testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion of our products. As a result of these regulations, product development and product approval processes are very expensive and time consuming, which has a significant impact on our capital expenditures and results of operations. The regulatory requirements applicable to drug development and approval are subject to change. Any legal and regulatory changes may impact our operations in the future.
In addition, the current U.S. Presidential administration has indicated that it plans to pursue changes to various regulatory policies from prior administrations, some of which have already started to be implemented. As a result, there is uncertainty as to how these and other potential legal and regulatory changes may impact our business. For example, President Trump issued an executive order repealing President Biden’s executive order 14087, which directed the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation within the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to test new Medicare and Medicaid payment models. President Trump also issued an executive order aimed at diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives and has pledged to impose tariffs on pharmaceuticals and other products, some of which have already started to be implemented. These tariffs and retaliatory measures taken by other nations in response may increase our costs and adversely impact the competitiveness of our products outside the U.S. Some of these policy changes may be subject to litigation or other challenge, increasing the uncertainty of their effects on our business.
Drug Development Regulation
A country’s regulatory agency, such as FDA in the U.S. and EMA and EC in the EU, as well as the national authorities of the EU member states, must approve a drug before it can be sold in the respective country or countries. The general processes for drug development and approval in the U.S. and EU are summarized below. Many other countries, including individual countries within the EU, have similar regulatory structures.
U.S. Drug Development
Preclinical Testing
Before we can test a drug candidate in humans, we must study the drug in laboratory experiments and in animals to generate data to support the drug candidate’s potential benefits and safety. We submit this data to FDA in an Investigational New Drug (“IND”) application seeking its approval to test the compound in humans.
12
Clinical Trials
If FDA accepts the IND, the drug candidate can then be studied in human clinical trials to determine if the drug candidate is safe and effective. These clinical trials involve three separate phases that often overlap, can take many years and are very expensive. These three phases, which are subject to considerable regulation, are as follows:
•
Phase 1. The drug