possible that disagreements, uncertainties or other circumstances may arise, including with respect to whether our option rights have been appropriately triggered, which may hinder our ability to realize the expected benefits. For equity investments in our strategic partners, such as in connection with our collaborations with Arcus, Galapagos NV and Arcellx, Inc., the value of our equity investments may fluctuate and decline in value. If we are not successful in the execution or implementation of these transactions, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected, and our stock price could decline.
We have paid substantial amounts of cash and incurred additional debt to finance our strategic transactions. Additional indebtedness and a lower cash balance could result in a downgrade of our credit ratings, limit our ability to borrow additional funds or refinance existing debt on favorable terms, increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions, and reduce our financial flexibility to continue with our capital investments, stock repurchases and dividend payments. We may be adversely impacted by any failure to overcome these additional risks.
Changes in our effective income tax rate could reduce our earnings.
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Due to economic and political conditions, various countries are actively considering and have made changes to existing tax laws, and we cannot predict the form or timing of such changes. Our effective tax rates are affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the introduction of new taxes, and changes in tax laws, regulations, administrative practices and interpretations, including in the U.S., Germany and Ireland.
We are also subject to the examination of our tax returns and other tax matters by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and tax authorities in various foreign jurisdictions. There are differing interpretations of tax laws and regulations and, as a result, significant disputes may arise with these tax authorities involving issues of the timing and amount of deductions and allocations of income among various tax jurisdictions. We may be adversely affected by the resolution of one or more of these exposures in any reporting period.
30
ITEM 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
Not applicable.
ITEM 1C.
CYBERSECURITY
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
Processes Used to Assess, Identify, and Manage Material Risks from Cybersecurity Threats
Risk Assessment and Management
We manage material risks from cybersecurity threats through a cross-functional and layered approach that is designed to detect, identify, respond to, recover from and protect from cybersecurity incidents and is informed by industry recognized standards.
Our security governance function, which includes key employees who work in