work of its dedicated employees who embrace a shared sense of purpose and a culture of excellence. Our human capital objective is to make Gilead an employer of choice for the best talent in our industry. Gilead’s key priorities for human capital management include inclusion, total rewards, safety, and employee development and engagement initiatives and programs. The Compensation and Talent Committee of our Board of Directors oversees our overall human capital management.
For risks associated with our human capital, see Item 1A. Risk Factors “Due to the specialized and technical nature of our business, the failure to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel could adversely impact us.”
Inclusion
Gilead is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to inclusive practices, which are integral to Gilead’s culture and business. We approach inclusion from the standpoint of it being a business imperative that is critical to hiring the very best talent, understanding the patients and communities we serve, and conducting science-based clinical trials focused on patient populations that represent the diseases being studied. We have a long-standing commitment to creating a safe, respectful and welcoming environment for all employees, which aligns with our core values of integrity, inclusion, teamwork, accountability and excellence. Gilead serves a wide range of patients and communities around the world, and they are best supported by a workforce that can understand and innovate to meet their unique needs. Ultimately, a workforce with different lived experiences, perspectives and backgrounds is imperative to advancing health and delivering transformational medicines for patients worldwide.
Our inclusion council (“Council”) is responsible for governance of our inclusion strategy and our efforts to promote a culture of inclusion and belonging in a sustainable and compliant way. The Council includes senior executives and leaders from our employee resource groups (“ERGs”). In addition, our ERGs, which are open to all, support employees and aim to raise awareness of different cultures within the workplace and cultivate the variety of lived experiences, perspectives and backgrounds as a business strength. Executive sponsors and leaders of our ERGs contribute to the advancement of our inclusion priorities through annual planning and collaborative efforts to support our communities inside and outside of Gilead.
Gilead’s commitment to equal employment opportunity furthers its efforts to cultivate and celebrate a culture of belonging. As of December 31, 2024, Gilead had approximately 17,600 employees.
10
Total Rewards
Gilead’s Total Rewards portfolio is a competitive, robust benefits package that is designed to optimize our employees’ performance and support their wellbeing, allowing them to focus on mission-critical work. Each year, we reassess our Total Rewards package to confirm whether it offers benefits and incentives that align with our total