procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.
46
PART II.     OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, see Note 10 “Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Matters” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 1A.
RISK FACTORS
Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, and affect the trading price of our Class A and Class C stock.
For additional information about the ongoing material legal proceedings to which we are subject, see Legal Proceedings in Part II, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
ITEM 2.
UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The following table presents information with respect to Alphabet's repurchases of Class A and Class C stock during the quarter ended March 31, 2025.
(1)
Repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. For additional information related to share repurchases, see Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
(2)
Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases.
ITEM 5.
OTHER INFORMATION
10b5-1 Trading Plans
During the quarter ended March 31, 2025, no Section 16 director or officer
adopted
, modified, or
terminated
a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act).
There were no “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act) adopted, modified, or terminated during the quarter ended March 31, 2025 by our directors and Section 16 officers.
47
ITEM 6.
EXHIBITS
__________________________
48
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
49