will be required to disclose additional specified categories in the rate reconciliation in both percentage and dollar amounts. We will also be required to disclose the amount of income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction, among other disclosure requirements. The standard is effective for our 2025 annual period and can be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We are currently assessing the effect that the updated standard will have on our financial statement disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03 "Income Statement: Reporting Comprehensive Income-Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40)" to improve the disclosures about an entity’s expenses. Upon adoption, we will be required to disclose in the notes to the financial statements a disaggregation of certain expense categories included within the expense captions on the face of the income statement. The standard is effective for our 2027 annual period, and our interim periods beginning in 2028, with early adoption permitted. The standard can be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We are currently assessing adoption timing and the effect that the updated standard will have on our financial statement disclosures.
Prior Period Reclassifications
Certain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation.
10
Note 2.
Revenues
Disaggregated Revenues
The following table presents revenues disaggregated by type (in millions):
The following table presents revenues disaggregated by geography, based on the addresses of our customers (in millions):
(1)
Regions represent Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); Asia-Pacific (APAC); and Canada and Latin America ("Other Americas").
Revenue Backlog
As of March 31, 2025, we
had $
92.4
billion of remaining performance obligations (“revenue backlog”), primarily related to Google Cloud. Revenue backlog represents commitm
ents in customer contracts for future services that have not yet been recognized as revenue. We expect to r
ecognize approximately
55
% of
the revenue backlog as revenues over the next
24
months
with the remainder to be recognized thereafter. The estimated revenue backlog and timing of revenue recognition for these commitments is largely driven by our ability to deliver in accordance with relevant contract terms and when our customers utilize services. Revenue backlog includes related deferred revenue currently recorded as well as amounts that will be invoiced in future periods, and excludes contracts with an original expected term of one year or less and cancellable contracts.
Deferred Revenues
We record deferred revenues when cash payments are received or due in advance of our performance, including amounts which are refundable. Deferred revenues primarily relate to Google Cloud and Google s
ubscriptions, platforms, and devices.
Total deferred revenue as of December 31, 2024 was $
6.0
billion, of which $
2.6
billion was recognized as revenues for the