31, 2025, we had material purchase commitments and other contractual obligations of $62.1 billion, of which $41.5 billion was short-term. These amounts primarily consist of purchase orders for certain technical infrastructure as well as the non-cancelable portion or the minimum cancellation fee in certain agreements related to commitments to purchase licenses, including content licenses, inventory, and network capacity. For those agreements with variable terms, we do not estimate the non-cancelable obligation beyond any minimum quantities and/or pricing as of March 31, 2025. In certain instances, the amount of our contractual obligations may change based on the expected timing of order fulfillment from our suppliers. For more information related to our content licenses, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
In addition, we regularly enter into multi-year, non-cancellable agreements to purchase renewable energy and energy attributes, such as renewable energy certificates. These agreements do not include a minimum dollar commitment. The amounts to be paid under these agreements are based on the actual volumes to be generated and are not readily determinable.
We may experience increases in the costs associated with our purchase commitments and other contractual obligations as a result of ongoing developments surrounding international trade. For details on risks related to our manufacturing and supply chain and other risks, refer to Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024.
Pending Acquisition
In March 2025, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Wiz, a leading cloud security platform, for $32.0 billion, subject to closing adjustments, in an all-cash transaction. The acquisition of Wiz is expected to close in 2026, subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approvals. For additional information, see Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Critical Accounting Estimates
See Part II, Item 7, "Critical Accounting Estimates" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Available Information
Our website is located at www.abc.xyz, and our investor relations website is located at www.abc.xyz/investor. Access to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements,
and any amendments to these reports, is available on our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file or furnish them with the SEC and they are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.
We webcast via our investor relations YouTube channel and website our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community. Our investor relations website also provides
45
notifications of