regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings could result in substantial fines and penalties, injunctive relief, ongoing monitoring and auditing obligations, changes to our products and services, alterations to our business models and operations, and collateral related civil litigation or other adverse consequences, all of which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.
We have ongoing legal matters relating to Russia. For example, some matters concern civil judgments that include compounding penalties imposed upon us in connection with disputes regarding the termination of accounts, including those of sanctioned parties. We do not expect these ongoing legal matters will have a material adverse effect.
Non-Income Taxes
We are under audit by various domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards to non-income tax matters. The subject matter of non-income tax audits primarily arises from disputes on the tax treatment and tax rate applied to the sale of our products and services in these jurisdictions and the tax treatment of certain employee benefits. We accrue non-income taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. Due to the inherent complexity and uncertainty of these matters and judicial process in certain jurisdictions, the final outcome may be materially different from our expectations.
See Note 14 for information regarding income tax contingencies.
27
Note 11.
Stockholders' Equity
Share Repurchases
In the three months ended March 31, 2025, we continued to repurchase both Class A and Class C shares in a manner deemed in the best interest of the company and its stockholders, taking into account the economic cost and prevailing market conditions, including the relative trading prices and volu
mes of the Class A and Class C shares. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we repurchased
$
15.3
billion
of Alphabet's Class A and Class C shares.
In April 2024, the Board of Directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to $
70.0
billion of its Class A and Class C shares. As of March 31, 2025,
$
29.5
billion
remained available for Class A and Class C share repurchases. In April 2025, the Board of Directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to an additional $
70.0
billion of Class A and Class C shares.
The following table presents Class A and Class C shares repurchased and subsequently retired (in millions):
(1)
Shares repurchased include unsettled repurchases.
Repurchases are executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase