adjustments related to observable transactions.
For additional information, see Note 3 and Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
41
Provision for Income Taxes
The following table presents provision for income taxes (in millions, except effective tax rate):
The effective ta
x rate increased from the three months ended March 31, 2024 to the three months ended March 31, 2025. This increase was primarily due to lower effective tax rate impacts in the U.S. federal Foreign Derived Intangible Income tax deduction, R&D credits, and stock-based compensation-related tax benefits.
The OECD is coordinating negotiations among more than 140 countries with the goal of achieving consensus around substantial changes to international tax policies, including the implementation of a minimum global effective tax rate of 15%. Some countries have already implemented the legislation effective January 1, 2024, and we expect others to follow, however this did not have a material effect on our income tax provision for the period ending March 31, 2025.
Financial Condition
Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities
As of March 31, 2025, we had $95.3 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities. Cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised of time deposits, money market funds, highly liquid government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, and marketable equity securities.
Sources, Uses of Cash and Related Trends
Our principal sources of liquidity are cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate from operations. The primary use of capital continues to be to invest for the long-term growth of the business. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders.
The following table presents cash flows (in millions):
Cash Provided by Operating Activities
Our largest source of cash provided by operations are advertising revenues generated by Google Search & other properties, Google Network properties, and YouTube properties. In Google Services, we also generate cash through consumer subscriptions, the sale of apps and in-app purchases, and devices. In Google Cloud, we generate cash through consumption-based fees and subscriptions for infrastructure, platform, applications, and other cloud services.
Our primary uses of cash from operating activities include payments to distribution and Google Network partners, to employees for compensation, and to content providers. Other uses of cash from operating activities include payments to suppliers for devices, to tax authorities for income taxes, and other general corporate expenditures.
Net cash provided by operating activities increased from the three months ended March 31, 2024 to the three months ended March 31, 2025 due to an increase in cash received from