affect our effective tax rate, as of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, respectively.
Note 15.
Information about Segments and Geographic Areas
We report our segment results as Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets:
•
Google Services includes products and services such as ads, Android, Chrome, devices, Google Maps, Google Play, Search, and YouTube. Google Services generates revenues primarily from advertising; fees received for consumer subscription-based products such as YouTube TV, YouTube Music and Premium, and NFL Sunday Ticket, as well as Google One; the sale of apps and in-app purchases; and devices.
•
Google Cloud includes infrastructure and platform services, applications, and other services for enterprise customers. Google Cloud generates revenues primarily from consumption-based fees and subscriptions received for Google Cloud Platform services, Google Workspace communication and collaboration tools, and other enterprise services.
•
Other Bets is a combination of multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Revenues from Other Bets are generated primarily from the sale of healthcare-related services and internet services.
Revenues, certain costs, such as costs associated with content and traffic acquisition, certain engineering activities, and devices, as well as certain operating expenses are directly attributable to our segments. Due to the integrated nature of Alphabet, other costs and expenses, such as technical infrastructure and office facilities, are managed centrally at a consolidated level. These costs, including the associated depreciation, are allocated to operating segments as a service cost generally based on usage, headcount, or revenue.
30
Certain costs are not allocated to our segments because they represent Alphabet-level activities. These costs primarily include certain AI-focused shared R&D activities, including development costs of our general AI models; corporate initiatives such as our philanthropic activities; corporate shared costs such as certain finance, human resource, and legal costs, including certain fines and settlements. Charges associated with employee severance and office space reductions are also not allocated to our segments. Additionally, hedging gains (losses) related to revenue are not allocated to our segments.
Our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) is our Chief Executive Officer, Sundar Pichai. Our CODM uses segment operating income (loss) to allocate resources to our segments in our annual planning process and to assess the performance of our segments, primarily by monitoring actual results versus the annual plan. Our operating segments are not evaluated using asset information.
The following
table presents revenue, profitability, and expense information about our segments (in millions):
Google Services and Google Cloud employee compensation expenses include the costs associated with direct and allocated employees. Google Services and Google Cloud other costs and