million
, which is expected to be reclassified from AOCI into revenues within the next 12 months.
Fair Value Hedges
We designate foreign currency forward contracts as fair value hedges to hedge foreign currency risks for our marketable securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Fair value hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in OI&E, along with the offsetting gains and losses of the related hedged items. We exclude forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognize changes in the excluded     component in OI&E.
Net Investment Hedges
We designate foreign currency forward contracts as net investment hedges to hedge the foreign currency risks related to our investment in foreign subsidiaries. Net investment hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in AOCI along with the foreign currency translation adjustment. We exclude forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognize changes in the excluded component in OI&E.
Other Derivatives
We enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments to hedge intercompany transactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of a subsidiary. Gains and losses on these derivatives that are not designated as accounting hedges are primarily recorded in OI&E along with the foreign currency gains and losses on monetary assets and liabilities.
We also use derivatives not designated as hedging instruments to manage risks relating to interest rates, commodity prices, and credit exposures, and to enhance investment returns. From time to time, we enter into derivatives to hedge the market price risk on certain of our marketable equity securities. Gains and losses arising from other derivatives are primarily reflected within the “other” component of OI&E. See Note 7 for further details.
16
The gross notional amounts of outstanding derivative instruments were as follows (in millions):
The fair values of outstanding derivative instruments were as follows (in millions):
(1)
Derivative assets are recorded as other current and non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
(2)
Derivative liabilities are recorded as accrued expenses and other liabilities, current and non-current in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The gains (losses) on derivatives in cash flow hedging and net investment hedging relationships recognized in
other comprehensiv
e income (OCI) are summarized below (in millions):
17
The table below presents the gains (losses) of derivatives included in the Consolidated Statements of Income: (in millions):
Offsetting of Derivatives
We enter into master netting arrangements and collateral security arrangements to reduce credit risk. Cash collateral received related to derivative instruments under our collateral security arrangements are included in
other current