remeasured at fair value during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and were primarily classified withi
n Level 2 o
f the fair value hierarchy at the time of measurement.
13
Debt Securities
The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of investments in available-for-sale marketable debt securities by effective contractual maturity dates (in millions):
The following tables present fair values and gross unrealized losses recorded to AOCI, aggregated by investment category and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position (in millions):
We determine realized gains or losses on the sale or extinguishment of debt securities on a specific identification method.
The following table summarizes gains and losses for debt securities, reflected as a component of OI&E (in millions):
14
Equity Investments
The carrying value of equity securities is measured as the total initial cost plus the cumulative net gain (loss). Gains and losses, including impairments, are included as a component of OI&E in the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 7 for further details on OI&E.
Certain of our non-marketable equity securities include our investments in variable interest entities (VIE) where we are not the primary beneficiary. See Note 5 for further details on VIE.
The carrying values for marketable and non-marketable equity securities are summarized below (in millions):
(1)
Non-marketable equity securit
ies cumulative net gain (loss) is comprised of $
22.7
billion and
$
32.3
billion
of gains and $
8.4
billion and
$
8.6
billion
of losses (including impairments) as of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, respectively.
Gains and Losses on Marketable and Non-marketable Equity Securities
Gains and losses (including impairments), net, for marketable and non-marketable equity securities included in OI&E are summarized below (in millions):
(1)
Unrealized gain (loss) on non-marketable equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative is comprised of $
2.8
billion
and
$
9.7
billion of upward adjustments and $
814
million and $
399
million of
downward
adjustments (including impairments) for the
three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2025
, respectively.
In the table above, realized net gain (loss) on equity securities sold during the period reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value of the equity securities at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later.
Cumulative net gains (losses) on equity securities sold during the period, which is summarized in the following table (in millions), represents the total net gains (losses) recognized after the initial purchase date of the equity security sold during the period. While these net gains (losses) may have been reflected in periods prior to the period of sale, we believe they are important supplemental information as they reflect the economic net gains (losses) on the securities sold during the period. Cumulative net