customers, partially offset by an increase in cash payments for cost of revenues and operating expenses.
42
Cash Used in Investing Activities
Cash provided by investing activities consists primarily of maturities and sales of investments in marketable and non-marketable securities. Cash used in investing activities consists primarily of purchases of marketable and non-marketable securities, purchases of property and equipment, and payments for acquisitions.
Net cash used in investing activities increased from the three months ended March 31, 2024 to the three months ended March 31, 2025 primarily due to an increase in purchases of property and equipment and a decrease in maturities and sales of marketable securities, partially offset by a decrease in purchases of marketable securities. The increase in purchases of property and equipment is primarily driven by investments in technical infrastructure.
Cash Used in Financing Activities
Cash provided by financing activities consists primarily of proceeds from issuance of debt and proceeds from the sale of interests in consolidated entities. Cash used in financing activities consists primarily of repurchases of stock, net payments related to stock-based award activities, payment of dividends, and repayments of debt.
Net cash used in financing activities increased from the three months ended March 31, 2024 to the three months ended March 31, 2025
due to dividend payments, partially offset by an increase in proceeds from issuance of debt, net of repayments.
Liquidity and Material Cash Requirements
We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, and cash flows from operations and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months, and thereafter for the foreseeable future.
Capital Expenditures and Leases
We make investments in land, buildings, and servers and network equipment through purchases of property and equipment and lease arrangements to provide capacity for the growth of our services and products.
Capital Expenditures
Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of the following major categories:
•
technical infrastructure, which consists of our investments in servers and network equipment for computing, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities, including AI, and data center land and building construction; and
•
office facilities, ground-up development projects, and building improvements (also referred to as "fit-outs").
Assets not yet in service are those that are not ready for our intended use, including assets in the process of construction or assembly, and consists primarily of technical infrastructure. The time frame from date of purchase to placement in service of these assets may extend from months to years. For example, our data center construction projects are generally multi-year