assets
with a corresponding
liability
. Cash and non-cash collateral pledged related to derivative instruments under our collateral security arrangements are included in other current assets.
The gross amounts of derivative instruments subject to master netting arrangements with various counterparties, and cash and non-cash collateral received and pledged under such agreements were as follows (in millions):
18
(1)
The balances as of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025 were related to derivatives allowed to be net settled in accordance with our master netting agreements.
Note 4.
Leases
We have entered into operating and finance lease agreements primarily for data centers, land, and offices throughout the world with varying lease terms.
Components of lease costs were as follows (in millions):
Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows (in millions):
19
Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows (in millions):
(1)
Financing cash flows used for financing leases are included within financing activities of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as repayments of debt.
Future lease payments as of March 31, 2025 were as follows (in millions):
As of March 31, 2025, we have entered into leases primarily related to data centers that have not yet commenced with future lease payments of $
17.3
billion, that are not yet recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These leases will commence between 2025 and 2031 with non-cancelable lease terms between
one
and
25
years.
20
Note 5.
Variable Interest Entities
Consolidated VIEs
We consolidate VIEs in which we hold a variable interest and are the primary beneficiary. The results of operations and financial position of these VIEs are included in our consolidated financial statements.
For certain consolidated VIEs, their assets are not available to us, and their creditors do not have recourse to us. As of December 31, 2024
and March 31, 2025, assets that can only be used to settle obligations of these VIEs were $
8.7
billion and
$
7.8
billion, respectively, and are primarily included in cash and cash equivalents on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, liabilities for which creditors only have recourse to the VIEs were $
2.3
billion and $
2.0
billion, respectively. We may continue to fund ongoing operations of certain VIEs that are included within Other Bets.
As of December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, total noncontrolling interests (NCI) in our consolidated subsidiaries were $
4.2
billion and $
4.4
billion, respectively, of which $
1.1
billion was redeemable noncontrolling interests (RNCI) in each period. NCI and RNCI are included within additional paid-in capital. Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was not material for any period presented and is included within the "other" component of OI&E. See Note 7 for further details on OI&E.
Unconsolidated VIEs
We have investments in VIEs in which we are not the