certain matters. We have agreed to defend and/or indemnify certain parties against losses arising from a breach of representations or covenants, or out of intellectual property infringement or other claims made against certain parties. Several of these agreements limit the time within which an indemnification claim can be made and the amount of the claim. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and our bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations to our agents.
It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Additionally, the payments we have made under such agreements have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. However, to the extent that valid indemnification claims arise in the future, future payments by us could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows in a particular period.
As of March 31, 2025, we did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible.
Legal Matters
We record a liability when we believe that it is p
robable that a loss has been incurred, and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. We evaluate developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments as appropriate.
Certain outstanding matters seek speculative, substantial or indeterminate monetary amounts, substantial changes to our business practices and products, or structural remedies. Significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood of there being a loss and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters, and we may be unable to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of losses. The outcomes of outstanding legal matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, and could, either individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect.
We expense legal fees in the period in which they are incurred.
Antitrust Matters
We are subject to formal and informal inquiries and investigations as well as litigation on various competition matters by regulatory authorities and private parties in the U.S., Europe, and other jurisdictions globally, including the following:
•
Shopping:
In June 2017, the EC announced its decision that certain actions taken by Google relating to its display and ranking of shopping search results and ads infringed European antitrust laws and imposed a €
2.4
billion fine. In 2024, we made a cash payment of $
3.0
billion for the fine.
•
Android:
In July 2018,