Committee of the Board of relevant risk metrics and material exposures, including risk limits and thresholds established in our risk appetite statement.
Enterprise Risk, which reports to our chief risk officer, is responsible for ensuring that our enterprise risk management framework provides the Board, our risk committees and senior management with a consistent and integrated approach to managing our various risks in a manner consistent with our risk appetite.
Our first line of defense consists of our revenue-producing units, Conflicts Resolution, Controllers, Engineering, Corporate Treasury and certain other corporate functions. The first line of defense is responsible for its risk-generating activities, as well as for the design and execution of controls to mitigate such risks.
Our Risk and Compliance functions are considered our second line of defense and provide independent assessment, oversight and challenge of the risks taken by our first line of defense, as well as lead and participate in firmwide risk committees.
Internal Audit is considered our third line of defense, and our director of Internal Audit reports to the Audit Committee of the Board and administratively to our chief executive officer. Internal Audit includes professionals with a broad range of audit and industry experience, including risk management expertise. Internal Audit is responsible for independently assessing and validating the effectiveness of key controls, including those within the risk management framework, and providing timely reporting to the Audit Committee of the Board, senior management and regulators.
The three lines of defense structure promotes the accountability of first line risk takers, provides a framework for effective challenge by the second line and empowers independent review from the third line.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Processes.
We maintain various processes that are critical components of our risk management framework, including (i) risk identification and assessment, (ii) risk appetite, limits, thresholds and alerts, (iii) control monitoring and testing, and (iv) risk reporting.
•
Risk Identification and Assessment.
We believe the identification and assessment of our risks is a critical step in providing our Board and senior management transparency and insight into the range and materiality of our risks. We have a comprehensive data collection process, including firmwide policies and procedures that require all employees to report and escalate risk events. Our approach for risk identification and assessment is comprehensive across all risk types, is dynamic and forward-looking to reflect and adapt to our changing risk profile and business environment, leverages subject matter expertise, and allows for prioritization of our most critical risks. We perform risk assessments periodically with the aim of ensuring that our material financial and nonfinancial risks are mitigated through