been designated as a global systemically important bank (G-SIB).
The Capital Framework includes the minimum risk-based capital and the capital conservation buffer requirements. The buffer must consist entirely of capital that qualifies as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital.
The firm calculates its CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital ratios in accordance with both the Standardized and Advanced Capital Rules. Each of the ratios calculated under the Standardized and Advanced Capital Rules must meet its respective capital requirements.
Under the Capital Framework, the firm is also subject to leverage requirements which consist of a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio and a minimum supplementary leverage ratio (SLR), as well as the SLR buffer.
Consolidated Regulatory Capital Requirements
Risk-Based Capital Ratios.
The table below presents the risk-based capital requirements.
In the table above:
•
As of both December 2024 and December 2023, under both the Standardized and Advanced Capital Rules, the CET1 capital ratio requirement includes a minimum of
4.5
%, the Tier 1 capital ratio requirement includes a minimum of
6.0
% and the Total capital ratio requirement includes a minimum of
8.0
%. These requirements also include the capital conservation buffer requirements, consisting of the G-SIB surcharge (Method 2) of
3.0
% and the countercyclical capital buffer, which the FRB has set to
zero percent
. In addition, the capital conservation buffer requirements include the stress capital buffer (SCB) of
6.2
% as of December 2024 and
5.5
% as of December 2023 under the Standardized Capital Rules and a buffer of
2.5
% as of both December 2024 and December 2023 under the Advanced Capital Rules.
•
The G-SIB surcharge is updated annually based on financial data from the prior year and is generally applicable for the following year. The G-SIB surcharge is calculated using two methodologies, the higher of which is reflected in the firm’s risk-based capital requirements. The first calculation (Method 1) is based on the Basel Committee’s methodology which, among other factors, relies upon measures of the size, activity and complexity of each G-SIB. The second calculation (Method 2) uses similar inp
uts but includes a measure of reliance on short-term wholesale funding.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The table below presents information about risk-based capital ratios.
Leverage Ratios.
The table below presents the leverage requirements.
In the table above, the SLR requirement of
5
% includes a minimum of
3
% and a
2
% buffer applicable to G-SIBs.
The table below presents information about leverage ratios.
In the table above:
•
Average total assets represents the average daily assets for the quarter adjusted for the impact of Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL) transition.
•
Off-balance sheet and other exposures primarily includes the monthly average of off-balance sheet exposures, consisting of