2025. The impact of historical principal investments and the related attributed equity reduced the ROE for Asset & Wealth Management by 2.6 percentage points and the pre-tax margin by approximately 2 percentage points.
The table below presents our Asset management and Wealth management net revenues by line item in Asset & Wealth Management.
The table below presents our Equity investments net revenues by equity type and asset class.
The table below presents details about our Debt investments net revenues.
Operating Environment.
During the first quarter of 2025, Asset & Wealth Management operated in an environment generally characterized by continued broad macroeconomic concerns and market volatility, including concerns and uncertainty about inflation, changes in international trade policies (including the potential for new or increased tariffs), geopolitical risk and global central bank policies. These factors contributed to a decrease in U.S. equity prices and an increase generally in non-U.S. equity prices and global bond prices compared with the end of 2024.
In the future, if market and economic conditions deteriorate, it may lead to a decline in asset prices, or investors transitioning to asset classes that typically generate lower fees or withdrawing their assets, and net revenues in Asset & Wealth Management would likely be negatively impacted.
Three Months Ended March 2025 versus March 2024.
Net revenues in Asset & Wealth Management were $3.68 billion for the first quarter of 2025, 3% lower than the first quarter of 2024, reflecting significantly lower net revenues in Equity investments and Debt investments, partially offset by higher Management and other fees. Net revenues in Private banking and lending and Incentive fees were also higher.
The decrease in Equity investments net revenues reflected significantly lower net gains from investments in private equities and higher net losses from investments in public equities. The decrease in Debt investments net revenues reflected significantly lower net interest income due to a reduction in the debt investments balance sheet and net losses compared with net gains in the prior year period. The increase in Management and other fees primarily reflected the impact of higher average assets under supervision. The increase in Private banking and lending net revenues primarily reflected higher net interest income from lending. The increase in Incentive fees was driven by harvesting.
Provision for credit losses was $19 million for the first quarter of 2025, compared with a net benefit of $22 million for the first quarter of 2024.
Operating expenses were $2.87 billion for the first quarter of 2025, 2% lower than the first quarter of 2024, due to significantly lower CIEs expenses, including impairments, partially offset by higher transaction based expenses. Pre-tax earnings were $788 million for the first quarter of 2025, 10% lower than the first quarter of 2024.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND