Independence Determinations, our Policy on Reporting of Concerns Regarding Accounting and Other Matters, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics governing our directors, officers and employees. Within the time period required by the SEC, we will post on our website any amendment to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any waiver applicable to any executive officer, director or senior financial officer.
Our website also includes information about (i) purchases and sales of our equity securities by our executive officers and directors; (ii) disclosure relating to certain non-GAAP financial measures (as defined in the SEC’s Regulation G) that we may make public orally, telephonically, by webcast, by broadcast or by other means; (iii) our DFAST results; (iv) the public portion of our and GS Bank USA’s resolution plan submissions; (v) our Pillar 3 disclosure; (vi) our average daily LCR; (vii) our average daily NSFR; (viii) our People Strategy Report; (ix) our Sustainability Report; and (x) our Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Report.
Investor Relations can be contacted at The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 200 West Street, 29th Floor, New York, New York 10282, Attn: Investor Relations, telephone: 212-902-0300, e-mail:
gs-investor-relations@gs.com
. We use the following, as well as other social media channels, to disclose public information to investors, the media and others:
•
Our website (
www.goldmansachs.com
);
•
Our X, formerly known as Twitter, account (
x.com/GoldmanSachs
); and
•
Our Instagram account (
instagram.com/GoldmanSachs
).
Our officers may use similar social media channels to disclose public information. It is possible that certain information we or our officers post on our website and on social media could be deemed material, and we encourage investors, the media and others interested in Goldman Sachs to review the business and financial information we or our officers post on our website and on the social media channels identified above. The information on our website and those social media channels is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-Q.
Forward-Looking Statements
We have included in this Form 10-Q, and our management may make, statements that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts or statements of current conditions, but instead represent only our beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control.
By identifying these statements for you in this manner, we are alerting you to the possibility that our actual results, financial condition, liquidity and capital actions may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results, financial condition, liquidity and capital actions in these forward-looking statements. Important factors