were $5.03 billion as of March 2025 and $5.04 billion as of December 2024. Additionally, we have access to funding through the Federal Reserve discount window, but we do not rely on this funding in our liquidity planning and stress testing.
Unsecured Short-Term Borrowings.
A significant portion of our unsecured short-term borrowings was originally long-term debt that is scheduled to mature within one year of the reporting date. We use unsecured short-term borrowings, including U.S. and non-U.S. hybrid financial instruments and commercial paper, to finance liquid assets and for other cash management purposes. In accordance with regulatory requirements, Group Inc. does not issue debt with an original maturity of less than one year, other than to its subsidiaries. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unsecured short-term borrowings.
Unsecured Long-Term Borrowings.
Unsecured long-term borrowings, including structured notes, are raised through syndicated U.S. registered offerings, U.S. registered and Rule 144A medium-term note programs, offshore medium-term note offerings and other debt offerings. We issue in different tenors, currencies and products to maximize the diversification of our investor base.
The table below presents our quarterly unsecured long-term borrowings maturity profile.
The weighted average maturity of our unsecured long-term borrowings as of March 2025 was approximately seven years. To mitigate refinancing risk, we seek to limit the principal amount of debt maturing over the course of any monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual time horizon. We enter into interest rate swaps to convert a portion of our unsecured long-term borrowings into floating-rate obligations to manage our exposure to interest rates. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unsecured long-term borrowings.
Shareholders’ Equity.
Shareholders’ equity is a stable and perpetual source of funding. See Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our shareholders’ equity.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Capital Management and Regulatory Capital
Capital adequacy is of critical importance to us. We have in place a comprehensive capital management policy that provides a framework, defines objectives and establishes guidelines to assist us in maintaining the appropriate level and composition of capital in both business-as-usual and stressed conditions.
Capital Management
We determine the appropriate amount and composition of our capital by considering multiple factors, including our current and future regulatory capital requirements, the results of our capital planning and stress testing process, the results of resolution capital models and other factors, such as rating agency guidelines, subsidiary capital requirements, the business environment and conditions in the financial markets.
We