through which managers establish goals with their team members at the start of the year, check in mid-year on progress and then close out the year with a conversation on performance against goals.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
We believe that our people value opportunities to contribute to their communities and that these opportunities enhance their job satisfaction. We also believe that being able to volunteer together with colleagues and support community organizations through completing local service projects strengthens our people’s bond with us. Community TeamWorks, our signature volunteering initiative, enables our people to participate in high-impact, team-based volunteer opportunities, including projects coordinated with hundreds of nonprofit partner organizations worldwide. During 2024, our people volunteered approximately 103,000 hours of service globally through Community TeamWorks, with approximately 19,000 employees partnering with 660 nonprofit organizations on approximately 1,400 community projects.
Wellness
We recognize that for our people to be successful in the workplace they need support in their personal, as well as their professional, lives and that is why our wellness framework is designed to promote health and fitness, resilience, and work-life balance. We provide a number of policies for our employees that support taking time away from the office when needed, including a minimum of 20 weeks of parental leave and up to four weeks of family care leave in order to assist with the care of family members with a serious health condition, death of an immediate family member or miscarriage, in addition to bereavement leave. We allow managing directors to take time off without a fixed vacation day entitlement, and have also set a minimum annual expected vacation usage of 15 days for all employees. For longer-tenured employees, we offer an unpaid sabbatical leave.
We also continue to advance our resilience programs, offering our people a range of counseling, coaching, medical advisory and personal wellness services. We have introduced and globally scaled the internationally recognized Mental Health First Aid certification to our people. As of December 2024, over 1,300 employees were certified across the firm, surpassing our goal to train 1,000 Mental Health First Aiders by the end of 2024. We have evolved and strengthened virtual offerings to enhance access to support, with the aim of maintaining the physical and mental well-being of our people, and enhancing their effectiveness and productivity. We also launched a manager mental health training to help support leaders globally, achieving a completion rate of approximately 85%.
We understand the crucial role caregiving plays in the lives of our employees. To help enable employees to better balance their roles at work and their responsibilities at home, we offer a variety of family-centered benefits, including adoption and surrogacy stipends, as well as adult or