“our,” we mean Group Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. When we use the term “our subsidiaries,” we mean the consolidated subsidiaries of Group Inc. References to “this Form 10-K” are to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. All references to “the consolidated financial statements” or “Supplemental Financial Information” are to Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. All references to 2024, 2023 and 2022 refer to our years ended, or the dates, as the context requires, December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. Any reference to a future year refers to a year ending on December 31 of that year. Certain reclassifications have been made to previously reported amounts to conform to the current presentation.
Group Inc. is a bank holding company and a financial holding company regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB).
In this discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations, we have included information that constitutes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts or statements of current conditions, but instead represent only our beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control.
By identifying these statements for you in this manner, we are alerting you to the possibility that our actual results, financial condition, liquidity and capital actions may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results, financial condition, liquidity and capital actions in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our results, financial condition, liquidity and capital actions to differ from those in these statements include, among others, those described in “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K and “Forward-Looking Statements” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
These statements may relate to, among other things, (i) our future plans and results, including our target return on average common shareholders’ equity (ROE), return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity (ROTE), efficiency ratio, Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio and firmwide total credit alternative assets, and how they can be achieved, (ii) trends in or growth opportunities for our businesses, including the timing, costs, profitability, benefits and other aspects of business and strategic initiatives and their impact on our efficiency ratio, as well as the opportunities and challenges presented by artificial intelligence (AI), (iii) our level of future compensation expense, (iv) our Investment banking fees backlog and future advisory and capital markets results, (v) our expected interest income and interest expense, (vi) our expense