adequacy. Tangible common shareholders’ equity is a non-GAAP measure and may not be comparable to similar non-GAAP measures used by other companies.
•
Book value per common share and tangible book value per common share are based on common shares outstanding and restricted stock units granted to employees with no future service requirements and not subject to performance or market conditions (collectively, basic shares) of 317.1 million as of March 2025 and 322.9 million as of December 2024. We believe that tangible book value per common share (tangible common shareholders’ equity divided by basic shares) is meaningful because it is a measure that we and investors use to assess capital adequacy. Tangible book value per common share is a non-GAAP measure and may not be comparable to similar non-GAAP measures used by other companies.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Funding Sources
Our primary sources of funding are deposits, collateralized financings, unsecured short- and long-term borrowings, and shareholders’ equity. We seek to maintain broad and diversified funding sources globally across products, programs, markets, currencies and creditors to avoid funding concentrations.
The table below presents information about our funding sources.
Our funding is primarily raised in U.S. dollar, Euro, British pound and Japanese yen. We generally distribute our funding products through our own sales force and third-party distributors to a large, diverse creditor base in a variety of markets in the Americas, Europe and Asia. We believe that our relationships with our creditors are critical to our liquidity. Our creditors include banks, governments, securities lenders, corporations, pension funds, insurance companies, mutual funds and individuals. We have imposed various internal guidelines to monitor creditor concentration across our funding programs.
Deposits.
Our deposits provide us with a diversified source of funding and reduce our reliance on wholesale funding. We raise deposits, including savings, demand and time deposits, from consumers, private bank clients, through internal and third-party broker-dealers, transaction banking clients and other institutional clients. Substantially all of our deposits are raised through Goldman Sachs Bank USA (GS Bank USA), Goldman Sachs International Bank (GSIB) and Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (GSBE).
The table below presents the types and sources of deposits.
In the table above:
•
Savings and demand accounts consist of money market deposit accounts, negotiable order of withdrawal accounts and demand deposit accounts that have no stated maturity or expiration date.
•
Time deposits had a weighted average maturity of approximately 0.7 years as of March 2025 and approximately 0.6 years as of December 2024.
•
Consumer deposits consist of deposits from both Marcus and Apple Card customers.
•
Deposit sweep programs include contractual agreements with U.S. broker-dealers