balance sheets) in qualified affordable housing and renewable energy projects that met the criteria of the proportional amortization method of accounting.
In the table above, investments included $
2.15
billion as of December 2024 and $
2.26
billion as of December 2023 of accrued unfunded commitments. As of December 2024, a majority of such accrued unfunded commitments were expected to be funded by year-end 2026.
The table below presents information about the amortization and income tax credits and other income tax benefits related to investments in qualified affordable housing and renewable energy projects that met the criteria of the proportional amortization method of accounting.
Investments in qualified affordable housing projects that did not meet the criteria for the proportional amortization method of accounting were not material as of both December 2024 and December 2023.
The firm’s existing investments in renewable energy projects that receive production tax credits were not eligible for transition to the proportional amortization method of accounting upon adoption of ASU No. 2023-02. Such investments were $
1.39
billion as of December 2024 and $
1.40
billion as of December 2023, were included in investments in the consolidated balance sheets and were accounted for at fair value under the fair value option.
Consolidated VIEs
The table below presents a summary of the carrying value and balance sheet classification of assets and liabilities in consolidated VIEs.
In the table above:
•
Assets and liabilities are presented net of intercompany eliminations and exclude the benefit of offsetting financial instruments that are held to mitigate the risks associated with the firm’s variable interests.
•
VIEs in which the firm holds a majority voting interest are excluded if (i) the VIE meets the definition of a business and (ii) the VIE’s assets can be used for purposes other than the settlement of its obligations.
•
Substantially all assets can only be used to settle obligations of the VIE.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The table below presents information, by principal business activity, for consolidated VIEs included in the summary table above.
In the table above, creditors and beneficial interest holders of real estate, credit-related and other investing VIEs do not have recourse to the general credit of the firm.
Note 18.
Commitments,
Contingencies
and
Guarantees
Commitments
The table below presents commitments by type.
The table below presents commitments by expiration.
Lending Commitments
The firm’s commercial and warehouse financing lending commitments are agreements to lend with fixed termination dates and depend on the satisfaction of all contractual conditions to borrowing. These commitments are presented net of amounts syndicated to third parties. The total commitment amount does not necessarily reflect actual future cash flows because the firm may syndicate portions of these