Financing Transactions.
We enter into securities financing transactions in order to, among other things, facilitate client activities, invest excess cash, acquire securities to cover short positions and finance certain activities. We bear credit risk related to resale agreements and securities borrowed only to the extent that cash advanced or the value of securities pledged or delivered to the counterparty exceeds the value of the collateral received. We also have credit exposure on repurchase agreements and securities loaned to the extent that the value of securities pledged or delivered to the counterparty for these transactions exceeds the amount of cash or collateral received. Securities collateral for these transactions primarily includes U.S. and non-U.S. government and agency obligations.
The table below presents our credit exposure from securities financing transactions and the concentration by industry, region and internally determined public rating agency equivalents.
The table above reflects both netting agreements and collateral that we consider when determining credit risk.
Other Credit Exposures.
We are exposed to credit risk from our receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations and customers and counterparties. Receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations primarily consist of initial margin placed with clearing organizations and receivables related to sales of securities which have traded, but not yet settled. These receivables generally have minimal credit risk due to the low probability of clearing organization default and the short-term nature of receivables related to securities settlements. Receivables from customers and counterparties generally consist of collateralized receivables related to customer securities transactions and generally have minimal credit risk due to both the value of the collateral received and the short-term nature of these receivables.
The table below presents our other credit exposures and the concentration by industry, region and internally determined public rating agency equivalents.
The table above reflects collateral that we consider when determining credit risk.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Selected Exposures
We have credit and market exposures, as described below, that have had heightened focus given recent events and broad market concerns. Credit exposure represents the potential for loss due to the default or deterioration in credit quality of a counterparty or borrower. Market exposure represents the potential for loss in value of our long and short positions due to changes in market prices.
Country Exposures.
The Russian invasion of Ukraine has negatively affected the global economy and increased macroeconomic uncertainty. Our total credit exposure to Ukrainian counterparties or borrowers was not material as of December 2024. Our total market exposure to Ukrainian issuers as of December 2024 was $126