volumes may not be indicative of net revenues in a given period. In addition, transaction volumes for prior periods may vary from amounts previously reported due to the subsequent withdrawal or a change in the value of a transaction.
•
Equity and equity-related offerings includes Rule 144A and public common stock offerings, convertible offerings and rights offerings.
•
Debt offerings includes non-convertible preferred stock, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and taxable municipal debt. It also includes publicly registered and Rule 144A issues and excludes leveraged loans.
Operating Environment.
During the first quarter of 2025, Global Banking & Markets operated in an environment generally characterized by continued broad macroeconomic concerns and market volatility, including concerns and uncertainty about inflation, changes in international trade policies (including the potential for new or increased tariffs), geopolitical risks and global central bank policies.
In investment banking, industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions transactions, as well as industry-wide equity underwriting volumes, declined compared with the fourth quarter of 2024. Industry-wide debt underwriting volumes were significantly higher compared with the fourth quarter of 2024, as activity was strong to start the year.
In interest rates, the yield on 10-year U.S. government bonds decreased, while the yield on 10-year U.K. government bonds increased during the quarter. In equities, the S&P 500 Index decreased by 5% and the MSCI World Index decreased by 2%, with non-U.S. equities generally higher, compared with the end of 2024.
In the future, if market and economic conditions deteriorate, and market-making activity levels decline or investment banking activity levels continue to decline, or credit spreads related to hedges on our relationship lending portfolio tighten, net revenues in Global Banking & Markets would likely be negatively impacted. In addition, if economic conditions deteriorate or if the creditworthiness of borrowers deteriorates, provision for credit losses would likely be negatively impacted.
Three Months Ended March 2025 versus March 2024.
Net revenues in Global Banking & Markets were $10.71 billion for the first quarter of 2025, 10% higher than the first quarter of 2024.
Investment banking fees were $1.91 billion, 8% lower than the first quarter of 2024, primarily due to significantly lower net revenues in Advisory compared with a strong prior year period, partially offset by higher net revenues in Debt underwriting, primarily driven by asset-backed and investment-grade activity. Net revenues in Equity underwriting were unchanged.
As of March 2025, our Investment banking fees backlog increased compared with December 2024, primarily reflecting higher estimated net revenues from potential advisory transactions, partially offset by lower estimated net revenues from potential equity underwriting transactions (primarily from initial