by the PRA and the FCA. GSI is subject to the U.K. capital framework, which is largely based on Basel III.
The table below presents GSI’s risk-based capital requirements.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The table below presents information about GSI’s risk-based capital ratios.
In the table above, the risk-based capital ratios as of March 2025 excluded GSI's profits for the first quarter of 2025, which may be distributed as dividends in the future, subject to approval by GSI’s Board of Directors after such profits are verified by GSI's external auditors.
The table below presents GSI’s leverage ratio requirement and leverage ratio.
In the table above, the leverage ratio as of March 2025 excluded GSI's profits for the first quarter of 2025, which may be distributed as dividends in the future, subject to approval by GSI’s Board of Directors after such profits are verified by GSI's external auditors.
GSI is a registered swap dealer with the CFTC and a registered security-based swap dealer with the SEC. As of both March 2025 and December 2024, GSI was subject to and in compliance with applicable capital requirements for swap dealers and security-based swap dealers.
GSJCL, our Japanese broker-dealer, is regulated by Japan’s Financial Services Agency. GSJCL and certain other non-U.S. subsidiaries are also subject to capital requirements promulgated by authorities of the countries in which they operate. As of both March 2025 and December 2024, these subsidiaries were in compliance with their local capital requirements.
Regulatory and Other Matters
Regulatory Matters
Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and supervision worldwide. Regulations have been adopted or are being considered by regulators and policy makers worldwide. Given that many of the new and proposed rules are highly complex, the full impact of regulatory reform will not be known until the rules are implemented and market practices develop under the final regulations.
See “Business — Regulation” in Part I, Item 1 of the 2024 Form 10-K for further information about the laws, rules and regulations and proposed laws, rules and regulations that apply to us and our operations.
Other Matters
Narrowing our Focus on Consumer-Related Activities.
Since 2023, we have narrowed our focus with respect to consumer-related activities by taking the following actions:
•
We completed the sale of substantially all of the Marcus loan portfolio in 2023 (included within Asset & Wealth Management).
•
We sold our Personal Financial Management business in 2023 (included within Asset & Wealth Management).
•
We sold the majority of the GreenSky loan portfolio in 2023 and, during 2024, completed the sale of GreenSky (included within Platform Solutions).
•
During 2024, we entered into an agreement to transition the General Motors (GM) credit card program (included within Platform Solutions) to another issuer. The transition is expected to be completed in