providing financing for real estate and other assets.
Platform Solutions
The firm issues credit cards through partnership arrangements, raises deposits from Apple Card customers and provides transaction banking and other services, such as deposit-taking, payment solutions and other cash management services, for corporate and institutional clients. See Note 9 for information about the General Motors (GM) credit card program.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Note 2.
Basis of Presentation
These consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP) and include the accounts of Group Inc. and all other entities in which the firm has a controlling financial interest. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.
These consolidated financial statements are unaudited and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements included in the firm’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. References to “the 2024 Form 10-K” are to the firm’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Certain disclosures included in the annual financial statements have been condensed or omitted from these financial statements as they are not required for interim financial statements under U.S. GAAP and the rules of the SEC.
These unaudited consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented. These adjustments are of a normal, recurring nature. Interim period operating results may not be indicative of the operating results for a full year.
All references to March 2025 and March 2024 refer to the firm’s periods ended, or the dates, as the context requires, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively. All references to December 2024 refer to the date December 31, 2024. Any reference to a future year refers to a year ending on December 31 of that year. Certain reclassifications have been made to previously reported amounts to conform to the current presentation.
Note 3.
Significant Accounting Policies
The firm’s significant accounting policies include when and how to measure the fair value of assets and liabilities, measuring the allowance for credit losses on loans and lending commitments accounted for at amortized cost, and when to consolidate an entity. See Note 4 for policies on fair value measurements, Note 9 for policies on the allowance for credit losses, and below and Note 17 for policies on consolidation accounting. All other significant accounting policies are either described below or included in the following footnotes:
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Consolidation
The firm consolidates entities in which the firm has a controlling