appropriateness of the techniques used by management, (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of the aforementioned significant unobservable inputs, and either (iv) the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating (a) the appropriateness of the techniques used by management and (b) the reasonableness of the aforementioned significant unobservable inputs, or (v) the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of management’s estimate by (a) evaluating the appropriateness of the techniques used by management and (b) developing an independent estimate of fair value for a sample of certain level 3 securities using independently determined assumptions, and comparing the independent range of prices to management’s estimate.
Report  of  Independent  Registered  Public
Accounting Firm
Allowance for Credit Losses - Wholesale Loan Portfoli
o
As described in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the allowance for credit losses was $4.7 billion as of December 31, 2024, of which $2.1 billion relates to the wholesale loan portfolio. The allowance for credit losses for wholesale loans that exhibit similar risk characteristics is measured using a modeled approach. These models determine the probability of default and loss given default based on various risk factors, including internal credit ratings, industry default and loss data, expected life and macroeconomic indicators (the most significant to the forecast model being the forecasted U.S. unemployment and U.S. GDP growth rates), the borrower’s capacity to meet its financial obligations, the borrower’s country of risk and industry, loan seniority and collateral type. The allowance for credit losses also includes qualitative components which allow management to reflect the uncertain nature of economic forecasting, capture uncertainty regarding model inputs, and account for model imprecision and concentration risk.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the allowance for credit losses for the wholesale loan portfolio is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the allowance for credit losses for the wholesale loan portfolio using a modeled approach, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management’s internal credit ratings, forecasted U.S. unemployment and U.S. GDP growth rates, and the qualitative component to reflect the uncertain nature of economic forecasting, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the allowance for credit losses for