have been assigned long- and short-term issuer ratings by certain credit rating agencies. GS Bank USA, GSIB and GSBE have also been assigned long- and short-term issuer ratings, as well as ratings on their long- and short-term bank deposits. In addition, credit rating agencies have assigned ratings to debt obligations of certain other subsidiaries of Group Inc.
The level and composition of our capital are among the many factors considered in determining our credit ratings. Each agency has its own definition of eligible capital and methodology for evaluating capital adequacy, and assessments are generally based on a combination of factors rather than a single calculation. See “Risk Management — Liquidity Risk Management — Credit Ratings” for further information about credit ratings of Group Inc., GS Bank USA, GSIB, GSBE, GS&Co. and GSI.
Consolidated Regulatory Capital
We are subject to consolidated regulatory capital requirements which are calculated in accordance with the regulations of the FRB (Capital Framework). Under the Capital Framework, we are an “Advanced approaches” banking organization and have been designated as a G-SIB. In managing our capital, we consider a number of different capital requirements, the most binding of which can vary over time.
The capital requirements calculated under the Capital Framework include the capital conservation buffer requirements, which are comprised of a 2.5% buffer (under the Advanced Capital Rules), the SCB (under the Standardized Capital Rules), a countercyclical capital buffer (under both Capital Rules) and the G-SIB surcharge (under both Capital Rules). Our G-SIB surcharge is 3.0% for both 2024 and 2025 and is expected to be 3.5% beginning in 2026. The G-SIB surcharge and countercyclical capital buffer in the future may differ due to additional guidance from our regulators and/or positional changes, and our SCB can change significantly from year to year based on the results of the annual supervisory stress tests. Our target is to maintain capital ratios equal to the regulatory requirements plus a buffer of 50 to 100 basis points.
See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios, and the Capital Framework.
Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)
We are also subject to the FRB’s TLAC and related requirements. Failure to comply with the TLAC and related requirements would result in restrictions being imposed by the FRB and could limit our ability to repurchase shares, pay dividends and make certain discretionary compensation payments.
The table below presents TLAC and external long-term debt requirements.
In the table above:
•
The TLAC to RWAs requirement included (i) the 18% minimum, (ii) the 2.5% buffer, (iii) the countercyclical capital buffer, which the FRB has set to zero percent and (iv) the 1.5% G-SIB surcharge (Method 1).
•
The TLAC to leverage exposure requirement includes (i) the 7.5% minimum and (ii) the 2.0%