reputational impacts that our business activities may have.
We have implemented a comprehensive program designed to monitor reputational risk. The Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee, which reports into the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee, is responsible for assessing reputational risks arising from business opportunities that have been identified as having potential heightened reputational risk. This committee is also responsible for overseeing client-related business standards and addressing client-related reputational risk and considers, among other things, the potential effects any business opportunities, products, transactions, new activities, acquisitions, dispositions or investments could have on our reputation.
For further information about our risk management processes, see “Overview and Structure of Risk Management” and “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk are set forth in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Management of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries (the firm), is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The firm’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the firm’s principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the firm’s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
As of December 31, 2024, management conducted an assessment of the firm’s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has determined that the firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 was effective.
Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the firm; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection