were no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure during the last two years.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out by our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. In addition, no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the fourth quarter of our year ended December 31, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
Item 9B. Other Information
Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans
During the quarter ended December 2024, no directors or executive officers
entered into
, modified or
terminated
, contracts, instructions or written plans for the sale or purchase of Group Inc.’s securities that were intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1 or that constituted non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K).
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Information about our executive officers is included in “Business — Information about our Executive Officers” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. Information about our directors, including our audit committee and audit committee financial experts and the procedures by which shareholders can recommend director nominees, and our executive officers will be in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed within 120 days of the end of 2024 (2025 Proxy Statement) and is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference. Information about our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to our senior financial officers, is included in “Business — Available Information” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K.
We have adopted an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale and/or other disposition of our securities by our directors, officers and employees and other covered persons, as well as Group Inc. itself, that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and New York Stock Exchange listing standards. A copy of our insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item