“Overview and Structure of Risk Management” for information about the limit approval process.
Credit Risk is responsible for monitoring these limits, and identifying and escalating to senior management and/or the appropriate risk committee, on a timely basis, instances where limits have been exceeded.
Risk Mitigants
To reduce our credit exposures on derivatives and securities financing transactions, we may enter into netting agreements with counterparties that permit us to offset receivables and payables with such counterparties. We may also reduce credit risk with counterparties by entering into agreements that enable us to obtain collateral from them on an upfront or contingent basis and/or to terminate transactions if the counterparty’s credit rating falls below a specified level. We monitor the fair value of the collateral to ensure that our credit exposures are appropriately collateralized. We seek to minimize exposures where there is a significant positive correlation between the creditworthiness of our counterparties and the market value of collateral we receive.
For loans and lending commitments, depending on the credit quality of the borrower and other characteristics of the transaction, we employ a variety of potential risk mitigants. Risk mitigants include collateral provisions, guarantees, covenants, structural seniority of the bank loan claims and, for certain lending commitments, provisions in the legal documentation that allow us to adjust loan amounts, pricing, structure and other terms as market conditions change. The type and structure of risk mitigants employed can significantly influence the degree of credit risk involved in a loan or lending commitment.
When we do not have sufficient visibility into a counterparty’s financial strength or when we believe a counterparty requires support from its parent, we may obtain third-party guarantees of the counterparty’s obligations. We may also seek to mitigate our credit risk using credit derivatives or participation agreements.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Credit Exposures
As of December 2024, our aggregate credit exposure decreased slightly compared with December 2023, primarily reflecting a decrease in cash deposits with central banks, partially offset by an increase in loans and lending commitments. The percentage of our credit exposures arising from non-investment-grade counterparties (based on our internally determined public rating agency equivalents) increased compared with December 2023, primarily reflecting a decrease in investment-grade credit exposure related to cash deposits with central banks. Our credit exposures are described further below.
Cash and Cash Equivalents.
Our credit exposure on cash and cash equivalents arises from our unrestricted cash, and includes both interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing deposits. We seek to mitigate the risk of credit loss, by placing substantially all of our deposits with