Activities” for further information.
Provision for credit losses was $203 million for the first quarter of 2025, compared with $244 million for the first quarter of 2024. Provisions for the first quarter of 2025 reflected net provisions related to the credit card portfolio (driven by net charge-offs, partially offset by a reserve release due to a seasonal decline in balances). Provisions for the first quarter of 2024 reflected net provisions related to the credit card portfolio (driven by net charge-offs).
Operating expenses were $448 million for the first quarter of 2025, 22% lower than the first quarter of 2024, primarily reflecting the impact of the sale of GreenSky. Pre-tax earnings were $25 million for the first quarter of 2025, compared with a pre-tax loss of $117 million for the first quarter of 2024.
Geographic Data
See Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of our total net revenues and pre-tax earnings by geographic region.
Balance Sheet and Funding Sources
Balance Sheet Management
One of our risk management disciplines is our ability to manage the size and composition of our balance sheet. While our asset base changes due to client activity, market fluctuations and business opportunities, the size and composition of our balance sheet also reflects factors, including (i) our overall risk tolerance, (ii) the amount of capital we hold and (iii) our funding profile, among other factors. See “Capital Management and Regulatory Capital — Capital Management” for information about our capital management process.
Although our balance sheet fluctuates on a day-to-day basis, our total assets at quarter-end are generally not materially different from those occurring within our reporting periods.
In order to ensure appropriate risk management, we seek to maintain a sufficiently liquid balance sheet and have processes in place to dynamically manage our assets and liabilities, which include (i) balance sheet planning, (ii) setting balance sheet targets, (iii) monitoring of key metrics and (iv) scenario analyses.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Balance Sheet Planning.
We prepare a balance sheet plan that combines our projected total assets and composition of assets with our expected funding sources over a three-year time horizon. This plan is reviewed quarterly and may be adjusted in response to changing business needs or market conditions. The objectives of this planning process are:
•
To develop our balance sheet projections, taking into account the general state of the financial markets and expected business activity levels, as well as regulatory requirements;
•
To allow Corporate Treasury to evaluate balance sheet targets of our revenue-producing units and requests to change such targets in the context of our overall balance sheet constraints, including our liability profile and capital levels, and key metrics; and
•
To inform the target amount, tenor and type of funding to