liquidity risk, as well as our ability to generate revenues.
Our capital planning process incorporates an internal capital adequacy assessment with the objective of ensuring that we are appropriately capitalized relative to the risks in our businesses. We incorporate stress scenarios into our capital planning process with a goal of holding sufficient capital to ensure we remain adequately capitalized after experiencing a severe stress event. Our assessment of capital adequacy is viewed in tandem with our assessment of liquidity adequacy and is integrated into our overall risk management structure, governance and policy framework.
Our stress tests incorporate our internally designed stress scenarios, including our internally developed severely adverse scenario, and those required by the FRB, and are designed to capture our specific vulnerabilities and risks. We provide further information about our stress test processes and a summary of the results on our website as described in “Business — Available Information” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K.
As required by the FRB’s CCAR rules, we submit an annual capital plan for review by the FRB. The purpose of the FRB’s review is to ensure that we have a robust, forward-looking capital planning process that accounts for our unique risks and that permits continued operation during times of economic and financial stress.
The FRB evaluates us based, in part, on whether we have the capital necessary to continue operating under the baseline and severely adverse scenarios provided by the FRB and those developed internally. This evaluation also takes into account our process for identifying risk, our controls and governance for capital planning, and our guidelines for making capital planning decisions. In addition, the FRB evaluates our plan to make capital distributions (i.e., dividend payments and repurchases or redemptions of stock, subordinated debt or other capital securities) and issue capital, across the range of macroeconomic scenarios and firm-specific assumptions. The FRB determines the SCB applicable to us based on its own annual stress test. The SCB under the Standardized approach is calculated as (i) the difference between our starting and minimum projected CET1 capital ratios under the supe
rvisory severely adverse scenario and (ii) our planned common stock dividends for each of the fourth through seventh quarters of the planning horizon, expressed as a percentage of RWAs.
Based on our 2024 CCAR submission, the FRB increased our SCB from 5.5% to 6.2%, resulting in a Standardized CET1 capital ratio requirement of 13.7% for the period from October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025. See “Share Repurchase Program” for further information about common stock repurchases and dividends and “Consolidated Regulatory Capital” for further information about the G-SIB surcharge. We published a summary of our annual DFAST results in June 2024. See “Business — Available Information” in Part I, Item 1 of this