presents our three business segments and their revenue sources.
Global Banking & Markets
Global Banking & Markets serves public and private sector clients and we seek to develop and maintain long-term relationships with a diverse global group of institutional clients, including corporations, governments, states and municipalities. Our goal is to deliver to our institutional clients all of our resources in a seamless fashion, with our advisory and underwriting activities serving as the main initial point of contact. We make markets and facilitate client transactions in fixed income, currency, commodity and equity products and offer market expertise on a global basis. In addition, we make markets in, and clear client transactions on, major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide. Our clients include companies that raise capital and funding to grow and strengthen their businesses, and engage in mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense, restructurings and spin-offs, as well as companies that are professional market participants, who buy and sell financial products and manage risk, and investment entities whose ultimate clients include individual investors investing for their retirement, buying insurance or saving surplus cash.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
As a market maker, we provide prices to clients globally across thousands of products in all major asset classes and markets. At times, we take the other side of transactions ourselves if a buyer or seller is not readily available, and at other times we connect our clients to other parties who want to transact. Our willingness to make markets, commit capital and take risk in a broad range of products is crucial to our client relationships. Market makers provide liquidity and play a critical role in price discovery, which contributes to the overall efficiency of the capital markets. In connection with our market-making activities, we maintain (i) market-making positions, typically for a short period of time, in response to, or in anticipation of, client demand, and (ii) positions to actively manage our risk exposures that arise from these market-making activities (collectively, inventory).
We execute a high volume of transactions for our clients in large, highly liquid markets (such as markets for U.S. Treasury securities, stocks and certain agency mortgage pass-through securities). We also execute transactions for our clients in less liquid markets (such as mid-cap corporate bonds, emerging market currencies and certain non-agency mortgage-backed securities) for spreads and fees that are generally somewhat larger than those charged in more liquid markets. Additionally, we structure and execute transactions involving customized or tailor-made products that address our clients’ risk exposures, investment objectives or other complex needs, as well as derivative transactions related to client advisory and underwriting activities.
Through our global sales force,