to dismiss the second amended complaint.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Credit Default Swap Antitrust Litigation
Group Inc., GS&Co. and GSI were among the defendants named in a putative antitrust class action relating to the settlement of credit default swaps, filed on June 30, 2021 in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Mexico. The complaint generally asserts claims under federal antitrust law and the Commodity Exchange Act in connection with an alleged conspiracy among the defendants to manipulate the benchmark price used to value credit default swaps for settlement. The complaint also asserts a claim for unjust enrichment under state common law. The complaint seeks declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as unspecified amounts of treble and other damages. On November 15, 2021, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. On February 4, 2022, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint and voluntarily dismissed Group Inc. from the action. On June 5, 2023, the court dismissed the claims against certain foreign defendants for lack of personal jurisdiction but denied the defendants’ motion to dismiss with respect to GS&Co., GSI and the remaining defendants. On January 24, 2024, the court granted the defendants’ motion to stay the proceedings pending the resolution of the motion filed by the defendants on November 3, 2023 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York to enforce a 2015 settlement and release among the parties. On January 26, 2024, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York granted the defendants’ motion to enforce the settlement and release and enjoined the plaintiffs from pursuing any claims against the defendants in the New Mexico action for any alleged violation of law based on conduct before June 30, 2014, and on February 23, 2024, the plaintiffs appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Consumer Investigation and Review
The firm has been cooperating with the CFPB and other governmental bodies relating to investigations and/or inquiries concerning GS Bank USA’s credit card account management practices and is providing information regarding the application of refunds, crediting of nonconforming payments, billing error resolution, advertisements, reporting to credit bureaus, and any other consumer-related information requested by them, and GS Bank USA has entered into a consent order, without admitting or denying the findings, to resolve the CFPB’s investigation. The consent order requires a $
45
million penalty, approximately $
20
million in restitution (to be offset by restitution GS Bank USA has already provided to consumers), and certain non-monetary remedial measures. The firm has paid the full amount of the settlement.
Regulatory Investigations and Reviews and Related Litigation
Group Inc. and certain of its affiliates are subject to a number of other investigations and reviews by, and,