Business Continuity and Information Security” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K for further information about business continuity.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Cybersecurity Risk Management
Overview
Cybersecurity risk is the risk of compromising the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our data and systems, leading to an adverse impact to us, our reputation, our clients and/or the broader financial system. We seek to minimize the occurrence and impact of unauthorized access, disruption or use of information and/or information systems. We deploy and operate preventive and detective controls and processes to mitigate emerging and evolving information security and cybersecurity threats, including monitoring our network for known vulnerabilities and signs of unauthorized attempts to access our data and systems. There is increased information risk through diversification of our data across external service providers, including use of a variety of cloud-provided or -hosted services and applications. In addition, new AI technologies may increase the frequency and severity of cybersecurity attacks. See “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for further information about information and cybersecurity risk.
Cybersecurity Risk Management Process
Our cybersecurity risk management processes are integrated into our overall risk management processes described in the “Overview and Structure of Risk Management.”
We have established an Information Security and Cybersecurity Program (the Cybersecurity Program), administered by Technology Risk within Engineering, and overseen by our CISO. This program is designed to identify, assess, document and mitigate threats, govern, establish and evaluate compliance with information security mandates, adopt and apply our security control framework, and prevent, detect and respond to security incidents. The Cybersecurity Program is periodically reviewed and modified to respond to changing threats and conditions. A dedicated Operational Risk team, which reports to the chief risk officer, provides oversight and challenge of the Cybersecurity Program, independent of Technology Risk, and assesses the operating effectiveness of the program against industry standard frameworks and Board risk appetite-approved operational risk limits and thresholds.
Our process for managing cybersecurity risk includes the critical components of our risk management framework described in the “Overview and Structure of Risk Management,” as well as the following:
•
Training and education, to enable our people to recognize information and cybersecurity threats and respond accordingly;
•
Identity and access management, including entitlement management and production access;
•
Application and software security, including software change management, open source software, and backup and restoration;
•
Infrastructure security, including monitoring our network for known