inputs used to value the firm’s other financial assets and liabilities are described below.
Resale and Repurchase Agreements and Securities Borrowed and Loaned.
The significant inputs to the valuation of resale and repurchase agreements and securities borrowed and loaned are funding spreads, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows and interest rates.
Customer and Other Receivables.
The significant inputs to the valuation of receivables are interest rates, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows and funding spreads.
Deposits.
The significant inputs to the valuation of time deposits are interest rates and the amount and timing of future cash flows. The inputs used to value the embedded derivative component of hybrid financial instruments are consistent with the inputs used to value the firm’s other derivative instruments described above. See Note 7 for further information about derivatives and Note 13 for further information about deposits.
Other Secured Financings.
The significant inputs to the valuation of other secured financings are the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, interest rates, funding spreads and the fair value of the collateral delivered by the firm (determined using the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, market prices, market yields and recovery assumptions). See Note 11 for further information about other secured financings.
Unsecured Short- and Long-Term Borrowings.
The significant inputs to the valuation of unsecured short- and long-term borrowings are the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, interest rates, the credit spreads of the firm and commodity prices for prepaid commodity transactions. The inputs used to value the embedded derivative component of hybrid financial instruments are consistent with the inputs used to value the firm’s other derivative instruments described above. See Note 7 for further information about derivatives and Note 14 for further information about borrowings.
Other Assets and Liabilities.
The significant inputs to the valuation of other assets and liabilities are the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, interest rates, market yields, volatility and correlation inputs. The inputs used to value the embedded derivative component of hybrid financial instruments are consistent with the inputs used to value the firm’s other derivative instruments described above. See Note 7 for further information about derivatives.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Note 5.
Fair Value Hierarchy
Financial assets and liabilities at fair value includes trading cash instruments, derivatives, and certain investments, loans and other financial assets and liabilities at fair value.
Trading Cash Instruments
Fair Value by Level.
The table below presents trading cash instruments by level within the fair value hierarchy.
Trading cash instruments consists of instruments held in connection with