for compliance with new or amended laws, rules and regulations; designs and implements controls, policies, procedures and training; conducts independent testing; investigates, surveils and monitors for compliance risks and breaches; and leads our responses to regulatory examinations, audits and inquiries. We monitor and review business practices to assess whether they meet or exceed minimum regulatory and legal standards in all markets and jurisdictions in which we conduct business.
Conflicts Management
Conflicts of interest and our approach to dealing with them are fundamental to our client relationships, our reputation and our long-term success. The term “conflict of interest” does not have a universally accepted meaning, and conflicts can arise in many forms within a business or between businesses. The responsibility for identifying potential conflicts, as well as complying with our policies and procedures, is shared by all of our employees.
We have a multilayered approach to resolving conflicts and addressing reputational risk. Our senior management oversees policies related to conflicts resolution and, in conjunction with Conflicts Resolution, Legal and Compliance, and internal committees, formulates policies, standards and principles, and assists in making judgments regarding the appropriate resolution of particular conflicts. Resolving potential conflicts necessarily depends on the facts and circumstances of a particular situation and the application of experienced and informed judgment.
As a general matter, Conflicts Resolution reviews financing and advisory assignments in Global Banking & Markets and certain of our investing, lending and other activities. In addition, we have various transaction oversight committees that also review new underwritings, loans, investments and structured products. These groups and committees work with internal and external counsel and Compliance to evaluate and address any actual or potential conflicts. The head of Conflicts Resolution reports to our chief legal officer, who reports to our chief executive officer.
We regularly assess our policies and procedures that address conflicts of interest in an effort to conduct our business in accordance with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
Reputational Risk Management
Reputational risk is the potential risk that negative publicity regarding our business practices, whether true or not, will cause a decline in our customer base, costly litigation or revenue reductions. Our reputation is critical to effectively serving our clients and fostering and maintaining long-term client relationships, and it is integral to how we are viewed by our key stakeholders.
In evaluating business opportunities, reputational risk is one of the most significant components we consider. We evaluate the ethics, suitability and transparency of transactions undertaken by us. Our employees are responsible for considering the