prior to retirement.
Defined Benefit Pension Plans and Postretirement Plans
Employees of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries participate in various defined benefit pension plans. These plans generally provide benefits based on years of credited service and a percentage of eligible compensation. The firm maintains a defined benefit pension plan for certain U.K. employees. As of April 2008, the U.K. defined benefit plan was closed to new participants and frozen for existing participants as of March 31, 2016. The non-U.S. plans do not have a material impact on the firm’s consolidated results of operations.
The firm also maintains a defined benefit pension plan for substantially all U.S. employees hired prior to November 1, 2003. As of November 2004, this plan was closed to new participants and frozen for existing participants. In addition, the firm maintains unfunded postretirement benefit plans that provide medical and life insurance for eligible retirees and their dependents covered under these programs. These plans do not have a material impact on the firm’s consolidated results of operations.
The firm recognizes the funded status of its defined benefit pension and postretirement plans, measured as the difference between the fair value of the plan assets and the benefit obligation, in the consolidated balance sheets.
As of December 2024, other assets included $
73
million (related to overfunded pension plans) and other liabilities included $
344
million related to these plans. As of December 2023, other assets included $
93
million (related to overfunded pension plans) and other liabilities included $
449
million related to these plans.
Defined Contribution Plans
The firm contributes to employer-sponsored U.S. and non-U.S. defined contribution plans. The firm’s contribution to these plans was $
382
million for 2024, $
377
million for 2023 and $
378
million for 2022.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 29.
Employee Incentive Plans
The cost of employee services received in exchange for a share-based award is generally measured based on the grant-date fair value of the award. Share-based awards that do not require future service (i.e., vested awards, including awards granted to retirement-eligible employees) are expensed immediately. Share-based awards that require future service are amortized over the relevant service period. Forfeitures are recorded when they occur.
Cash dividend equivalents paid on RSUs are generally charged to retained earnings. If RSUs that require future service are forfeited, the related dividend equivalents originally charged to retained earnings are reclassified to compensation expense in the period in which forfeiture occurs.
The firm generally issues new shares of common stock upon delivery of share-based awards. In limited cases, as outlined in the applicable award agreements, the firm may cash settle share-based awards accounted for as equity instruments. For these