To the extent that such efforts are successful, the cost of, and liabilities associated with, engaging in brokerage, clearing, market-making, prime financing, investing and other similar activities could increase significantly. To the extent that we have fiduciary obligations in connection with acting as a financial adviser or investment adviser or in other roles for individual, institutional, sovereign or investment fund clients, any breach, or even an alleged breach, of such obligations could have materially negative legal, regulatory and reputational consequences.
For information about the extensive regulation to which our businesses are subject, see “Business — Regulation” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K.
A failure to appropriately identify and address potential conflicts of interest has in the past and may in the future adversely affect our businesses.
Due to the broad scope of our businesses and our client base, we regularly address potential conflicts of interest, including situations where our services to a particular client or our own investments or other interests conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of that client or another client, as well as situations where one or more of our businesses have access to material non-public information that may not be shared with our other businesses and situations where we may be a creditor of an entity with which we also have an advisory or other relationship.
In addition, our status as a BHC subjects us to heightened regulation and increased regulatory scrutiny by the FRB with respect to transactions between GS Bank USA and its subsidiaries and entities that are or could be viewed as affiliates of ours and, under the Volcker Rule, transactions between us and covered funds.
We have extensive procedures and controls that are designed to identify and address conflicts of interest, including those designed to prevent the improper sharing of information among our businesses. However, appropriately identifying and dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult, and our reputation, which is one of our most important assets, could be damaged and the willingness of clients to enter into transactions with us may be adversely affected if we fail, or appear to fail, to identify, disclose and deal appropriately with conflicts of interest. In addition, potential or perceived conflicts have in the past and may in the future give rise to litigation, government investigations or enforcement actions. Additionally, our One Goldman Sachs initiative, as well as the alignment of our businesses, aim to increase collaboration among our businesses, which may increase the potential for actual or perceived conflicts of interest and improper information sharing.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
We may be adversely affected by increased governmental and regulatory scrutiny or negative publicity.
Governmental scrutiny from regulators, legislative bodies and law enforcement