senior leaders, and is chaired by our chief executive officer. Most members of the Management Committee are also members of other committees. The following are the committees that are principally involved in firmwide risk management.
Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee.
The Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee is responsible for overseeing all of our financial and nonfinancial risks. As part of such oversight, the committee is responsible for the ongoing review, approval and monitoring of our enterprise risk management framework, as well as our risk limits, and thresholds and alerts policy, through delegated authority to the Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee. The Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee also reviews new significant strategic business initiatives to determine whether they are consistent with our risk appetite and risk management capabilities. Additionally, the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee performs enhanced reviews of significant risk events, the top residual and emerging risks, and the overall risk and control environment in each of our business units in order to propose uplifts, identify elements that are common to all business units and analyze the consolidated residual risks that we face. This committee, which reports to the Management Committee, is co-chaired by our president and chief operating officer and our chief risk officer, who are appointed as chairs by our chief executive officer, and the vice-chair is our chief financial officer, who is appointed as vice-chair by the chairs of the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee. The Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee also periodically provides updates to, and receives guidance from, the Risk Committee of the Board. The following are the primary committees that report to the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee:
•
Firmwide New Activity Committee.
The Firmwide New Activity Committee is responsible for reviewing new activities and, upon referral by the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee, significant strategic business initiatives. Additionally, the Firmwide New Activity Committee may review previously approved activities that are significant and/or that have changed in complexity and/or structure or present different reputational and suitability concerns over time to consider whether these activities remain appropriate. This committee is co-chaired by the head of Finance Risk and a managing director within Controllers, who are appointed as chairs by the chairs of the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee.
•
Firmwide Technology Risk Committee.
The Firmwide Technology Risk Committee is responsible for reviewing matters related to the design, development, deployment and use of technology. This committee oversees cybersecurity matters, as well as technology risk management frameworks and methodologies, and monitors their effectiveness. This committee is co-chaired by our CISO and our chief technology officer, who are appointed as chairs by the chairs of the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee. To