current and future regulatory capital requirements, the review of the results of our capital planning and stress tests processes, and the results of our capital models. In addition, our risk committees and senior management are responsible for the review of our contingency capital plan, key capital adequacy metrics, including regulatory capital ratios, and capital plan metrics, such as the payout ratio, as well as monitoring capital targets and potential breaches of capital requirements.
Our process for managing capital risk also includes independent oversight by Risk that assesses our capital management framework, regulatory capital policies and related interpretations and escalates certain interpretations to senior management and/or the appropriate risk committee. This oversight includes, among other things, independent review and challenge of our capital ratio targets, planned capital actions and regulatory capital calculations; analysis of the related documentation; independent testing; and an assessment of the appropriateness of the calculations and their alignment with the relevant regulatory capital rules.
Climate-Related and Environmental Risk Management
We categorize climate-related and environmental risks into physical risk and transition risk. Physical risk is the risk that asset values may decline or operations may be disrupted as a result of changes in the climate, while transition risk is the risk that asset values may decline because of changes in climate policies or changes in the underlying economy due to decarbonization.
Climate-related and environmental risks manifest in different ways across our businesses. We have continued to make significant enhancements to our climate risk management framework, including steps to further integrate climate risk into our broader risk management processes. We have integrated oversight of climate-related risks into our risk management governance structure, from senior management to our Board and its committees, including the Risk and Public Responsibilities committees. The Risk Committee of the Board oversees firmwide financial and nonfinancial risks, which include climate risk, and, as part of its oversight, receives updates on our risk management approach to climate risk, including our approaches towards scenario analysis and integration into existing risk management processes. The Public Responsibilities Committee of the Board assists the Board in its oversight of our firmwide sustainability strategy and sustainability issues affecting us, including with respect to climate change. As part of its oversight, the Public Responsibilities Committee receives periodic updates on our sustainability strategy and disclosures, and also periodically reviews our governance and related policies and processes for climate and other sustainability-related matters. Senior management within Risk, in coordination with senior management in our revenue-producing units, is responsible for the development of the