significantly higher Investment banking fees and higher net revenues in Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities (FICC). The increase in net revenues in Asset & Wealth Management primarily reflected significantly higher net revenues in Equity investments and higher Management and other fees. Net revenues in Platform Solutions were slightly higher.
Provision for credit losses was $1.35 billion for 2024, compared with $1.03 billion for 2023. Provisions for 2024 reflected net provisions related to the credit card portfolio (primarily driven by net charge-offs). Provisions for 2023 reflected net provisions related to both the credit card portfolio (primarily driven by net charge-offs) and wholesale loans (primarily driven by impairments), partially offset by reserve reductions related to the transfer of the GreenSky loan portfolio to held for sale and the sale of substantially all of the
Marcus by Goldman Sachs
(Marcus) loan portfolio.
Operating expenses were $33.77 billion for 2024, 2% lower than 2023, reflecting decreases driven by significantly lower expenses, including impairments, related to commercial real estate in consolidated investment entities (CIEs) and other significant expenses recognized in the prior year, including the write-down of identifiable intangible assets related to GreenSky Holdings, LLC (GreenSky), an impairment of goodwill related to Consumer platforms and the FDIC special assessment fee. These decreases were partially offset by higher compensation and benefits expenses (reflecting improved operating performance) and higher transaction based expenses. Our efficiency ratio (total operating expenses divided by total net revenues) was 63.1% for 2024, compared with 74.6% for 2023.
During 2024, we returned a total of $11.80 billion of capital to common shareholders, including $8.00 billion of common share repurchases and $3.80 billion of common stock dividends. As of December 2024, our CET1 capital ratio was 15.0% under the Standardized Capital Rules and 15.3% under the Advanced Capital Rules. See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our capital ratios.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Business Environment
In 2024, the global economy grew, but was impacted throughout the year by broad macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns. Concerns regarding inflation and ongoing geopolitical stresses, including tensions with China and the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, remained elevated. Despite these concerns, the economy in the U.S. has remained resilient and equity markets have reacted favorably to the outcomes of national elections. Additionally, markets were focused on policy interest rate cuts by several central banks, including the first rate cut by U.S. Federal Reserve since it began increasing the rate in 2022.
There remains uncertainty and concerns about geopolitical risks, central bank policy and inflation. See “Results of