evaluations to bank size and type, with many of the changes applying only to banks with over $2 billion in assets and several applying only to banks with over $10 billion in assets, including GS Bank USA. A court has issued a preliminary injunction enjoining the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies from enforcing the revised regulations pending resolution of the lawsuit challenging the regulations.
The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution’s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community, but depository institutions may only receive CRA credit for certain types of lending and for lending, investments and services that support community development, as defined in the CRA regulations. The CRA and its regulations require each appropriate federal bank regulatory agency, in connection with its examination of a depository institution, to assess such institution’s record of meeting the credit needs of the communities served by that institution, including the needs of low- and moderate-income borrowers and neighborhoods, and to make such assessment available to the public.
The assessment also is part of the FRB’s consideration of applications to acquire, merge or consolidate with another banking institution or its holding company, to assume deposits of or acquire assets from another depository institution, to establish a new domestic branch office that will raise deposits, or to relocate an office. In the case of a BHC applying for approval to acquire a bank or another BHC, the FRB will assess the records of performance under the CRA of the IDIs involved in the transaction, and such records may be the basis for denying the application.
If GS Bank USA fails to maintain at least a “satisfactory” rating under the CRA, we would be subject to restrictions on certain new activities and acquisitions.
We are also subject to provisions of the New York Banking Law that impose continuing and affirmative obligations upon New York State-chartered banks, such as GS Bank USA, to serve the credit needs of its local community (NYCRA). Such obligations are substantially similar to those imposed by the CRA. The NYCRA requires the NYDFS to make a periodic written assessment of an institution’s compliance with the NYCRA, and to make such assessment available to the public. The NYCRA also requires the NYDFS to consider the NYCRA rating when reviewing an application to engage in certain transactions, including mergers, asset purchases and the establishment of domestic branch offices, and provides that such assessment may serve as a basis for the denial of any such application.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Broker-Dealer and Securities Regulation
Our broker-dealer subsidiaries, including GS&Co., are subject to regulations that cover all aspects of the securities business, including sales methods, trade