for overseeing the firmwide data governance framework, and its implementation, to help ensure that data governance and data quality are appropriate. This committee is co-chaired by our chief information officer and the chairman of our Risk Division, who are appointed as chairs by the chairs of the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee.
Firmwide Asset Liability Committee.
The Firmwide Asset Liability Committee is responsible for the strategic direction of our financial resources, including capital, liquidity, funding and balance sheet. This committee has oversight responsibility for asset liability management, including interest rate and currency risk, funds transfer pricing, capital allocation and incentives, and credit ratings. This committee is co-chaired by our chief financial officer and our global treasurer, who are appointed as chairs by our chief executive officer, and reports to the Management Committee.
Liquidity Risk Management
Overview
Liquidity risk is the risk that we will be unable to fund ourselves or meet our liquidity needs in the event of firm-specific, broader industry or market liquidity stress events. We have in place a comprehensive and conservative set of liquidity and funding policies. Our principal objective is to be able to fund ourselves and to enable our core businesses to continue to serve clients and generate revenues, even under adverse circumstances.
Corporate Treasury is responsible for our liquidity, including developing and executing our liquidity and funding strategy.
Liquidity Risk, which is part of our second line of defense and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our liquidity risk by providing independent firmwide oversight and challenge across our global businesses. Liquidity Risk is also responsible for the establishment of stress testing and limits frameworks.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Liquidity Risk Management Principles
We manage liquidity risk according to three principles: (i) hold sufficient excess liquidity in the form of GCLA to cover outflows during a stressed period, (ii) maintain appropriate Asset-Liability Management and (iii) maintain a viable Contingency Funding Plan.
GCLA.
GCLA is liquidity that we maintain to meet a broad range of potential cash outflows and collateral needs in a stressed environment. A primary liquidity principle is to pre-fund our estimated potential cash and collateral needs during a liquidity crisis and hold this liquidity in the form of unencumbered, highly liquid securities and cash. We believe that the securities held in our GCLA would be readily convertible to cash in a matter of days, through liquidation, by entering into repurchase agreements or from maturities of resale agreements, and that this cash would allow us to meet immediate obligations without needing to sell other assets or depend on additional funding from credit-sensitive markets.