SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The table below presents information, by product type, for investments included in the summary table above.
Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Year Ended December 2024
.
The net realized and unrealized gains on level 3 investments of $
55
million (reflecting $
342
million of net realized gains and $
287
million of net unrealized losses) for 2024 included gains/(losses) of $(
224
) million reported in other principal transactions and $
279
million reported in interest income.
The net unrealized losses on level 3 investments for 2024 primarily reflected losses on certain corporate debt securities (principally due to corporate performance and company-specific events).
Transfers into level 3 investments during 2024 primarily reflected transfers of certain equity securities from level 2 (principally due to reduced price transparency as a result of a lack of market evidence, including fewer market transactions in these instruments) and transfers of certain corporate debt securities from level 2 (principally due to certain unobservable yield inputs becoming significant to the valuation of these instruments).
Transfers out of level 3 investments during 2024 primarily reflected transfers of certain corporate debt securities to level 2 (principally due to certain unobservable yield inputs no longer being significant to the valuation of these instruments and increased price transparency as a result of market evidence, including market transactions in these instruments) and transfers of certain equity securities to level 2 (principally due to increased price transparency as a result of market evidence, including market transactions in these instruments).
Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Year Ended December 2023
.
The net realized and unrealized losses on level 3 investments of $
259
million (reflecting $
463
million of net realized gains and $
722
million of net unrealized losses) for 2023 included gains/(losses) of $(
820
) million reported in other principal transactions and $
561
million reported in interest income.
The net unrealized losses on level 3 investments for 2023 primarily reflected losses on certain equity securities and securities backed by real estate (in each case, principally due to ongoing weakness in the commercial real estate market).
Transfers into level 3 investments during 2023 primarily reflected transfers of certain equity securities and corporate debt securities from level 2 (in each case, principally due to reduced price transparency as a result of a lack of market evidence, including fewer market transactions in these instruments, and certain unobservable yield inputs becoming significant to the valuation of these instruments).
Transfers out of level 3 investments during 2023 primarily reflected transfers of certain corporate debt securities to level 2 (principally due to increased price transparency as a result of market evidence, including