across public and private markets and open architecture, proprietary and third-party products, portfolio strategy and implementation, and specialist sustainability teams and strategies.
Our activities relating to sustainability present both financial and nonfinancial risks, and we have processes for managing these risks, similar to the other risks we face. We have integrated oversight of climate-related risks into our risk management governance structure, from senior management to our Board and its committees, including the Risk and Public Responsibilities committees. The Risk Committee of the Board oversees firmwide financial and nonfinancial risks, which include climate risk, and, as part of its oversight, receives updates on our risk management approach to climate risk. The Public Responsibilities Committee of the Board assists the Board in its oversight of our firmwide sustainability strategy and sustainability issues affecting us, including with respect to climate change. As part of its oversight, the Public Responsibilities Committee receives periodic updates on our sustainability strategy and disclosures, and also periodically reviews our governance and related policies and processes for climate and other sustainability-related matters. We have also implemented the Environmental & Social Due Diligence Guidelines to guide our overall risk-based due diligence approach when evaluating relevant transactions for environmental and social risks and impacts.
Relevant employees also receive training with respect to environmental and social risks, including for sectors and industries that we believe have higher potential for these risks. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management — Other Risk Management — Climate-Related and Environmental Risk Management” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for further information about our climate-related and environmental risk management.
As a leading financial institution, we acknowledge the importance of Climate Transition and Inclusive Growth for our business. We have completed sustainability debt issuances, which align with our sustainable finance framework and fund a range of on-balance sheet sustainable finance activity. We believe we can advance sustainability by partnering with our clients across our businesses, including by developing new sustainability-linked financing solutions, offering strategic advice, or co-investing alongside our clients in energy companies. We have announced a target to deploy $750 billion in sustainable financing, investing and advisory activity by the beginning of 2030. As of December 2024, we achieved over 80% of that goal, with the majority dedicated to Climate Transition.
With respect to Climate Transition, we have announced our goal to align our financing activities with a net-zero-by-2050 pathway. We have an initial set of 2030 targets for our energy, power and auto manufacturing portfolios, three sectors