defendants include ViacomCBS and certain of its officers and directors. GS&Co. underwrote
646,154
shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately $
55
million and
323,077
shares of preferred stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately $
32
million. The complaint asserts claims under the federal securities laws and alleges that the offering documents contained material misstatements and omissions, including, among other things, that the offering documents failed to disclose that Archegos Capital Management, LP (Archegos) had substantial exposure to ViacomCBS, including through total return swaps to which certain of the underwriters (the trading underwriters), including GS&Co., were allegedly counterparties, and that such underwriters failed to disclose their exposure to Archegos. On December 21, 2021, the plaintiffs filed a corrected amended complaint. The complaint seeks rescission and compensatory damages in unspecified amounts. On February 6, 2023, the trial court dismissed the claims against ViacomCBS and the individual defendants, but denied the defendants’ motions to dismiss with respect to GS&Co. and the other underwriter defendants. On January 4, 2024, the trial court granted the plaintiffs’ motion for class certification, and on February 14, 2024, the underwriter defendants appealed. On April 4, 2024, the Appellate Division for the First Department affirmed the trial court’s dismissal of the claims against ViacomCBS and the individual defendants, reversed the trial court’s failure to dismiss the claims against the non-trading underwriter defendants, and affirmed the trial court’s denial of the motion to dismiss claims against the trading underwriter defendants, including GS&Co.
Group Inc. is also a defendant in putative securities class actions filed beginning in October 2021 and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaints allege that Group Inc., along with another financial institution, sold shares in Baidu Inc. (Baidu), Discovery Inc. (Discovery), GSX Techedu Inc. (Gaotu), iQIYI Inc. (iQIYI), Tencent Music Entertainment Group (Tencent), ViacomCBS, and Vipshop Holdings Ltd. (Vipshop) based on material nonpublic information regarding the liquidation of Archegos’ position in Baidu, Discovery, Gaotu, iQIYI, Tencent, ViacomCBS and Vipshop, respectively. The complaints generally assert violations of Sections 10(b), 20A and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and seek unspecified damages. In May 2023, the plaintiffs in the class actions filed second amended complaints, and on March 28, 2024, the court granted the defendants’ motion to dismiss the second amended complaints with prejudice. On April 26, 2024, the plaintiffs appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Silicon Valley Bank Matters
GS&Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in