class, client channel and the types of services provided, and are affected by investment performance, as well as asset inflows and redemptions.
•
Incentive fees.
In certain circumstances, we also receive incentive fees based on a percentage of a fund’s or a separately managed account’s return, or when the return exceeds a specified benchmark or other performance targets. Such fees include overrides, which consist of the increased share of the income and gains derived primarily from our private equity and credit funds when the return on a fund’s investments over the life of the fund exceeds certain threshold returns.
•
Private banking and lending.
Our private banking and lending activities include issuing loans to our wealth management clients.
Such loans are generally secured by commercial and residential real estate, securities or other assets.
We also raise deposits from wealth management clients, including through Marcus. Private banking and lending revenues include net interest income allocated to deposits and net interest income earned on loans to individual clients.
•
Equity investments.
Includes investing activities related to our asset management activities primarily related to public and private equity investments in corporate, real estate and infrastructure assets. We also make investments through CIEs, substantially all of which are engaged in real estate investment activities. In addition, we make investments in connection with our activities to satisfy requirements under the Community Reinvestment Act, primarily through our Urban Investment Group.
•
Debt investments.
Includes lending activities related to our asset management activities, including investing in corporate debt, lending to middle-market clients, and providing financing for real estate and other assets. These activities include investments in mezzanine debt, senior debt and distressed debt securities.
The table below presents our Asset & Wealth Management assets.
The table below presents details about our Asset & Wealth Management loans.
In the table above, gross loans included $41 billion of loans as of March 2025 and $38 billion of loans as of December 2024 that were related to Private banking and lending.
The average Asset & Wealth Management gross loans were
$48.33 billion
for the first quarter of 2025 and
$46.58 billion
for the first quarter of 2024.
The table below presents our Asset & Wealth Management operating results.
In the table above, Management and other fees included fees from alternatives of $523 million for
the first quarter of
2025 and $486 million for
the first quarter of
2024.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Our target is to achieve ROE in the mid-teens and pre-tax margins in the mid-twenties within the medium term (three-to five-year time horizon from year-end 2022) for Asset & Wealth Management. The ROE for Asset & Wealth Management was 9.7% and the pre-tax margin was 21% for the first quarter of