carbon-dependent economy in response to climate change.
Competition
Our results have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the composition of our client base.
Our client base is not the same as that of our major competitors. Our businesses may have a higher or lower percentage of clients in certain industries or markets than some or all of our competitors. Therefore, unfavorable industry developments or market conditions affecting certain industries or markets have resulted in the past and may result in the future in our businesses underperforming relative to similar businesses of a competitor if our businesses have a higher concentration of clients in such industries or markets. For example, our market-making businesses have a higher percentage of clients with actively managed assets than some of our competitors and these clients have in the past been and may in the future be disproportionately affected by low volatility.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Correspondingly, favorable or simply less adverse developments or market conditions involving industries or markets in a business where we have a lower concentration of clients in that industry or market have also resulted in the past and may result in the future in our underperforming relative to a similar business of a competitor that has a higher concentration of clients in that industry or market. For example, we have a smaller corporate client base in our market-making businesses than some of our peers and therefore those competitors may benefit more from increased activity by corporate clients. Similarly, we have not historically engaged in retail equities intermediation to the same extent as other financial institutions, which has in the past affected and could in the future adversely affect our market share in equities execution.
The financial services industry is highly competitive.
The financial services industry and all of our businesses are intensely competitive, and we expect them to remain so. We compete on the basis of a number of factors, including transaction execution, our products and services, innovation, reputation, creditworthiness and price. There has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry. This has hastened the globalization of the securities and other financial services markets. As a result, we have had to commit capital to support our international operations and to execute large global transactions. As we have expanded into new business areas and new geographic regions, we have faced competitors with more experience and more established relationships with clients, regulators and industry participants in the relevant market, which could adversely affect our ability to expand our businesses.
Governments and regulators have adopted regulations, imposed taxes, adopted compensation restrictions or otherwise put forward various proposals that have impacted or may impact our ability to