assessment methodology and to revise certain systemic indicators to be based on daily or monthly average values during each year, instead of year-end values.
The SCB is based on the results of the Federal Reserve’s supervisory stress tests and our planned common stock dividends and can change significantly over time based on the results of the annual supervisory stress tests. See “Stress Tests and Capital Planning” below. The countercyclical capital buffer is designed to counteract systemic vulnerabilities and currently applies only to banking organizations subject to Category I, II or III standards, including us and GS Bank USA. Several other national supervisors also require countercyclical capital buffers. The G-SIB surcharge and countercyclical capital buffer applicable to us may change in the future, including due to additional guidance from our regulators and/or positional changes. As a result, the minimum capital ratios to which we are subject are likely to change over time.
The capital requirements applicable to GSBE, GSI and GSIB include both minimum requirements and buffers. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Capital Management and Regulatory Capital” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10‑K and Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10‑K for information about our capital ratios and those of GS Bank USA, GSBE, GSI and GSIB.
The Basel Committee standards include guidelines for calculating incremental capital ratio requirements for banking institutions that are systemically significant from a domestic but not global perspective (D-SIBs). Depending on how these guidelines are implemented by national regulators, they may apply to certain subsidiaries of G-SIBs. These guidelines are in addition to the framework for G-SIBs, but are more principles-based. The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have not designated any D-SIBs. The CRD and CRR provide that institutions that are systemically important at the E.U. or member state level, known as other systemically important institutions (O-SIIs), may be subject to additional capital ratio requirements, according to their degree of systemic importance (O-SII buffers). BaFin has identified GSBE as an O-SII in Germany and set an O-SII buffer.
In the U.K., the PRA has identified Goldman Sachs Group UK Limited (GSG UK), the parent company of GSI and GSIB, as an O-SII but has not applied an O-SII buffer.
The Basel Committee has finalized revisions to the Basel III Capital Requirements (Basel III Revisions), and in 2023, the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies proposed a rule implementing the Basel III Revisions, including the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB). The FRTB, among other things, revises the standardized and internal model-based approaches used to calculate market risk requirements and clarifies the scope of positions subject to market risk capital requirements.
The U.S. proposal has