card loans.
Other.
Other primarily includes unsecured loans and lending commitments extended to wealth management clients and unsecured consumer loans purchased by us.
The table below presents our credit exposure from other loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics.
In the table above, other metrics primarily includes consumer and credit card loans purchased by us. Our risk assessment process for such loans includes reviewing certain key metrics, such as expected cash flows, delinquency status and other risk factors.
In addition, we also have credit exposure to other loans held for securitization of $1.35 billion as of March 2025 and $1.22 billion as of December 2024. Such loans are included in trading assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
Credit Hedges.
We seek to mitigate the credit risk associated with our lending activities by obtaining credit protection on certain loans and lending commitments through credit default swaps, both single-name and index-based contracts.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Securities Financing Transactions.
We enter into securities financing transactions in order to, among other things, facilitate client activities, invest excess cash, acquire securities to cover short positions and finance certain activities. We bear credit risk related to resale agreements and securities borrowed only to the extent that cash advanced or the value of securities pledged or delivered to the counterparty exceeds the value of the collateral received. We also have credit exposure on repurchase agreements and securities loaned to the extent that the value of securities pledged or delivered to the counterparty for these transactions exceeds the amount of cash or collateral received. Securities collateral for these transactions primarily includes U.S. and non-U.S. government and agency obligations.
The table below presents our credit exposure from securities financing transactions and the concentration by industry, region and internally determined public rating agency equivalents.
The table above reflects both netting agreements and collateral that we consider when determining credit risk.
Other Credit Exposures.
We are exposed to credit risk from our receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations and customers and counterparties. Receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations primarily consist of initial margin placed with clearing organizations and receivables related to sales of securities which have traded, but not yet settled. These receivables generally have minimal credit risk due to the low probability of clearing organization default and the short-term nature of receivables related to securities settlements. Receivables from customers and counterparties generally consist of collateralized receivables related to customer securities transactions and