compared with December 2023, primarily due to increases in Asset & Wealth Management, Risk and Compliance, partially offset by the impact of the sale of GreenSky.
Provision for Taxes
The effective income tax rate for 2024 was 22.4%, up from the full year income tax
rate of 20.7% for 2023, primarily due to a decrease in the impact of permanent tax benefits for 2024 compared with 2023, partially offset by changes in the geographic mix of earnings.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (Pillar II) aim to ensure that multinationals with revenues in excess of EUR 750 million pay a minimum effective corporate tax rate of 15% (minimum tax) in each jurisdiction in which they operate.
The U.K. and other jurisdictions in which we operate have adopted certain portions of the OECD directive (Pillar II legislation) effective beginning in calendar year 2024.
The Pillar II legislation did not have a material impact on our effective tax rate for 2024
. We expect additional guidance or legislation to be issued by the OECD and various jurisdictions during 2025 which could impact any minimum tax we owe
in future periods, possibly materially, and our effective tax rate could increase in 2025 and thereafter. This minimum tax, if any, will be recognized in the period in which it is incurred.
On August 26, 2024, the U.S. Tax Court issued a decision in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. v. Commissioner (Varian decision). The Varian decision reduced the U.S. tax on the deemed repatriation of unremitted foreign earnings of applicable non-U.S. subsidiaries in the transition year of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We are monitoring the Varian decision and evaluating its impact, which could be a material income tax benefit, on the deemed repatriation tax we incurred for the 2018 tax year. No income tax benefit has been recognized in the provision for income taxes as a result of the Varian decision as of December 2024.
We expect our 2025 annual effective tax rate to be approximately 21%.
Segment Assets and Operating Results
Segment Assets.
The table below presents assets by segment.
The allocation process for segment assets is based on the activities of these segments. The allocation of assets includes allocation of GCLA (which consists of unencumbered, highly liquid securities and cash), which is included within cash and cash equivalents, collateralized agreements, trading assets and investments on our balance sheet. Due to the integrated nature of these segments, estimates and judgments are made in allocating these assets. See “Risk Management — Liquidity Risk Management” for further information about our GCLA.
Segment Operating Results.
The table below presents our segment operating results.
Net revenues in our segments include allocations of interest income and expense based on the funding generated by, or the funding and liquidity