rollforward below do not necessarily represent the overall impact on the firm’s results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.
The table below presents information, by product type, for derivatives included in the summary table above.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Year Ended December 2024.
The net realized and unrealized losses on level 3 derivatives of $
104
million (reflecting $
129
million of net realized losses and $
25
million of net unrealized gains) for 2024 included gains/(losses) of $(
115
) million reported in market making and $
11
million reported in other principal transactions.
The net unrealized gains on level 3 derivatives for 2024 primarily reflected gains on certain commodity derivatives (principally due to the impact of changes in commodity prices) and gains on certain interest rate derivatives (principally due to an increase in interest rates), partially offset by losses on certain equity derivatives (principally due to the impact of changes in equity prices).
The drivers of transfers into level 3 derivatives during 2024 were not material.
Transfers out of level 3 derivatives during 2024 reflected transfers of certain credit derivative assets to level 2 (principally due to increased transparency of certain credit spread inputs used to value these instruments), partially offset by transfers of certain commodity derivative liabilities to level 2 (principally due to increased transparency of certain commodity price inputs used to value these instruments).
Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Year Ended 2023.
The net realized and unrealized losses on level 3 derivatives of $
262
million (reflecting $
65
million of net realized gains and $
327
million of net unrealized losses) for 2023 included losses of $
251
million reported in market making and $
11
million reported in other principal transactions
The net unrealized losses on level 3 derivatives for 2023 primarily reflected losses on certain commodity derivatives (principally due to the impact of changes in commodity prices), losses on certain currency derivatives (principally due to the impact of a decrease in interest rates), partially offset by gains on certain credit derivatives (principally due to the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates and a decrease in interest rates).
Transfers into level 3 derivatives during 2023 primarily reflected transfers of certain equity derivative liabilities (principally due to reduced transparency of certain unobservable volatility inputs used to value these instruments) and transfers of certain interest rate derivative liabilities from level 2 (principally due to certain unobservable volatility inputs becoming significant to the valuation of these instruments), partially offset by transfers of certain commodity derivative assets from level 2 (principally due to certain unobservable volatility inputs becoming significant to the