their initial report within, respectively, 90 or 30 days of their formation, in each case subject to certain exemptions. On February 19, 2025, FinCEN announced that the earliest initial reporting deadline is March 21, 2025.
In 2024, FinCEN and the SEC proposed a rule that would require certain investment advisers to implement reasonable procedures to identify and verify the identities of their customers. In 2024, FinCEN proposed to amend the anti-money laundering/countering the financing of terrorism (AML/CFT) program requirements for all financial institutions subject to the BSA that have AML/CFT program obligations, including us. The proposal would, among other things, require a financial institution’s risk assessment process to identify, evaluate and document the financial institution’s money laundering, terrorist financing and other illicit activity risks, and update such risk assessments on a periodic basis. In 2024, the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies proposed amendments to their respective BSA program rules to align those rules with the FinCEN proposal. FinCEN has also adopted a rule, effective on January 1, 2026, that includes certain investment advisers, such as us, in the definition of “financial institutions” under FinCEN’s rules implementing the BSA and, among other things, prescribes minimum standards for AML/CFT programs to be established by such investment advisers and requires them to report suspicious activity to FinCEN.
We are subject to other laws and regulations worldwide relating to anti-money laundering and financial transparency, including the E.U. Anti-Money Laundering Directives. In addition, we are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the U.K. Bribery Act and other laws and regulations worldwide regarding corrupt and illegal payments, or providing anything of value, for the benefit of government officials and others. The scope of the types of payments or other benefits covered by these laws is very broad. These laws and regulations include requirements relating to the identification of clients, monitoring for and reporting suspicious transactions, monitoring direct and indirect payments to politically exposed persons, providing information to regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies, and sharing information with other financial institutions.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Privacy and Cybersecurity Regulation
Our businesses are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the privacy of information regarding clients, employees and others. These include, but are not limited to, the GLB Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CCPA), the E.U.’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the U.K.’s Data Protection Act 2018 and U.K. GDPR, the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act, the Japanese Personal Information Protection Act, the Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China,