the standards.
Leverage Ratios.
Under the Capital Framework, we and GS Bank USA are subject to Tier 1 leverage ratios and supplementary leverage ratios (SLRs) established by the FRB. As a G-SIB, the SLR requirements applicable to us include both a minimum requirement and a buffer requirement, which operates in the same manner as the risk-based buffer requirements described above.
GSBE and certain of our U.K. entities are also subject to requirements relating to leverage ratios, which are generally based on the Basel Committee leverage ratio standards.
See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Capital Management and Regulatory Capital” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K and Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information about our and GS Bank USA’s Tier 1 leverage ratios and SLRs, and GSI’s leverage ratio.
Liquidity Ratios.
The Basel Committee’s framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring requires banking organizations to measure their liquidity against two specific liquidity tests: the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR).
The LCR rule issued by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies and applicable to both us and GS Bank USA is generally consistent with the Basel Committee’s framework and is designed to ensure that a banking organization maintains an adequate level of unencumbered, high-quality liquid assets equal to or greater than the expected net cash outflows under an acute short-term liquidity stress scenario. We and GS Bank USA are required to maintain a minimum LCR of 100%.
GSBE is subject to the LCR rule approved by the European Parliament and Council, and GSI and GSIB are subject to the U.K. regulatory authorities’ LCR rules, which are generally consistent with the Basel Committee’s framework.
The NSFR is designed to promote medium- and long-term stable funding of the assets and off-balance sheet activities of banking organizations over a one-year time horizon. The Basel Committee’s NSFR framework requires banking organizations to maintain a minimum NSFR of 100%. We and GS Bank USA are subject to the U.S. NSFR rule.
The CRR implements the NSFR for certain E.U. financial institutions, including GSBE. The NSFR requirement implemented in the U.K. is applicable to both GSI and GSIB.
The FRB’s enhanced prudential standards require BHCs with $100 billion or more in total consolidated assets to comply with enhanced liquidity and overall risk management standards, which include maintaining a level of highly liquid assets based on projected funding needs for 30 days, and increased involvement by boards of directors in liquidity and overall risk management. Although the liquidity requirement under these rules has some similarities to the LCR, it is a separate requirement. GSBE also has its own liquidity planning process, which incorporates internally designed stress tests and those