individually negotiated contracts and can have various settlement and payment conventions. Credit events include failure to pay, bankruptcy, acceleration of indebtedness, restructuring, repudiation and dissolution of the reference entity.
The firm enters into the following types of credit derivatives:
•
Credit Default Swaps.
Single-name credit default swaps protect the buyer against the loss of principal on one or more bonds, loans or mortgages (reference obligations) in the event the issuer of the reference obligations suffers a credit event. The buyer of protection pays an initial or periodic premium to the seller and receives protection for the period of the contract. If there is no credit event, as defined in the contract, the seller of protection makes no payments to the buyer. If a credit event occurs, the seller of protection is required to make a payment to the buyer, calculated according to the terms of the contract.
•
Credit Options.
In a credit option, the option writer assumes the obligation to purchase or sell a reference obligation at a specified price or credit spread. The option purchaser buys the right, but does not assume the obligation, to sell the reference obligation to, or purchase it from, the option writer. The payments on credit options depend either on a particular credit spread or the price of the reference obligation.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
•
Credit Indices, Baskets and Tranches.
Credit derivatives may reference a basket of single-name credit default swaps or a broad-based index. If a credit event occurs in one of the underlying reference obligations, the protection seller pays the protection buyer. The payment is typically a pro-rata portion of the transaction’s total notional amount based on the underlying defaulted reference obligation. In certain transactions, the credit risk of a basket or index is separated into various portions (tranches), each having different levels of subordination. The most junior tranches cover initial defaults and once losses exceed the notional amount of these junior tranches, any excess loss is covered by the next most senior tranche.
•
Total Return Swaps.
A total return swap transfers the risks relating to economic performance of a reference obligation from the protection buyer to the protection seller. Typically, the protection buyer receives a floating rate of interest and protection against any reduction in fair value of the reference obligation, and the protection seller receives the cash flows associated with the reference obligation, plus any increase in the fair value of the reference obligation.
The firm economically hedges its exposure to written credit derivatives primarily by entering into offsetting purchased credit derivatives with identical underliers. Substantially all of the firm’s purchased credit derivative transactions are with financial institutions and are subject to stringent collateral