our subsidiaries or otherwise allocate liquidity optimally, an inability to sell assets or redeem our investments, lack of timely settlement of transactions, unusual deposit outflows, or other unforeseen outflows of cash or collateral. This situation may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as a general market or economic disruption or an operational problem that affects third parties or us, or even by the perception among market participants that we, or other market participants, are experiencing greater liquidity risk.
We employ structured products to benefit our clients and hedge our own risks. The financial instruments that we hold and the contracts to which we are a party are often complex, and these complex structured products often do not have readily available markets to access in times of liquidity stress. Our investing and financing activities may lead to situations where the holdings from these activities represent a significant portion of specific markets, which could restrict liquidity for our positions.
Further, our ability to sell assets may be impaired if there is not generally a liquid market for such assets, as well as in circumstances where other market participants are seeking to sell similar otherwise generally liquid assets at the same time, as is likely to occur in a liquidity or other market crisis or in response to changes to rules or regulations. For example, in 2021, an investment management firm with large positions with several financial institutions defaulted, resulting in rapidly declining prices in the securities underlying those positions. In addition, clearinghouses, exchanges and other financial institutions with which we interact may exercise set-off rights or the right to require additional collateral, including in difficult market conditions, which could further impair our liquidity.
Numerous regulations impose stringent liquidity requirements on large financial institutions, including us. These regulations require us to hold large amounts of highly liquid assets and reduce our flexibility to source and deploy funding. In addition, our need to manage our operations in light of certain regulatory requirements when applicable thresholds are met has in the past limited and may in the future limit our ability to raise deposits in GSIB or other funding, which could adversely affect our liquidity or ability to respond efficiently to liquidity stress.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by disruptions or lack of liquidity in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit.
Widening credit spreads, as well as significant declines in the availability of credit, have in the past adversely affected our ability to borrow on a secured and unsecured basis and may do so in the future. We fund ourselves on an unsecured basis by primarily issuing long-term debt and commercial