statements.
Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures Using the Proportional Amortization Method (ASC 323).
In March 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-02, “Investments — Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323) — Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures Using the Proportional Amortization Method.” This ASU expands the proportional amortization method election currently associated with low-income housing tax credits to other qualifying tax credits and requires incremental disclosures for programs in which the proportional amortization method is elected. This ASU became effective for the firm in January 2024 under a modified retrospective approach. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on the firm’s consolidated financial statements.
Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (ASC 280).
In N
ovember 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, “Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures.” This ASU requires enhanced disclosures primarily about significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker. This ASU became effective for the firm for annual periods beginning in January 2024, and is effective for interim periods beginning in January 2025 under a retrospective approach. Since this ASU only requires additional disclosures, adoption of this ASU did not have an impact on the firm’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. See Note 25 for further information.
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASC 740).
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, “Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures.” This ASU requires incremental disclosures primarily related to the reconciliation of the statutory income tax rate to the effective income tax rate, as well as income taxes paid. This ASU is effective for the firm for annual periods beginning in January 2025 under a prospective approach with the option to apply it retrospectively. Since this ASU only requires additional disclosures, adoption of this ASU will not have an impact on the firm’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses (ASC 220).
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, “Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses.” This ASU requires additional disaggregation of certain expenses within the footnotes to the financial statements. This ASU is effective for the firm for annual periods beginning in January 2027, and interim periods beginning in January 2028 under a prospective approach. Early adoption and retrospective application is permitted. Since this ASU only requires additional disclosures, adoption of this ASU will not have an impact on the firm’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 4.
Fair Value Measurements
The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or