a putative securities class action filed on April 7, 2023 and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California and an individual action filed on January 25, 2024 in the same court relating to SVB Financial Group’s (SVBFG) January 2021 public offerings of $
500
million principal amount of senior notes and $
750
million of depositary shares representing interests in preferred stock, March 2021 public offering of approximately $
1.2
billion of common stock, May 2021 public offerings of $
1.0
billion of depositary shares representing interests in preferred stock and $
500
million principal amount of senior notes, August 2021 public offering of approximately $
1.3
billion of common stock, and April 2022 public offering of $
800
million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, among other public offerings of securities. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include certain of SVBFG’s officers and directors and its auditor. GS&Co. underwrote an aggregate of
831,250
depositary shares representing an aggregate offering price of approximately $
831
million, an aggregate of
3,266,108
shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately $
1.8
billion and senior notes representing an aggregate price to the public of approximately $
727
million. The complaints generally assert claims under the federal securities laws and allege that the offering documents contained material misstatements and omissions. The complaints seek compensatory damages in unspecified amounts. On March 17, 2023, SVBFG filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. On January 16, 2024, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint in the putative class action, and on April 3, 2024, the defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint.
The firm is also cooperating with and providing information to various governmental bodies in connection with their investigations and inquiries regarding SVBFG and its affiliates (collectively SVB), including the firm’s business with SVB in or around March 2023, when SVB engaged the firm to assist with a proposed capital raise and SVB sold the firm a portfolio of securities.
Underwriting Litigation
Firm affiliates are among the defendants in a number of proceedings in connection with securities offerings. In these proceedings, including those described below, the plaintiffs assert class action or individual claims under federal and state securities laws and, in some cases, other applicable laws, allege that the offering documents for the securities that they purchased contained material misstatements and omissions, and generally seek compensatory and rescissory damages in unspecified amounts, as well as rescission. Certain of these proceedings involve additional allegations.
Uber Technologies, Inc.
GS&Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in several putative securities class actions filed beginning in