at the end of the period, weighted based on the fair value of each security. The effective interest rate considers the contractual coupon, the amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, and excludes the effect of related hedges.
•
As of December 2024, the gross unrealized gains included in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) were
no
t material and the gross unrealized losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) were $
1.38
billion. Of such losses, $
983
million related to securities (fair value of $
21.10
billion, primarily consisting of U.S. government obligations) that were in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer and $
399
million related to securities (fair value of $
32.71
billion, substantially all consisting of U.S. government obligations) that were in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months.
As of December 2023, the gross unrealized gains included in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) were
not
material and the gross unrealized losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) were $
1.89
billion, and primarily related to U.S. government obligations in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer.
Net unrealized gains included in other comprehensive income/(loss) were $
541
million ($
401
million, net of tax) for 2024 and $
1.65
billion ($
1.25
billion, net of tax) for 2023.
•
Substantially all available-for-sale securities were classified in level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.
•
If the fair value of available-for-sale securities is less than amortized cost, such securities are considered impaired. If the firm has the intent to sell the debt security, or if it is more likely than not that the firm will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of its amortized cost, the difference between the amortized cost (net of allowance, if any) and the fair value of the securities is recognized as an impairment loss in earnings. The firm did not record any such impairment losses during either 2024 or 2023. Impaired available-for-sale debt securities that the firm has the intent and ability to hold are reviewed to determine if an allowance for credit losses should be recorded. The firm considers various factors in such determination, including market conditions, changes in issuer credit ratings and severity of the unrealized losses. The firm did not record any provision for credit losses on such securities during either 2024 or 2023.
The gross realized gains and gross realized losses relating to the sales of available-for-sale securities were not material for each of 2024, 2023 and 2022. The specific identification method is used to determine realized gains on available-for-sale securities.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Held-to-Maturity Securities
Held-to-maturity securities are accounted for at amortized cost.
The table below presents information