financial institutions that are located outside of the country in which such branches or subsidiaries are located or do business have caused or may cause a number of governments and regulators to take additional steps to “ring fence” or require internal total loss-absorbing capacity (which may also be subject to “bail-in” powers, as described below) at those branches and subsidiaries in order to protect clients and creditors of those branches and subsidiaries in the event of financial difficulties involving those branches and subsidiaries. The result has been and may continue to be additional limitations on our ability to efficiently move capital and liquidity among our affiliated entities, or to Group Inc., including in times of stress, thereby increasing the overall level of capital and liquidity required by us on a consolidated basis.
Furthermore, Group Inc. has guaranteed the payment obligations of certain of its subsidiaries, including GS&Co. and GS Bank USA, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, Group Inc. guarantees many of the obligations of its other consolidated subsidiaries on a transaction-by-transaction basis, as negotiated with counterparties. These guarantees may require Group Inc. to provide substantial funds or assets to its subsidiaries or their creditors or counterparties at a time when Group Inc. is in need of liquidity to fund its own obligations.
The requirements for us and certain of our subsidiaries to develop and submit recovery and resolution plans to regulators, and the incorporation of feedback received from regulators, may require us to increase capital or liquidity levels or issue additional long-term debt at Group Inc. or particular subsidiaries or otherwise incur additional or duplicative operational or other costs at multiple entities, and may reduce our ability to provide Group Inc. guarantees of the obligations of our subsidiaries or raise debt at Group Inc. Resolution planning may also impair our ability to structure our intercompany and external activities in a manner that we may otherwise deem most operationally efficient. Furthermore, arrangements to facilitate our resolution planning may cause us to be subject to additional taxes. Any such limitations or requirements would be in addition to the legal and regulatory restrictions described above on our ability to engage in capital actions or make intercompany dividends or payments.
See “Business — Regulation” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K for further information about regulatory restrictions.
Credit
Our businesses, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of or defaults by third parties.
We are exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets will not perform their obligations. These parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. A failure of a significant market participant, or even