price-to-earnings multiples and price-to-book multiples. There is inherent uncertainty in the projected earnings. The carrying value of each reporting unit reflects an allocation of total shareholders’ equity and represents the estimated amount of total shareholders’ equity required to support the activities of the reporting unit under currently applicable regulatory capital requirements. During the third quarter of 2024, in connection with the planned sale of our seller financing loan portfolio, we performed a quantitative goodwill test and determined that the goodwill associated with Transaction banking and other was impaired, and accordingly, recorded a $14 million impairment. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we performed our annual assessment of goodwill for impairment, for each of our reporting units with goodwill, by performing a qualitative assessment. As a result of the annual assessment, we determined that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with goodwill exceeded its respective carrying value. Therefore, we determined that goodwill for each reporting unit was not impaired and that a quantitative goodwill test was not required. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our annual assessment of goodwill for impairment. If we experience a prolonged or severe period of weakness in the business environment, financial markets, the performance of one or more of our reporting units or our common stock price, or additional increases in capital requirements, our goodwill could be impaired in the future.
Identifiable intangible assets are tested for impairment when events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset’s or asset group’s carrying value may not be fully recoverable. Judgment is required to evaluate whether indications of potential impairment have occurred, and to test identifiable intangible assets for impairment, if required. An impairment is recognized if the estimated undiscounted cash flows relating to the asset or asset group is less than the corresponding carrying value. During 2024, in connection with the planned transition of the GM credit card program to another issuer, we classified the GM credit card program to held for sale and recognized a $72 million write-down of identifiable intangible assets. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about identifiable intangible assets.
We also estimate and provide for potential losses that may arise out of litigation and regulatory proceedings to the extent that such losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated. In addition, we estimate the upper end of the range of reasonably possible aggregate loss in excess of the related reserves for litigation and regulatory proceedings where we believe the risk of loss is more than slight. See Notes 18 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements for information about certain judicial, litigation and regulatory