primarily in connection with resale agreements, securities borrowed, derivative transactions and customer margin loans. The firm obtains cash and securities as collateral on an upfront or contingent basis for derivative instruments and collateralized agreements to reduce its credit exposure to individual counterparties.
In many cases, the firm is permitted to deliver or repledge financial instruments received as collateral when entering into repurchase agreements and securities loaned transactions, primarily in connection with secured client financing activities. The firm is also permitted to deliver or repledge these financial instruments in connection with other secured financings, collateralized derivative transactions and firm or customer settlement requirements.
The firm also pledges certain trading assets in connection with repurchase agreements, securities loaned transactions and other secured financings, and other assets (substantially all real estate and cash) in connection with other secured financings to counterparties who may or may not have the right to deliver or repledge them.
The table below presents financial instruments at fair value received as collateral that were available to be delivered or repledged and were delivered or repledged.
The table below presents information about assets pledged.
The firm also segregates securities for regulatory and other purposes related to client activity. Such securities are segregated from trading assets and investments, as well as from securities received as collateral under resale agreements and securities borrowed transactions. Securities segregated by the firm were $
50.54
billion as of March 2025 and $
64.21
billion as of December 2024.
Note 12.
Other Assets
The table below presents other assets by type.
Property, Leasehold Improvements and Equipment
Property, leasehold improvements and equipment is net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $
14.07
billion as of March 2025 and $
13.64
billion as of December 2024. Property, leasehold improvements and equipment included $
6.58
billion as of March 2025 and $
6.57
billion as of December 2024 that the firm uses in connection with its operations. Substantially all of the remainder is held by investment entities, including VIEs, consolidated by the firm.
Substantially all property and equipment is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the asset. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the useful life of the improvement or the term of the lease. Capitalized costs of software developed or obtained for internal use are amortized on a straight-line basis over
three years
.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
The firm tests property, leasehold improvements and equipment for impairment when events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset’s or asset group’s carrying value may not be fully recoverable. To