collateralized by fund assets and employee funds. Our calculation of non-fee-earning alternative assets may not be comparable to similar calculations used by other companies.
•
Non-fee-earning alternative assets primarily includes our direct investing strategies, including private equity, growth equity, private credit and real estate strategies.
Our target is to grow our total credit alternative assets to $300 billion by the end of 2028.
The table below presents information about third-party commitments raised in our alternatives business from the beginning of 2020 through 2024.
In the table above, commitments included in non-fee-earning alternative assets included approximately $61 billion, which will begin to earn fees (and become AUS) if and when the commitments are drawn and assets are invested. In 2024, we raised $72 billion in third-party commitments in our alternatives business, including $28 billion in corporate equity, $19 billion in credit, $6 billion in real estate and $19 billion in hedge funds and other. Since 2019, we have raised $323 billion of third-party commitments in our alternatives business and expect fundraising in 2025 to be consistent with levels achieved in recent years.
The table below presents information about alternative investments in Asset & Wealth Management that we hold on our balance sheet by asset type.
The table below presents further information about our alternative investments in Asset & Wealth Management that we hold on our balance sheet.
In the table above:
•
Client co-invest primarily includes our investments in funds that we raise and manage or where we have invested alongside our clients.
•
Firmwide initiatives primarily includes our investments related to the Community Reinvestment Act and our corporate engagement programs, such as
One Million Black Women
.
•
Historical principal investments includes our remaining balance sheet alternative investments portfolio that we plan to reduce. This portfolio was approximately $30 billion as of December 2022 and we expect to sell down the vast majority of this portfolio by the end of 2026. The impact of historical principal investments to our pre-tax earnings was $939 million for 2024. Attributed equity associated with historical principal investments was approximately $4.0 billion as of December 2024.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The table below presents the rollforward of our alternative investments categorized as historical principal investments for 2024.
In the table above, dispositions included approximately $400 million of investments that were transferred out of historical principal investments into client co-invest.
Loans and Debt Securities.
The table below presents the concentration of loans and debt securities within our alternative investments by accounting classification, region and industry.
Equity Securities.
The table below presents the concentration of equity securities within our