period and become effective in 2025.
In 2023, the E.U. Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) became effective and applies from January 2025. DORA requires E.U. financial entities, such as GSBE, to have a comprehensive governance and control framework for the management of information and communications technology risk. In addition, in 2024, the E.U. Artificial Intelligence Act (E.U. AI Act) became effective. Certain provisions of the E.U. AI Act apply from February 2025, with other provisions applying between August 2025 and August 2027. The E.U. AI Act establishes rules for placing on the market, putting into service, and using artificial intelligence systems in the E.U.
In 2024, the CFPB adopted a rule regarding personal financial data rights that requires financial institutions that offer consumer deposit accounts and issue credit cards, such as GS Bank USA, to provide consumers electronic access to at least 24 months of transaction data and certain account information and are prohibited from imposing any fees or charges for maintaining or providing access to such data. The rule also imposes data accuracy, retention and other obligations, and data use limitations and other obligations on entities obtaining access to such personal financial data, such as GS&Co. The current compliance deadline for large financial institutions, including GS Bank USA, is April 1, 2026. However, this timeline is potentially subject to change as a result of CFPB action or currently pending litigation.
See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management — Cybersecurity Risk Management” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10‑K for further information about our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
Policymakers, lawmakers and regulators in the U.S. and other jurisdictions have recently increased their focus on ESG-related risk oversight, disclosure, and practices at financial institutions and other companies.
In 2023, the federal bank regulatory agencies jointly issued principles for climate-related financial risk management for large financial institutions, which apply to regulated financial institutions with more than $100 billion in total consolidated assets, including us. The principles are intended to support efforts by large financial institutions to focus on key aspects of climate-related financial risk management and consist of six general principles: (1) governance; (2) policies, procedures, and limits; (3) strategic planning; (4) risk management; (5) data, risk measurement, and reporting; and (6) scenario analysis. In 2023, the SEC adopted amendments to Rule 35d-1 (Names Rule) under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The previous Names Rule generally required a fund with a name suggesting a focus in a particular type of investment, or in investments in a particular industry or geographic region,