firm facilitates client transactions and makes markets in fixed income, equity, currency and commodity products. In addition, the firm makes markets in and clears institutional client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide and provides prime financing (including securities lending, margin lending and swaps), portfolio financing and other types of equity financing (including securities-based loans to individuals). The firm also provides lending to corporate clients, including through relationship lending and acquisition financing, and secured lending, through structured credit and asset-backed lending. In addition, the firm provides commodity financing to clients through structured transactions and also provides financing through securities purchased under agreements to resell (resale agreements). The firm also makes equity and debt investments related to Global Banking & Markets activities.
Asset & Wealth Management
The firm manages assets and offers investment products across all major asset classes to a diverse set of clients, both institutional and individuals, including through a network of third-party distributors around the world. The firm also provides investing and wealth advisory solutions, including financial planning and counseling, and executing brokerage transactions for wealth management clients. The firm issues loans to wealth management clients and raises deposits through its consumer banking digital platform,
Marcus by Goldman Sachs
(Marcus), and through its private bank. The firm makes equity investments, which include investing activities related to public and private equity investments in corporate, real estate and infrastructure assets, as well as investments through consolidated investment entities (CIEs), substantially all of which are engaged in real estate investment activities. The firm also invests in debt instruments and engages in lending activities to middle-market clients, and provides financing for real estate and other assets.
Platform Solutions
The firm issues credit cards through partnership arrangements, raises deposits from Apple Card customers and provides transaction banking and other services, such as deposit-taking, payment solutions and other cash management services, for corporate and institutional clients. See Note 9 for information about the General Motors (GM) credit card program and the firm’s seller financing loans.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 2.
Basis of Presentation
These consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP) and include the accounts of Group Inc. and all other entities in which the firm has a controlling financial interest. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.
All references to 2024, 2023 and 2022 refer to the firm’s years ended, or the dates, as the context requires,