seeks declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as unspecified amounts of treble and other damages. On May 18, 2023, the court dismissed certain state common law claims, but denied dismissal of the remaining claims. On July 7, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Banco Espirito Santo S.A. and Oak Finance
In December 2014, September 2015 and December 2015, the Bank of Portugal (BoP) rendered decisions to reverse an earlier transfer to Novo Banco of an $
835
million facility agreement (the Facility), structured by GSI, between Oak Finance Luxembourg S.A. (Oak Finance), a special purpose vehicle formed in connection with the Facility, and Banco Espirito Santo S.A. (BES) prior to the failure of BES. In response, GSI and, with respect to the BoP’s December 2015 decision, GSIB commenced actions beginning in February 2015 against Novo Banco S.A. (Novo Banco) in the English Commercial Court and the BoP in the Portuguese Administrative Court. In July 2018, the English Supreme Court found that the English courts will not have jurisdiction over GSI’s action unless and until the Portuguese Administrative Court finds against BoP in GSI’s parallel action. In July 2018, the Liquidation Committee for BES issued a decision seeking to claw back from GSI $
54
million paid to GSI and $
50
million allegedly paid to Oak Finance in connection with the Facility, alleging that GSI acted in bad faith in extending the Facility, including because GSI allegedly knew that BES was at risk of imminent failure. In October 2018, GSI commenced an action in the Lisbon Commercial Court challenging the Liquidation Committee’s decision and has since also issued a claim against the Portuguese State seeking compensation for losses of approximately $
222
million related to the failure of BES, together with a contingent claim for the $
104
million sought by the Liquidation Committee. On April 11, 2023, GSI commenced administrative proceedings against the BoP, seeking the nullification of the BoP’s September 2015 and December 2015 decisions on new grounds.
Financial Advisory Services
Group Inc. and certain of its affiliates are from time to time parties to various civil litigation and arbitration proceedings and other disputes with clients and third parties relating to the firm’s financial advisory activities. These claims generally seek, among other things, compensatory damages and, in some cases, punitive damages, and in certain cases allege that the firm did not appropriately disclose or deal with conflicts of interest.
Archegos-Related Matters
GS&Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on August 13, 2021 in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, relating to ViacomCBS Inc.’s (ViacomCBS) March 2021 public offerings of $
1.7
billion of common stock and $
1.0
billion of preferred stock. In addition to the underwriters, the