plaintiff’s motion for class certification be granted in part and denied in part. On May 3, 2024, the defendants filed objections to the Magistrate Judge’s report and recommendation with the district court.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Mortgage-Related Matters
Complaints were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on July 25, 2019 and May 29, 2020 against Goldman Sachs Mortgage Company and GS Mortgage Securities Corp. by U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee for two residential mortgage-backed securitization trusts that issued $
1.7
billion of securities. The complaints generally allege that mortgage loans in the trusts failed to conform to applicable representations and warranties and seek specific performance or, alternatively, compensatory damages and other relief. On November 23, 2020, the court granted in part and denied in part defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint in the first action and denied defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint in the second action. On January 14, 2021, amended complaints were filed in both actions.
Currencies-Related Litigation
GS&Co. is among the defendants named in a putative class action filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on August 4, 2021. The amended complaint, filed on January 6, 2022, generally asserts claims under federal antitrust law and state common law in connection with an alleged conspiracy among the defendants to manipulate auctions for foreign exchange transactions on an electronic trading platform, as well as claims under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizatio
ns Act. The complaint seeks declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as unspecified amounts of treble and other damages. On May 18, 2023, the court dismissed certain state common law claims, but denied dismissal of the remaining claims. On July 7, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint.
Banco Espirito Santo S.A. and Oak Finance
In December 2014, September 2015 and December 2015, the Bank of Portugal (BoP) rendered decisions to reverse an earlier transfer to Novo Banco of an $
835
million facility agreement (the Facility), structured by GSI, between Oak Finance Luxembourg S.A. (Oak Finance), a special purpose vehicle formed in connection with the Facility, and Banco Espirito Santo S.A. (BES) prior to the failure of BES. In response, GSI and, with respect to the BoP’s December 2015 decision, GSIB commenced actions beginning in February 2015 against Novo Banco S.A. (Novo Banco) in the English Commercial Court and the BoP in the Portuguese Administrative Court. In July 2018, the English Supreme Court found that the English courts will not have jurisdiction over GSI’s action unless and until the Portuguese Administrative Court finds against BoP in GSI’s parallel action. In July 2018, the Liquidation Committee for BES issued a decision seeking to claw back from GSI $
54