paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Financial assets are marked to bid prices and financial liabilities are marked to offer prices. Fair value measurements do not include transaction costs. The firm measures certain financial assets and liabilities as a portfolio (i.e., based on its net exposure to market and/or credit risks).
The best evidence of fair value is a quoted price in an active market. If quoted prices in active markets are not available, fair value is determined by reference to prices for similar instruments, quoted prices or recent transactions in less active markets, or internally developed models that primarily use market-based or independently sourced inputs, including, but not limited to, interest rates, volatilities, equity or debt prices, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices, credit spreads and funding spreads (i.e., the spread or difference between the interest rate at which a borrower could finance a given financial instrument relative to a benchmark interest rate).
U.S. GAAP has a three-level hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements. This hierarchy prioritizes inputs to the valuation techniques used to measure fair value, giving the highest priority to level 1 inputs and the lowest priority to level 3 inputs. A financial instrument’s level in this hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to its fair value measurement. In evaluating the significance of a valuation input, the firm considers, among other factors, a portfolio’s net risk exposure to that input. The fair value hierarchy is as follows:
Level 1.
Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets to which the firm had access at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.
Level 2.
Inputs to valuation techniques are observable, either directly or indirectly.
Level 3.
One or more inputs to valuation techniques are significant and unobservable.
The fair values for substantially all of the firm’s financial assets and liabilities are based on observable prices and inputs and are classified in levels 1 and 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Certain level 2 and level 3 financial assets and liabilities may require valuation adjustments that a market participant would require to arrive at fair value for factors, such as counterparty and the firm’s credit quality, funding risk, transfer restrictions, liquidity and bid/offer spreads. Valuation adjustments are generally based on market evidence.
The table below presents financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value.
In the table above:
•
Counterparty netting among positions classified in the same level is included in that level.
•
Counterparty and cash collateral netting represents the impact on derivatives of netting across levels.
The table below presents a summary of level 3 financial assets.
Level 3 financial assets as of December 2024 decreased compared with December 2023,