Note 1.
Description of Business
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (Group Inc. or parent company), a Delaware corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the firm), is a leading global financial institution that delivers a broad range of financial services to a large and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.
The firm manages and reports its activities in the following
three
business segments:
Global Banking & Markets
The firm provides a broad range of services to a diverse group of corporations, financial institutions, investment funds and governments. Services include strategic advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings and spin-offs, and equity and debt underwriting of public offerings and private placements. The firm facilitates client transactions and makes markets in fixed income, equity, currency and commodity products. In addition, the firm makes markets in and clears institutional client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide and provides prime financing (including securities lending, margin lending and swaps), portfolio financing and other types of equity financing (including securities-based loans to individuals). The firm also provides lending to corporate clients, including through relationship lending and acquisition financing, and secured lending, through structured credit and asset-backed lending. In addition, the firm provides commodity financing to clients through structured transactions and also provides financing through securities purchased under agreements to resell (resale agreements). The firm also makes equity and debt investments related to Global Banking & Markets activities.
Asset & Wealth Management
The firm manages assets and offers investment products across all major asset classes to a diverse set of clients, both institutional and individuals, including through a network of third-party distributors around the world. The firm also provides investing and wealth advisory solutions, including financial planning and counseling, and executing brokerage transactions for wealth management clients. The firm issues loans to wealth management clients and raises deposits through its consumer banking digital platform,
Marcus by Goldman Sachs
(Marcus), and through its private bank. The firm makes equity investments, which include investing activities related to public and private equity investments in corporate, real estate and infrastructure assets, as well as investments through consolidated investment entities (CIEs), substantially all of which are engaged in real estate investment activities. The firm also makes debt investments, including investing in corporate debt, lending to middle-market clients, and