fundamental commitment  to inclusive merit-based promotion and in compliance with the law.
Talent Development and Retention
We seek to help our people achieve their full potential by investing in them and supporting a culture of continuous development. Our goals are to maximize individual capabilities, increase commercial effectiveness and innovation, reinforce our culture, expand professional opportunities, and help our people contribute positively to their communities. As of December 2024, the average tenure of the members of our Management Committee was approximately 24 years, and that of all of our employees was approximately 6 years. In addition, more than 40% of our partners were campus hires.
Instilling our culture in all employees is a continuous process, in which training plays an important part. We offer our employees the opportunity to participate in ongoing educational offerings and periodic seminars facilitated by our Learning & Engagement team. To accelerate their integration into the firm and our culture, new hires have the opportunity to receive training as soon as they start working via orientation programs that emphasize culture and networking, and nearly all employees participate in at least one training event each year. For our more senior employees, we provide guidance and training on how to manage people and projects effectively, exhibit strong leadership and exemplify our culture. We are also focused on developing a high performing, diverse leadership pipeline and career planning for our next generation of leaders. We maintain a variety of programs aimed at employees’ professional growth and leadership development. For example, we are focused on ensuring that vice presidents have the necessary coaching, sponsorship and advocacy to support their career trajectories and strengthen their leadership platforms. Many other career development initiatives are aimed at fostering talent at the analyst and associate levels. We also work closely with our leadership teams to promote diversity and inclusion. Our global and regional Inclusion Networks and Interest Forums are open to all of our professionals to promote and advance these goals.
Enhancing our people’s experience of internal mobility is a key focus, as we believe that this will inspire employees, help retain top talent and create diverse experiences to build future leaders.
Another important part of instilling our culture is our employee performance review process. Employees are reviewed by supervisors, co-workers and employees whom they supervise in a 360-degree review process that is integral to our team approach and includes an evaluation of an employee’s performance. Our approach to evaluating employee performance centers on providing robust, timely and actionable feedback that facilitates professional development. We have directed our managers, as leaders at the firm, to take an active coaching role with their teams. We also engage in “The Three Conversations at GS”