SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
During the three months ended March 2025, we did not identify any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Technology Risk monitors cybersecurity threats and risks from information security and cybersecurity matters on an ongoing basis, and allocates resources and directs operations in a manner designed to mitigate those risks. For example, in response to the proliferation of AI-enabled fraud and ransomware attacks that continue to be reported globally, we have emphasized phishing and cybersecurity training for our employees and allocated additional resources for business continuity. However, despite these efforts, we cannot eliminate all cybersecurity risks or provide assurances that we have not had occurrences of undetected cybersecurity incidents.
Governance
The Board, both directly and through its committees, including its Risk Committee and Technology Risk Subcommittee, oversees our risk management policies and practices, including cybersecurity risks, and information security and cybersecurity matters. Our chief risk officer, chief information officer and chief technology officer, among others, periodically brief the Board on operational and technology risks, including cybersecurity risks, relevant to us. The Board also receives regular briefings from our CISO on a range of cybersecurity-related topics, including the status of our Cybersecurity Program, emerging cybersecurity threats, mitigation strategies and related regulatory engagements. In addition, these are topics on which various directors maintain an ongoing dialogue with our CISO, chief information officer and chief technology officer.
Our CISO is responsible for managing and implementing the Cybersecurity Program and reports directly to our chief information officer. Our CISO oversees our Technology Risk team, which assesses and manages material risks from cybersecurity threats, sets firmwide control requirements, assesses adherence to controls, and oversees incident detection and response.
In addition, we have a series of committees and steering groups that oversee the implementation of our cybersecurity risk management strategy and framework. These committees and steering groups are informed about cybersecurity incidents and risks by designated members of Technology Risk, who periodically report to these committees and steering groups about the Cybersecurity Program, including the efforts of the Technology Risk teams to prevent, detect, mitigate and remediate incidents and threats. These committees and steering groups enable formal escalation and reporting of risks, and our CISO and other members of Technology Risk provide regular briefings to senior management.
The Firmwide Technology Risk Committee is responsible for reviewing matters related to the design, development, deployment and use of technology.