USA are subject to risk-based regulatory capital and leverage requirements that are calculated in accordance with the regulations of the FRB (Capital Framework). The Capital Framework is largely based on the Basel Committee’s framework for strengthening the regulation, supervision and risk management of banks (Basel III) and also implements certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Under the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies’ tailoring framework, we and GS Bank USA are subject to “Category I” standards because we have been designated as a global systemically important bank (G-SIB). Accordingly, we and GS Bank USA are “Advanced approach” banking organizations. Under the Capital Framework, we and GS Bank USA must meet specific regulatory capital requirements that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items. The sufficiency of our capital levels is also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators. We and GS Bank USA are also subject to liquidity requirements established by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies.
GSBE is subject to capital and liquidity requirements prescribed in the E.U. Capital Requirements Regulation, as amended (CRR), and the E.U. Capital Requirements Directive, as amended (CRD), which are largely based on Basel III.
GSI and GSIB are subject to the U.K. capital and liquidity frameworks prescribed in the PRA Rulebook and the U.K. Capital Requirements Regulation, which are also largely based on Basel III and are generally aligned with the E.U. capital and liquidity frameworks.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Risk-Based Capital Ratios.
As Advanced approach banking organizations, we and GS Bank USA calculate risk-based capital ratios in accordance with both the Standardized and Advanced Capital Rules. Both the Standardized and Advanced Capital Rules include minimum risk-based capital requirements and additional capital conservation buffer requirements that must be satisfied solely with Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital. Failure to satisfy a buffer requirement in full would result in constraints on capital distributions and discretionary executive compensation. The severity of the constraints would depend on the amount of the shortfall and the organization’s “eligible retained income,” defined as the greater of (i) net income for the four preceding quarters, net of distributions and associated tax effects not reflected in net income; and (ii) the average of net income over the preceding four quarters. For Group Inc., the capital conservation buffer requirements consist of a 2.5% buffer (under the Advanced Capital Rules), a stress capital buffer (SCB) (under the Standardized Capital Rules), and both a countercyclical buffer and the G-SIB surcharge (under both Capital Rules). For GS Bank USA, the capital conservation buffer requirements consist of a 2.5% buffer and the countercyclical capital buffer.
In 2023, the FRB issued a proposal to implement a revised G-SIB