the fourth quarter of 2024, the firm performed its annual assessment of goodwill for impairment, for each of its reporting units with goodwill, by performing a qualitative assessment. Multiple factors, including performance indicators, macroeconomic indicators, firm and industry events, and fair value indicators, were assessed with respect to each of these reporting units to determine whether it was more likely than not that the estimated fair value of each of those reporting units was less than its carrying value. As a result of the qualitative assessment, the firm determined that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with goodwill exceeded its respective carrying value. Therefore, the firm determined that goodwill for each reporting unit was not impaired and that a quantitative goodwill test was not required.
There were no events or changes in circumstances during the three months ended March 2025 that would indicate that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair value of each of the reporting units with goodwill did not exceed its respective carrying value as of March 2025.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Identifiable Intangible Assets
The table below presents identifiable intangible assets by type.
In the table above,
substantially all of the firm’s identifiable intangible assets have finite useful lives and are amortized over their estimated useful lives generally using the straight-line method.
The tables below present information about the amortization of identifiable intangible assets.
The firm tests identifiable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset’s or asset group’s carrying value may not be fully recoverable. To the extent the carrying value of an asset or asset group exceeds the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposal of the asset or asset group, the firm determines the asset or asset group is impaired and records an impairment equal to the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of the asset or asset group. In addition, the firm will recognize an impairment prior to the sale of an asset or asset group if the carrying value of the asset or asset group exceeds its estimated fair value.
There were no material impairments or write-downs during either the three months ended March 2025 or March 2024.
Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets
The firm enters into operating leases for real estate, office equipment and other assets, substantially all of which are used in connection with its operations. For leases longer than one year, the firm recognizes a right-of-use asset representing the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term, and a lease liability representing the liability to make payments. The lease term is generally determined based on the contractual maturity of the lease.