and elsewhere in the Americas, we have offices consisting of approximately 6.3 million square feet of leased and owned space. Our principal executive offices are located at 200 West Street, New York, New York and consist of approximately 2.1 million square feet. The building is located on a parcel leased from Battery Park City Authority pursuant to a ground lease. Under the lease, Battery Park City Authority holds title to all improvements, including the office building, subject to our right of exclusive possession and use until June 2069, the expiration date of the lease. Under the terms of the ground lease, we made a lump sum ground rent payment in June 2007 of $161 million for rent through the term of the lease.
In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, we have offices consisting of approximately 1.8 million square feet of leased and owned space. Our European headquarters is located in London at Plumtree Court, consisting of approximately 826,000 square feet under a lease which can be terminated in 2039.
In Asia, Australia and New Zealand, we have offices consisting of approximately 2.9 million square feet, including our offices in India, and regional headquarters in Tokyo and Hong Kong. In India, we have offices with approximately 1.9 million square feet, the majority of which have leases that will expire starting in 2028.
In the preceding paragraphs, square footage figures are provided only for properties that are used in the operation of our businesses. We regularly evaluate our space capacity in relation to current and projected headcount. We may incur exit costs in the future if we (i) reduce our space capacity or (ii) commit to, or occupy, new properties in locations in which we operate and dispose of existing space that had been held for potential growth. These costs may be material to our operating results in a given period.
Item 3.  Legal Proceedings
We are involved in a number of judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of our businesses. Many of these proceedings are in early stages, and many of these cases seek an indeterminate amount of damages. We have estimated the upper end of the range of reasonably possible aggregate loss for matters where we have been able to estimate a range and we believe, based on currently available information, that the results of matters where we have not been able to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, but may be material to our operating results in a given period. Given the range of litigation and investigations presently under way, our litigation expenses may remain high. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Use of Estimates” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. See Notes 18 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information about our