finalized, capital rules are subject to change as the proposed rules may change, the final rules may differ from the proposed rules and our balance sheet composition will change. As a consequence, we may underestimate the actual impact of the final rules.
Statements about the risk exposure related to the asset recovery guarantee provided to the Government of Malaysia are subject to the risk that we may be unsuccessful in our arbitration against the Government of Malaysia.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Statements about our objectives in management of our human capital are based on our current expectations and are subject to the risk that we may not achieve these objectives.
Statements about our sustainability and carbon neutrality, net-zero or other sustainability-related targets and goals are based on our current expectations and are subject to the risk that we may not achieve these targets and goals due to, among other things, global socio-demographic and economic trends, energy prices, lack of technological innovations, climate-related conditions and weather events, legislative and regulatory changes, consumer behavior and demand, and other unforeseen events or conditions.
Statements about future inflation are subject to the risk that actual inflation may differ, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in economic growth, unemployment or consumer demand.
Statements about the proposed or pending sales of Asset & Wealth Management historical principal investments are subject to the risks that buyers may not bid on these assets or bid at levels, or with terms, that are unacceptable to us, and that the performance of these activities may deteriorate as a result of the proposed and pending sales, and statements about the process to transition the GM credit card program are subject to the risk that a transaction may not close on the anticipated timeline or at all.
Statements about the effectiveness of our cybersecurity risk management process are subject to the risk that measures we have implemented to safeguard our systems (and third parties that we interface with) may not be sufficient to prevent a successful cybersecurity attack or a material security breach that results in the disclosure of confidential information or otherwise disrupts our operations.
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk are set forth in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management” in Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q.
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out by our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that