awards, additional paid-in capital is adjusted to the extent of the difference between the value of the award at the time of cash settlement and the grant-date value of the award. The tax effect related to the settlement of share-based awards and payments of dividend equivalents is recorded in income tax benefit or expense.
Stock Incentive Plan
The firm sponsors a stock incentive plan, The Goldman Sachs Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (2021) (2021 SIP), which provides for grants of RSUs, restricted stock, dividend equivalent rights, incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, and other share-based awards, each of which may be subject to terms and conditions, including performance or market conditions. On April 29, 2021, shareholders approved the 2021 SIP. The 2021 SIP is a successor to several predecessor stock incentive plans, the first of which was adopted on April 30, 1999, and each of which was approved by the firm’s shareholders.
As of December 2024,
55.7
million shares were available to be delivered pursuant to awards granted under the 2021 SIP. If any shares of common stock underlying awards granted under the 2021 SIP or awards granted under predecessor stock incentive plans are not delivered because such awards are forfeited, terminated or canceled, or if shares of common stock underlying such awards are surrendered or withheld to satisfy any obligation of the grantee (including taxes), those shares will become available to be delivered pursuant to awards granted under the 2021 SIP. Shares available to be delivered under the 2021 SIP also are subject to adjustment for certain events or changes in corporate structure as provided under the 2021 SIP. The 2021 SIP is scheduled to terminate on the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
Restricted Stock Units
The firm grants RSUs (including RSUs subject to performance or market conditions) to employees, which are generally valued based on the closing price of the underlying shares on the date of grant, after taking into account a liquidity discount for any applicable post-vesting and delivery transfer restrictions. The value of equity awards also considers the impact of material non-public information, if any, that the firm expects to make available shortly following grant. RSUs not subject to performance or market conditions generally vest and underlying shares of common stock are delivered (net of required withholding tax) over a
three-year
period as outlined in the applicable award agreements. Award agreements generally provide that vesting is accelerated in certain circumstances, such as on retirement, death, disability and, in certain cases, conflicted employment. Delivery of the underlying shares of common stock is conditioned on the grantees satisfying certain vesting and other requirements outlined in the award agreements.
RSUs that are subject to performance or market conditions generally are settled after the end of a
three
- to