final rules may differ from the proposed rules and our balance sheet composition will change. As a consequence, we may underestimate the actual impact of the final rules.
Statements about the risk exposure related to the asset recovery guarantee provided to the Government of Malaysia are subject to the risk that we may be unsuccessful in our arbitration against the Government of Malaysia. Statements about the progress or the status of remediation activities relating to 1MDB are based on our expectations regarding our current remediation plans. Accordingly, our ability to complete the remediation activities may change, possibly materially, from what is currently expected.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Statements about our objectives in management of our human capital are based on our current expectations and are subject to the risk that we may not achieve these objectives.
Statements about our sustainability and carbon neutrality, net-zero or other sustainability-related targets and goals are based on our current expectations and are subject to the risk that we may not achieve these targets and goals due to, among other things, global socio-demographic and economic trends, energy prices, lack of technological innovations, climate-related conditions and weather events, legislative and regulatory changes, consumer behavior and demand, and other unforeseen events or conditions.
Statements about future inflation are subject to the risk that actual inflation may differ, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in economic growth, unemployment or consumer demand.
Statements about the impact of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and related sanctions, the impact of the conflicts in the Middle East and other developments on our business, results and financial position are subject to the risks that hostilities may escalate and expand, that sanctions may increase and that the actual impact may differ, possibly materially, from what is currently expected.
Statements about the proposed sales of Asset & Wealth Management historical principal investments are subject to the risks that buyers may not bid on these assets or bid at levels, or with terms, that are unacceptable to us, and that the performance of these activities may deteriorate as a result of the proposed sales, and statements about our ability to transition the GM credit card program to another issuer are subject to the risk that the transaction may not close on the anticipated timeline or at all, including due to a failure to obtain requisite regulatory approval.
Statements about the effectiveness of our cybersecurity risk management process are subject to the risk that measures we have implemented to safeguard our systems (and third parties that we interface with) may not be sufficient to prevent a successful cybersecurity attack or a material security breach that results in the disclosure of confidential information or otherwise disrupts our operations.
Item 1A.  Risk