Calibration to Market Comparables.
Market-based transactions are used to corroborate the valuation of positions with similar characteristics, risks and components.
•
Relative Value Analyses.
Market-based transactions are analyzed to determine the similarity, measured in terms of risk, liquidity and return, of one instrument relative to another or, for a given instrument, of one maturity relative to another.
•
Collateral Analyses.
Margin calls on derivatives are analyzed to determine implied values, which are used to corroborate our valuations.
•
Execution of Trades.
Where appropriate, market-making desks are instructed to execute trades in order to provide evidence of market-clearing levels.
•
Backtesting.
Valuations are corroborated by comparison to values realized upon sales.
See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about fair value measurements.
Review of Net Revenues.
We seek to ensure adherence to our pricing policy through a combination of daily procedures, including the explanation and attribution of net revenues based on the underlying factors. Through this process, we independently validate net revenues, identify and resolve potential fair value or trade booking issues on a timely basis and seek to ensure that risks are being properly categorized and quantified.
Review of Valuation Models.
Our independent model risk management group (Model Risk), consisting of quantitative professionals who are separate from model developers, performs an independent model review and validation process of our valuation models. New or changed models are reviewed and approved prior to implementation. Models are reviewed annually to assess the impact of any changes in the product or market and any market developments in pricing theories. See “Risk Management — Model Risk Management” for further information about the review and validation of our valuation models.
Allowance for Credit Losses
We estimate and record an allowance for credit losses related to our loans held for investment that are accounted for at amortized cost. To determine the allowance for credit losses, we classify our loans accounted for at amortized cost into wholesale and consumer portfolios. These portfolios represent the level at which we have developed and documented our methodology to determine the allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective basis for loans that exhibit similar risk characteristics using a modeled approach and on an asset-specific basis for loans that do not share similar risk characteristics.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The allowance for credit losses takes into account the weighted average of a range of forecasts of future economic conditions over the expected life of the loans and lending commitments. The expected life of each loan or lending commitment is determined based on the contractual term adjusted for extension options or