Management’s Discussion and Analysis
In addition, we also have credit exposure to commercial real estate loans held for securitization of $568 million as of December 2024 and $119 million as of December 2023. Such loans are included in trading assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
Residential Real Estate.
Residential real estate loans and lending commitments are primarily extended to wealth management clients and to clients who warehouse assets that are directly or indirectly secured by residential real estate. In addition, residential real estate includes loans purchased by us.
The table below presents our credit exposure from residential real estate loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics.
In the table above:
•
Credit exposure included loans and lending commitments of $14.35 billion as of December 2024 and $14.45 billion as of December 2023 which are extended to clients who warehouse assets that are directly or indirectly secured by residential real estate.
•
Substantially all residential real estate loans included in the other metrics category consists of loans extended to wealth management clients. As of both December 2024 and December 2023, substantially all of such loans had a loan-to-value ratio of less than 80% and were performing in accordance with the contractual terms. Additionally, as of both December 2024 and December 2023, the vast majority of such loans had a FICO credit score of greater than 740.
In addition, we also have credit exposure to residential real estate loans held for securitization of $10.18 billion as of December 2024 and $7.65 billion as of December 2023. Such loans are included in trading assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Securities-Based.
Securities-based includes loans and lending commitments that are secured by stocks, bonds, mutual funds, and exchange-traded funds. These loans and commitments are primarily extended to our wealth management clients and used for purposes other than purchasing, carrying or trading margin stocks. Securities-based loans require borrowers to post additional collateral on a daily basis (daily margin requirement) based on changes in the underlying collateral’s fair value.
The table below presents our credit exposure from securities-based loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics.
In the table above, the vast majority of securities-based loans included in the other metrics category had a loan-to-value ratio of less than 80% and were performing in accordance with the contractual terms as of both December 2024 and December 2023.
Other Collateralized.
Other collateralized includes loans and lending commitments that are backed by specific collateral (other than securities-based loans where