Had these payables been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, substantially all would have been classified in level 2 as of both March 2025 and December 2024. Interest on customer and other payables is recognized over the life of the transaction and included in interest expense.
Offsetting Assets and Liabilities
To reduce credit exposures on derivatives and securities financing transactions, the firm may enter into master netting agreements or similar arrangements (collectively, netting agreements) with counterparties that permit it to offset receivables and payables with such counterparties. A netting agreement is a contract with a counterparty that permits net settlement of multiple transactions with that counterparty, including upon the exercise of termination rights by a non-defaulting party. Upon exercise of such termination rights, all transactions governed by the netting agreement are terminated and a net settlement amount is calculated. In addition, the firm receives and posts cash and securities collateral with respect to its derivatives and securities financing transactions, subject to the terms of the related credit support agreements or similar arrangements (collectively, credit support agreements). An enforceable credit support agreement grants the non-defaulting party exercising termination rights the right to liquidate the collateral and apply the proceeds to any amounts owed. In order to assess enforceability of the firm’s right of setoff under netting and credit support agreements, the firm evaluates various factors, including applicable bankruptcy laws, local statutes and regulatory provisions in the jurisdiction of the parties to the agreement.
Derivatives are reported on a net-by-counterparty basis (i.e., the net payable or receivable for derivative assets and liabilities for a given counterparty) in the consolidated balance sheets when a legal right of setoff exists under an enforceable netting agreement. Resale agreements and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements) and securities borrowed and loaned transactions with the same settlement date are presented on a net-by-counterparty basis in the consolidated balance sheets when such transactions meet certain settlement criteria and are subject to netting agreements.
In the consolidated balance sheets, derivatives are reported net of cash collateral received and posted under enforceable credit support agreements, when transacted under an enforceable netting agreement. In the consolidated balance sheets, resale and repurchase agreements, and securities borrowed and loaned, are not reported net of the related cash and securities received or posted as collateral. See Note 11 for further information about collateral received and pledged, including rights to deliver or repledge collateral. See Notes 7 and 11 for further information about offsetting assets and liabilities.
Share-Based Compensation
The cost of employee services received in exchange