requirements of, the respective segments. See Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our business segments.
The allocation of common shareholders’ equity and preferred stock dividends to each segment is based on the estimated amount of equity required to support the activities of the segment under relevant regulatory capital requirements. Net earnings for each segment is calculated by applying the firmwide tax rate to each segment’s pre-tax earnings.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Compensation and benefits expenses within our segments reflect, among other factors, our overall performance, as well as the performance of individual businesses. Consequently, pre-tax margins in one segment of our business may be significantly affected by the performance of our other business segments. A description of segment operating results follows.
Global Banking & Markets
Global Banking & Markets generates revenues from the following:
Investment banking fees.
We provide advisory and underwriting services and help companies raise capital to strengthen and grow their businesses. Investment banking fees includes the following:
•
Advisory.
Includes strategic advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings and spin-offs.
•
Underwriting.
Includes public offerings and private placements in both local and cross-border transactions of a wide range of securities and other financial instruments, including acquisition financing.
FICC.
FICC generates revenues from intermediation and financing activities.
•
FICC intermediation.
Includes client execution activities related to making markets in both cash and derivative instruments, as detailed below.
Interest Rate Products.
Government bonds (including inflation-linked securities) across maturities, other government-backed securities, and interest rate swaps, options and other derivatives.
Credit Products
.
Investment-grade and high-yield corporate securities, credit derivatives, exchange-traded funds (ETFs), bank and bridge loans, municipal securities, distressed debt and trade claims.
Mortgages.
Commercial mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives, residential mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives (including U.S. government agency-issued collateralized mortgage obligations and other securities and loans), and other asset-backed securities, loans and derivatives.
Currencies.
Currency options, spot/forwards and other derivatives on G-10 currencies and emerging-market products.
Commodities.
Commodity derivatives and, to a lesser extent, physical commodities, involving crude oil and petroleum products, natural gas, agricultural, base, precious and other metals, electricity, including renewable power, environmental products and other commodity products.
•
FICC financing.
Includes (i) secured lending to our clients through structured credit and