and acquisition and bridge financing. See Note 18 for information about the firm’s investment commitments related to these funds.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Note 23.
Interest Income and Interest Expense
Interest is recorded over the life of the instrument on an accrual basis based on contractual interest rates.
The table below presents sources of interest income and interest expense.
In the table above:
•
Collateralized agreements includes rebates paid and interest income on securities borrowed.
•
Loans excludes interest on loans held for sale that are accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value. Such interest is included within other interest.
•
Other interest income includes interest income on customer debit balances, other interest-earning assets and loans held for sale that are accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value.
•
Collateralized financings consists of repurchase agreements and securities loaned.
•
Short- and long-term borrowings include both secured and unsecured borrowings.
•
Other interest expense includes rebates received on other interest-bearing liabilities and interest expense on customer credit balances.
Note 24.
Income Taxes
Provision for Income Taxes
Income taxes are provided for using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. The firm reports interest expense related to income tax matters in provision for taxes and income tax penalties in other expenses.
Deferred Income Taxes
Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. These temporary differences result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years and are measured using the tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that more likely than not will be realized and primarily relate to the ability to utilize losses and tax credits in various tax jurisdictions. Tax assets are included in other assets and tax liabilities are included in other liabilities.
Unrecognized Tax Benefits
The firm recognizes tax positions in the consolidated financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on examination by the relevant taxing authority based on the technical merits of the position. A position that meets this standard is measured at the largest amount of benefit that will more likely than not be realized on settlement. A liability is established for differences between positions taken in a tax return and amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements.
Regulatory Tax Examinations
The firm is subject to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other