mortgages, currencies, commodities and equity products. These activities are included in Global Banking & Markets.
•
Other principal transactions consists of revenues (excluding net interest) from our equity investing activities, including revenues related to our consolidated investments (included in Asset & Wealth Management), and debt investing and lending activities (included across our three segments).
Operating Environment.
During 2024, the operating environment was generally characterized by continued broad macroeconomic concerns, including concerns and uncertainty about inflation, ongoing geopolitical tensions, central bank policy and the potential outcome of national elections. In investment banking, industry-wide underwriting volumes increased compared with 2023, driven by strong levels of debt offerings and improved levels of equity offerings, while industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions volumes remained below historical averages. In market making, activity levels were mixed, as activity levels in fixed income-related products decreased compared with the prior year, while activity levels in equity-related products increased. Global equity prices were generally higher compared with the end of 2023, and concerns about the commercial real estate market persisted. In the U.S., the rate of unemployment remained low and the pace of growth in consumer spending increased slightly compared with 2023.
If uncertainty and concerns about geopolitical tensions and the economic outlook remain elevated or grow, including those about central bank policy, inflation and the commercial real estate sector, it may lead to a decline in asset prices, a decline in market-making activity levels, a decline in industry-wide investment banking volumes, and net revenues and provision for credit losses would likely be negatively impacted. See “Segment Assets and Operating Results — Segment Operating Results” for information about the operating environment and material trends and uncertainties that may impact our results of operations.
2024 ve
rsus 2023
Net revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $53.51 billion for 2024, 16% higher than 2023, primarily reflecting significantly higher other principal transactions revenues, net interest income and investment banking revenues and higher investment management revenues.
Non-Interest Revenues.
Investment banking revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $7.74 billion for 2024, 24% higher than 2023, primarily reflecting significantly higher revenues in debt underwriting, primarily driven by leveraged finance activity, and in equity underwriting, primarily driven by secondary and initial public offerings. In addition, revenues in advisory were higher, reflecting an increase in completed mergers and acquisitions transactions.
Investment management revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $10.60 billion for 2024, 11% higher than 2023, primarily due to higher management