we maintain relationships with our clients, receiving orders and distributing investment research, trading ideas, market information and analysis. Much of this connectivity between us and our clients is maintained on technology platforms, including
Marquee
, and operates globally where markets are open for trading.
Marquee
provides institutional investors with market intelligence, risk analytics, proprietary datasets and trade execution across multiple asset classes.
Our businesses are supported by our Global Investment Research business, which, as of December
2024
, provided fundamental research on approximately 3,000 companies worldwide and on approximately 50 national economies, as well as on industries, currencies and commodities.
Our activities are organized by asset class and include both “cash” and “derivative” instruments. “Cash” refers to trading the underlying instrument (such as a stock, bond or barrel of oil). “Derivative” refers to instruments that derive their value from underlying asset prices, indices, reference rates and other inputs, or a combination of these factors (such as an option, which is the right or obligation to buy or sell a certain bond, stock or other asset on a specified date in the future at a certain price, or an interest rate swap, which is the agreement to convert a fixed rate of interest into a floating rate or vice versa).
Global Banking & Markets generates revenues from the following:
Investment banking fees.
We provide advisory and underwriting services and help companies raise capital to strengthen and grow their businesses.
Investment banking fees includes the following:
•
Advisory.
We have been a leader for many years in providing advisory services, including strategic advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings and spin-offs. In particular, we help clients execute large, complex transactions for which we provide multiple services, including cross-border structuring expertise. We also assist our clients in managing their asset and liability exposures and their capital.
•
Underwriting.
We help companies raise capital to fund their businesses. As a financial intermediary, our job is to match the capital of our investing clients, who aim to grow the savings of millions of people, with the needs of our public and private sector clients, who need financing to generate growth, create jobs and deliver products and services. Our underwriting activities include public offerings and private placements in both local and cross-border transactions of a wide range of securities and other financial instruments, including acquisition financing. Underwriting consists of the following:
Equity underwriting.
We underwrite common stock, preferred stock, convertible securities and exchangeable securities. We regularly receive mandates for large, complex transactions and have held a leading position in worldwide public common stock offerings and