public offerings).
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Our backlog represents an estimate of our net revenues from future transactions where we believe that future revenue realization is more likely than not. We believe changes in our backlog may be a useful indicator of client activity levels which, over the long term, impact our net revenues. However, the time frame for completion and corresponding revenue recognition of transactions in our backlog varies based on the nature of the assignment, as certain transactions may remain in our backlog for longer periods of time. In addition, our backlog is subject to certain limitations, such as assumptions about the likelihood that individual client transactions will occur in the future. Transactions may be cancelled or modified, and transactions not included in the estimate may also occur.
Net revenues in FICC were $4.40 billion, 2% higher than the first quarter of 2024, reflecting higher net revenues in FICC financing, driven by significantly higher net revenues from mortgages and structured lending. Net revenues in FICC intermediation were slightly lower, reflecting lower net revenues in credit products, interest rate products and commodities, largely offset by higher net revenues in currencies and slightly higher net revenues in mortgages.
The decrease in FICC intermediation net revenues reflected the impact of less favorable market-making conditions on our inventory, partially offset by higher client activity. The following provides information about our FICC intermediation net revenues by business, compared with results for the first quarter of 2024:
•
Net revenues in credit products, interest rate products and commodities reflected the impact of less favorable market-making conditions on our inventory.
•
Net revenues in currencies and mortgages reflected higher client activity.
Net revenues in Equities were $4.19 billion, 27% higher than the first quarter of 2024, due to significantly higher net revenues in Equities intermediation, primarily reflecting significantly higher net revenues in derivatives, and in Equities financing, primarily reflecting significantly higher net revenues in portfolio financing.
Net revenues in Other were $197 million for the first quarter of 2025, compared with $12 million for the first quarter of 2024, with the increase primarily reflecting significantly lower net losses on hedges.
Provision for credit losses was $65 million for the first quarter of 2025, compared with $96 million for the first quarter of 2024. Provisions for the first quarter of 2025 primarily reflected growth in the loan portfolio. Provisions for the first quarter of 2024 primarily reflected provisions related to impairments on corporate loans.
Operating expenses were $5.81 billion for the first quarter of 2025, 13% higher than the first quarter of 2024, primarily due to significantly higher transaction based expenses and higher compensation and