clients represent approximately
45
% of total non-interest revenues for both 2024 and 2023 (including approximately
85
% of investment banking revenues, approximately
95
% of investment management revenues and all commissions and fees), and approximately
50
% of total non-interest revenues for 2022 (including approximately
85
% of investment banking revenues, approximately
95
% of investment management revenues and all commissions and fees). See Note 25 for information about net revenues by business segment.
Investment Banking
Advisory.
Fees from financial advisory assignments are recognized in revenues when the services related to the underlying transaction are completed under the terms of the assignment. Non-refundable deposits and milestone payments in connection with financial advisory assignments are recognized in revenues upon completion of the underlying transaction or when the assignment is otherwise concluded.
Expenses associated with financial advisory assignments are recognized when incurred and are included in transaction based expenses. Client reimbursements for such expenses are included in investment banking revenues.
Underwriting.
Fees from underwriting assignments are recognized in revenues upon completion of the underlying transaction based on the terms of the assignment.
Expenses associated with underwriting assignments are generally deferred until the related revenue is recognized or the assignment is otherwise concluded. Such expenses are included in transaction based expenses for completed assignments.
Investment Management
The firm earns management fees and incentive fees for investment management services, which are included in investment management revenues. The firm makes payments to brokers and advisors related to the placement of the firm’s investment funds (distribution fees), which are included in transaction based expenses.
Management Fees.
Management fees for mutual funds are calculated as a percentage of daily NAV and are received monthly. Management fees for hedge funds are calculated as a percentage of month-end NAV and are generally received quarterly. Management fees for separately managed accounts are calculated as a percentage of either the daily or monthly NAV and are received quarterly. Management fees for private equity funds are calculated as a percentage of monthly invested capital or committed capital and are generally received quarterly, semi-annually or annually, depending on the fund. Management fees are recognized over time in the period the services are provided.
Distribution fees paid by the firm are calculated based on either a percentage of the management fee, the investment fund’s NAV or the committed capital. Such fees are included in transaction based expenses.
Incentive Fees.
Incentive fees are calculated as a percentage of a fund’s or separately managed account’s return, or excess return above a specified benchmark or other performance target. Incentive fees are generally based on