or not the FDIC ever sought to repudiate any debt obligations of GS Bank USA, the debtholders (other than depositors at U.S. branches) would be treated differently from, and could receive, if anything, substantially less than, the depositors at U.S. branches of GS Bank USA
.
Deposit Insurance.
Deposits at GS Bank USA have the benefit of FDIC insurance up to the applicable limits. The FDIC’s Deposit Insurance Fund is funded by assessments on IDIs. GS Bank USA’s assessment (subject to adjustment by the FDIC) is currently based on its average total consolidated assets less its average tangible equity during the assessment period, its supervisory ratings and specified forward-looking financial measures used to calculate the assessment rate. In addition, the FDIC must recover, by special assessment, losses to the FDIC deposit insurance fund as a result of the FDIC’s use of the systemic risk exception to the least cost resolution test under the FDIA. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Results of Operations — Operating Expenses” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for information about the estimated impact of the FDIC special assessment fee. The deposits of GSBE are covered by the German statutory deposit protection program to the extent provided by law. In addition, GSBE has elected to participate in the German voluntary deposit protection program which provides further insurance for certain eligible deposits beyond the coverage of the German statutory deposit program. Eligible deposits at GSIB and the London branch of GS Bank USA are covered by the U.K. Financial Services Compensation Scheme up to the applicable limits.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Prompt Corrective Action.
The U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (FDICIA) requires the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies to take “prompt corrective action” in respect of depository institutions that do not meet specified capital requirements. FDICIA establishes five capital categories for FDIC-insured banks, such as GS Bank USA: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized.
An institution may be downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a capital category that is lower than is indicated by its capital ratios if it is determined to be in an unsafe or unsound condition or if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain matters. FDICIA imposes progressively more restrictive constraints on operations, management and capital distributions, as the capital category of an institution declines. Failure to meet the capital requirements could also require a depository institution to raise capital. Ultimately, critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator, as described in “Insolvency of an IDI or a BHC” above.
The prompt corrective action regulations do not