issuance costs in the consolidated statements of shareholders’ equity reflects reclassifications of issuance costs to retained earnings on redemptions, net of issuance costs relating to new issuances.
The table below presents the dividend rates of perpetual preferred stock as of December 2024.
In the table above, dividends on each series of preferred stock are payable in arrears for the periods specified.
The table below presents preferred stock dividends declared.
On
January 7, 2025
, Group Inc. declared dividends of $
345.49
per share of Series A Preferred Stock, $
345.49
per share of Series C Preferred Stock, $
340.49
per share of Series D Preferred Stock, $
922.38
per share of Series Q Preferred Stock, $
618.75
per share of Series R Preferred Stock, $
550.00
per share of Series S Preferred Stock, $
456.25
per share of Series U Preferred Stock and $
937.50
per share of Series W Preferred Stock that were paid on February 10, 2025 to preferred shareholders of record on January 26, 2025. In addition, the firm declared dividends of $
1,397.48
per share of Series E Preferred Stock and $
1,398.11
per share of Series F Preferred Stock that will be paid on March 3, 2025 to preferred shareholders of record on February 16, 2025.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)
The table below presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax, by type.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 20.
Regulation and Capital Adequacy
The FRB is the primary regulator of Group Inc., a bank holding company under the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and a financial holding company under amendments to this Act. The firm is subject to consolidated regulatory capital requirements which are calculated in accordance with the regulations of the FRB (Capital Framework).
The capital requirements are expressed as risk-based capital and leverage ratios that compare measures of regulatory capital to risk-weighted assets (RWAs), average assets and off-balance sheet exposures. Failure to comply with these capital requirements would result in restrictions being imposed by the firm’s regulators and could limit the firm’s ability to repurchase shares, pay dividends and make certain discretionary compensation payments. The firm’s capital levels are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components of capital, risk weightings and other factors. Furthermore, certain of the firm’s subsidiaries are subject to separate regulations and capital requirements.
Capital Framework
The regulations under the Capital Framework are largely based on the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision’s (Basel Committee) capital framework for strengthening international capital standards (Basel III) and also implement certain provisions of the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Under the Capital Framework, the firm is an “Advanced approaches” banking organization and has