framework for strengthening international capital standards (Basel III). The eligible retail deposits of GSIB are covered by the U.K. Financial Services Compensation Scheme to the extent provided by law.
The table below presents GSIB’s risk-based capital requirements.
The table below presents information about GSIB’s risk-based capital ratios.
In the table above, the risk-based capital ratios as of March 2025 reflected profits that are still subject to annual audit by GSIB’s external auditors and approval by GSIB’s Board of Directors for inclusion in risk-based capital. These profits contributed 69 basis points to the CET1 capital ratio as of March 2025.
The table below presents GSIB’s leverage ratio requirement and leverage ratio.
In the table above, the leverage ratio as of March 2025 reflected profits that are still subject to annual audit by GSIB’s external auditors and approval by GSIB’s Board of Directors for inclusion in risk-based capital. These profits contributed 20 basis points to the leverage ratio as of March 2025.
GSIB is subject to minimum reserve requirements at central banks in certain of the jurisdictions in which it operates. As of both March 2025 and December 2024, GSIB was in compliance with these requirements.
•
GSBE.
GSBE is our German bank subsidiary supervised by the European Central Bank, BaFin and Deutsche Bundesbank. GSBE is a non-U.S. banking subsidiary of GS Bank USA and is also subject to standalone regulatory capital requirements noted below. GSBE is subject to the capital requirements prescribed in the E.U. Capital Requirements Directive (CRD) and E.U. Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR), which are largely based on Basel III. Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, GSBE became subject to the capital requirements prescribed in the Basel Committee's finalized revisions to the Basel III Capital Requirements (Basel III Revisions), as implemented by the E.U. The deposits of GSBE are covered by the German statutory deposit protection program to the extent provided by law. In addition, GSBE has elected to participate in the German voluntary deposit protection program which provides further insurance for certain eligible deposits beyond the coverage of the German statutory deposit program.
The table below presents GSBE’s risk-based capital requirements.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The table below presents information about GSBE’s risk-based capital ratios.
In the table above:
•
The risk-based capital ratios decreased from December 2024 to March 2025, primarily reflecting an increase in both Credit RWAs (principally due to the implementation of Basel III Revisions on January 1, 2025) and Market RWAs.
•
The risk-based capital ratios as of both March 2025 and December 2024 reflected profits that are still subject to annual audit by GSBE’s external auditors and approval by GSBE’s shareholder (GS Bank USA) for inclusion in risk-based capital. These profits contributed