deemed to be uncollectible.
We also record an allowance for credit losses on lending commitments which are held for investment that are accounted for at amortized cost. Such allowance is determined using the same methodology as the allowance for loan losses, while also taking into consideration the probability of drawdowns or funding, and whether such commitments are cancellable by us.
To estimate the potential impact of an adverse macroeconomic environment on our allowance for credit losses, we, among other things, compared the expected credit losses under the weighted average forecast used in the calculation of allowance for credit losses as of March 2025 (which was weighted towards the baseline and adverse economic scenarios) to the expected credit losses under a 100% weighted adverse economic scenario. The adverse economic scenario of the forecast model reflects a global recession in the second quarter of 2025 through the second quarter of 2026, resulting in an economic contraction and rising unemployment rates. A 100% weighting to the adverse economic scenario would have resulted in an approximate $0.8 billion increase in our allowance for credit losses as of March 2025. This hypothetical increase does not take into consideration any potential adjustments to qualitative reserves. The forecasts of macroeconomic conditions are inherently uncertain and do not take into account any other offsetting or correlated effects. The actual credit loss in an adverse macroeconomic environment may differ significantly from this estimate. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the allowance for credit losses.
Use of Estimates
U.S. GAAP requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions. In addition to the estimates we make in connection with fair value measurements and the allowance for credit losses on loans and lending commitments held for investment and accounted for at amortized cost, the use of estimates and assumptions is also important in determining discretionary compensation accruals, the accounting for goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, provisions for losses that may arise from litigation and regulatory proceedings (including governmental investigations), and accounting for income taxes.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
A substantial portion of our compensation and benefits represents discretionary compensation, which is finalized at year-end. We believe the most appropriate way to allocate estimated year-end discretionary compensation among interim periods is in proportion to the net revenues net of provision for credit losses earned in such periods. In addition to the level of net revenues net of provision for credit losses, our overall compensation expense in any given year is also influenced by, among other factors, overall financial performance, prevailing labor markets, business mix, the structure of our share-based compensation