disclosed.
Note 19.
Shareholders’ Equity
Common Equity
As of both March 2025 and December 2024, the firm had
4.00
billion authorized shares of common stock and
200
million authorized shares of nonvoting common stock, each with a par value of $
0.01
per share.
The firm’s share repurchase program is intended to help maintain the appropriate level of common equity. The share repurchase program is effected primarily through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 and accelerated share repurchases), the amounts and timing of which are determined primarily by the firm’s current and projected capital position, and capital deployment opportunities, but which may also be influenced by the evolution of current and future regulatory capital requirements, general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of the firm’s common stock.
The table below presents information about common stock repurchases.
Pursuant to the terms of certain share-based awards, employees may remit shares to the firm or the firm may cancel share-based awards to satisfy statutory employee tax withholding requirements.
In connection with these awards, during the three months ended March 2025,
997
shares were remitted with a total value of $
0.6
million and the firm cancelled
3.0
million share-based awards with a total value of $
1.85
billion. The amount of cash used to settle share-based awards was not material for both the three months ended March 2025 and March 2024.
The table below presents common stock dividends declared.
On April 11, 2025, the Board of Directors of Group Inc. declared a dividend of $
3.00
per common share to be paid on June 27, 2025 to common shareholders of record on May 30, 2025.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Preferred Equity
The tables below present information about the perpetual preferred stock issued and outstanding as of March 2025.
In the tables above:
•
All shares have a par value of $
0.01
per share and, where applicable, each share is represented by the specified number of depositary shares.
•
The earliest redemption date represents the date on which each share of non-cumulative preferred stock is redeemable at the firm’s option.
•
Prior to redeeming preferred stock, the firm must receive approval from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB).
•
In January 2025, the firm issued
76,000
shares of Series Z
6.85
% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock (Series Z Preferred Stock).
•
The redemption price per share for Series A through F and Series Q through Z Preferred Stock is the liquidation preference plus declared and unpaid dividends. The redemption price per share for Series O Preferred Stock is the liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends.
•
All series of preferred stock are pari passu and have a preference over the firm’s common stock on liquidation.
•
The