the future make, it difficult for us to sell or value such assets, which have in the past resulted, and may in the future result, in losses for us.
Rules adopted under the Dodd-Frank Act, and similar rules adopted in other jurisdictions, require issuers of certain asset-backed securities and any person who organizes and initiates certain asset-backed securities transactions to retain economic exposure to the asset, which has affected the cost of and structures used in connection with these securitization activities. Our inability to reduce our credit risk by selling, syndicating or securitizing these positions, including during periods of market stress, has in the past negatively affected and may in the future negatively affect our results of operations due to a decrease in the fair value of the positions, including due to the insolvency or bankruptcy of borrowers, as well as the loss of revenues associated with selling such securities or loans.
In the ordinary course of business, we are at times subject to a concentration of credit risk to a particular counterparty, borrower, issuer (including sovereign issuers) or geographic area or group of related countries, such as the E.U., and a failure or downgrade of, or default by, such entity could negatively impact our businesses, perhaps materially, and the systems by which we set limits and monitor the level of our credit exposure to individual entities, industries, countries and regions may not function as we have anticipated. Regulatory reform, including the Dodd-Frank Act, has led to increased centralization of trading activity through particular clearinghouses, agent banks or exchanges, which has significantly increased our concentration of risk with respect to these entities. While our activities expose us to many different industries, counterparties and countries, we routinely execute a high volume of transactions with counterparties engaged in financial services activities, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, clearinghouses, exchanges and investment funds. This has resulted in significant credit concentration with respect to these counterparties.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Derivative transactions and delayed documentation or settlements expose us to credit risk, unexpected risks and potential losses.
We are party to a large number of derivative transactions, including credit derivatives. Many of these derivative instruments are individually negotiated and non-standardized, which can make exiting, transferring or settling positions difficult. Many credit derivatives require that we deliver to the counterparty the underlying security, loan or other obligation in order to receive payment. In a number of cases, we do not hold the underlying security, loan or other obligation and may not be able to obtain the underlying security, loan or other obligation. This could cause us to forfeit the payments due to us under these contracts or result in settlement delays with