asset management and wealth management businesses have been adversely affected and may in the future be adversely affected by market uncertainty or lack of confidence among investors and CEOs due to declines in economic activity and other unfavorable economic, geopolitical or market conditions.
Our investment banking business has been and may in the future be adversely affected by market conditions. Poor economic conditions and other uncertain geopolitical conditions may adversely affect and have in the past adversely affected investor and CEO confidence, resulting in significant industry-wide declines in the size and number of underwritings and of advisory transactions, which would likely have, and have in the past had, an adverse effect on our revenues and our profit margins. In particular, because a significant portion of our investment banking revenues is derived from our participation in large transactions, a decline in the number of large transactions has in the past and would in the future adversely affect our investment banking business. Similarly, in recent years, cross-border initial public offerings and other securities offerings have accounted for a significant proportion of new issuance activity. Legislative, regulatory or other changes that limit trading in, or the issuance of, securities outside the issuers’ domestic markets, that result in or could result in the delisting or removal of securities from exchanges or indices, have in the past adversely affected and would in the future adversely affect our underwriting and client intermediation businesses. Furthermore, changes, or proposed changes, to international trade and investment policies of the U.S. and other countries could negatively affect market activity levels and our revenues.
In certain circumstances, market uncertainty or general declines in market or economic activity may adversely affect our client intermediation businesses by decreasing levels of overall activity or by decreasing volatility.
Market uncertainty, volatility and adverse economic conditions, as well as declines in asset values, may cause our clients to transfer their assets out of our funds or other products or their brokerage accounts and result in reduced net revenues, principally in our asset management and wealth management businesses. Even if clients do not withdraw their funds, they may invest them in products that generate less fee income.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Our asset management and wealth management businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the poor investment performance of our investment products or a client preference for products other than those which we offer or for products that generate lower fees.
Poor investment returns in our asset management and wealth management businesses, due to either general market conditions or underperformance (relative to our competitors or to benchmarks) by funds or accounts that we manage or investment