determine the allowance for credit losses, the firm classifies its loans and lending commitments accounted for at amortized cost into wholesale and consumer portfolios. These portfolios represent the level at which the firm has developed and documented its methodology to determine the allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective basis for loans that exhibit similar risk characteristics using a modeled approach and on an asset-specific basis for loans that do not share similar risk characteristics.
The allowance for credit losses takes into account the weighted average of a range of forecasts of future economic conditions over the expected life of the loans and lending commitments. The expected life of each loan or lending commitment is determined based on the contractual term adjusted for extension options or demand features, or is modeled in the case of revolving credit card loans. The forecasts include multiple economic scenarios over a
three-year
period. For loans with expected lives beyond three years, the model reverts to historical loss information based on a non-linear modeled approach. The forecasted economic scenarios consider a number of risk factors relevant to the wholesale and consumer portfolios described below. The firm applies judgment in weighing individual scenarios each quarter based on a variety of factors, including the firm’s internally derived economic outlook, market consensus, recent macroeconomic conditions and industry trends.
The allowance for credit losses also includes qualitative components which allow management to reflect the uncertain nature of economic forecasting, capture uncertainty regarding model inputs, and account for model imprecision and concentration risk. The qualitative factors considered by management include, among others, changes and trends in loan portfolios, uncertainties associated with the macroeconomic and geopolitical environments, credit concentrations, changes in volume and severity of past due and criticized loans, idiosyncratic events and deterioration within an industry or region.
Management’s estimate of credit losses entails judgment about the expected life of the loan and loan collectability at the reporting dates, and there are uncertainties inherent in those judgments. The allowance for credit losses is subject to a governance process that involves senior management within Risk and Controllers. Personnel within Risk are responsible for forecasting the economic variables that underlie the economic scenarios that are used in the modeling of expected credit losses. While management uses the best information available to determine this estimate, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary based on, among other things, changes in the economic environment or variances between actual results and the original assumptions used.
The table below presents gross loans and lending commitments accounted for at amortized cost by portfolio.
In the