mandatory disclosures.
The SEC requires certain institutional investment managers that meet or exceed certain specified reporting thresholds to report on a monthly basis specific short position data and short activity data for equity securities. Reporting under this rule was required beginning in January 2025.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
In 2024, the SEC issued guidance addressing the rules governing liquidity risk management of open-end management investment companies, such as mutual funds, and adopted amendments to the reporting requirements for certain registered investment companies, requiring such investment companies to, among other things, file reports about their portfolios and each of their portfolio holdings on a monthly basis within 30 days of the end of each month (compared to 60 days of the end of the fiscal quarter under the previous rule) and, for open-end management investment companies such as mutual funds, to identify and provide certain information about the service providers used to fulfill the rules governing liquidity risk management. Compliance with these amendments is required by November 17, 2025. Timely compliance with these accelerated or new reporting requirements will require us to enhance systems and disclosure controls and procedures.
Certain of our European subsidiaries, including GSBE in the E.U. and GSAMI in the U.K., are subject to MiFID II and/or related regulations (including the U.K. legislation making such regulations part of U.K. law), which govern the approval, organizational, marketing and reporting requirements of E.U. or U.K.-based investment managers and the ability of investment fund managers located outside the E.U. or the U.K. to access those markets. Goldman Sachs Asset Management BV is subject to similar requirements as a management company licensed under the E.U. Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS) Directive and the E.U. Alternative Investment Fund Managers (AIFM) Directive with additional authorizations for certain activities regulated under MiFID II. Our asset management business in the E.U. and the U.K. significantly depends on our ability to delegate parts of our activities to other affiliates.
GSAMI is also subject to the prudential regime for U.K. investment firms, the Investment Firms Prudential Regime, which governs the prudential requirements for U.K. investment firms prudentially regulated by the FCA.
Consumer Regulation
Our U.S. consumer-oriented activities are subject to supervision and regulation by the CFPB with respect to federal consumer protection laws, including laws relating to fair lending and the prohibition of unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products and services. Our consumer-oriented activities are also subject to various state and local consumer protection laws, rules and regulations, which, among other things, impose obligations