who warehouse assets that are directly or indirectly secured by corporate loans, consumer loans and other assets. Other collateralized loans also includes loans to investment funds (managed by third parties) that are collateralized by capital commitments of the funds’ investors or assets held by the fund, as well as other secured loans extended to the firm’s wealth management and corporate clients.
•
Credit Cards.
Credit card loans are loans made pursuant to revolving lines of credit issued to consumers by the firm.
•
Other.
Other loans primarily includes unsecured loans extended to wealth management clients and unsecured consumer loans purchased by the firm.
See Note 4 for an overview of the firm’s fair value measurement policies, valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine the fair value of loans, and Note 5 for information about loans within the fair value hierarchy.
Credit Quality
Risk Assessment.
The firm’s risk assessment process includes evaluating the credit quality of its loans by Risk. For corporate loans and a majority of securities-based, real estate, other collateralized and other loans, the firm performs credit analyses which incorporate initial and ongoing evaluations of the capacity and willingness of a borrower to meet its financial obligations. These credit evaluations are performed on an annual basis or more frequently if deemed necessary as a result of events or changes in circumstances. The firm determines an internal credit rating for the borrower by considering the results of the credit evaluations and assumptions with respect to the nature of and outlook for the borrower’s industry and the economic environment. For collateralized loans, the firm also takes into consideration collateral received or other credit support arrangements when determining an internal credit rating. For credit card loans and for loans that are not assigned an internal credit rating, including U.S. residential mortgage loans extended to wealth management clients, the firm reviews certain key metrics, including, but not limited to, the Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) credit scores, loan to value ratios, delinquency status, collateral value and other risk factors.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
The table below presents gross loans by an internally determined public rating agency equivalent or other credit metrics and the concentration of secured and unsecured loans.
In the table above:
•
Substantially all residential real estate loans included in the other metrics/unrated category consists of loans extended to wealth management clients. As of both March 2025 and December 2024, substantially all of such loans had a loan-to-value ratio of less than
80
% and were performing in accordance with the contractual terms. Additionally, as of both March 2025 and December 2024, the vast majority of such loans had a FICO credit score of greater than
740
.
•
The vast majority of