Corporation, the firm guarantees the performance of its sponsored member clients to the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation in connection with certain resale and repurchase agreements. To minimize potential losses on such guarantees, the firm obtains a security interest in the collateral that the sponsored client placed with the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation. Therefore, the risk of loss on such guarantees is minimal. The maximum payout on this guarantee was $
47.44
billion as of December 2024 and $
14.60
billion as of December 2023. The related collateral held was $
46.96 billion
as of December 2024 and $
14.69 billion
as of December 2023.
Other Financial Guarantees
. In the ordinary course of business, the firm provides other financial guarantees of the obligations of third parties (e.g., standby letters of credit and other guarantees to enable clients to complete transactions and fund-related guarantees). These guarantees represent obligations to make payments to beneficiaries if the guaranteed party fails to fulfill its obligation under a contractual arrangement with that beneficiary.
Other financial guarantees also include a guarantee that the firm has provided to the Government of Malaysia that it will receive, by August 2025, at least $
1.4
billion in assets and proceeds from assets seized by governmental authorities around the world related to 1Malaysia Development Berhad, a sovereign wealth fund in Malaysia (1MDB). In connection with this guarantee, the firm agreed to make a one-time interim payment of $
250
million towards the $
1.4
billion if the Government of Malaysia did not receive at least $
500
million in assets and proceeds by August 2022. The firm does not believe that any interim payment is required. Any amounts paid by the firm would, in any event, be subject to reimbursement in the event the assets and proceeds received by the Government of Malaysia through August 18, 2028 exceed $
1.4
billion.
On October 11, 2023, the firm filed a demand for arbitration alleging that the Government of Malaysia had, as of August 2022, recovered assets and proceeds well in excess of $
500
million; it had recovered substantial additional assets and proceeds that should be credited against the guarantee; and it had not used all reasonable efforts to recover other assets and proceeds that cou
ld be credited against the guarantee. On November 8, 2023, the Government of Malaysia filed a response to the firm’s demand for arbitration and on June 10, 2024, filed an application for a partial award to immediately enforce the interim payment (plus interest). On July 24, 2024, the arbitral tribunal rejected that application. Final determinations on all remaining issues, including any subsequent enforcement of the interim payment, are to be made at a final hearing. The arbitral process is ongoing. See
Note 27 for further information about matters related to 1MDB.
Guarantees of Securities Issued by Trusts.
The firm has established trusts, including Goldman