Equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions were not material as of both December 2024 and December 2023.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Debt Instruments, at Fair Value.
Debt instruments, at fair value primarily includes mezzanine, senior and distressed debt.
The table below presents information about debt instruments, at fair value.
In the table above, money market instruments primarily consist of time deposits and other primarily includes investments in credit funds that are measured at NAV.
Investments in Funds at Net Asset Value Per Share.
Equity securities and debt instruments, at fair value include investments in funds that are measured at NAV of the investment fund. The firm uses NAV to measure the fair value of fund investments when (i) the fund investment does not have a readily determinable fair value and (ii) the NAV of the investment fund is calculated in a manner consistent with the measurement principles of investment company accounting, including measurement of the investments at fair value.
Substantially all of the firm’s investments in funds at NAV consist of investments in firm-sponsored private equity, credit, real estate and hedge funds where the firm co-invests with third-party investors.
Private equity funds primarily invest in a broad range of industries worldwide, including leveraged buyouts, recapitalizations, growth investments and distressed investments. Credit funds generally invest in loans and other fixed income instruments and are focused on providing private high-yield capital for leveraged and management buyout transactions, recapitalizations, financings, refinancings, acquisitions and restructurings for private equity firms, private family companies and corporate issuers. Real estate funds invest globally, primarily in real estate companies, loan portfolios, debt recapitalizations and property. Substantially all private equity, credit and real estate funds are closed-end funds in which the firm’s investments are generally not eligible for redemption. Distributions will be received from these funds as the underlying assets are liquidated or distributed, the timing of which is uncertain.
The firm also invests in hedge funds, primarily multi-disciplinary hedge funds that employ a fundamental bottom-up investment approach across various asset classes and strategies. The firm’s investments in hedge funds primarily include interests where the underlying assets are illiquid in nature, and proceeds from redemptions will not be received until the underlying assets are liquidated or distributed, the timing of which is uncertain.
The table below presents the fair value of investments in funds at NAV and the related unfunded commitments.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 9.
Loans
Loans includes (i) loans held for investment that are accounted for at amortized cost net of allowance for loan