technology and third-party relationships has resulted in increased operational risks, such as third-party risk, business resilience risk and cybersecurity risk. See “Cybersecurity Risk Management” for information about our cybersecurity risk management process. We manage third-party and business resilience risks as follows:
Third-Party Risk.
Third-party risk, including vendor risk, is the risk of an adverse impact due to reliance on third parties performing services or activities on our behalf. These risks may include legal, regulatory, information security, cybersecurity, reputational, operational or other risks inherent in engaging a third party. We identify, manage and report key third-party risks and conduct due diligence across multiple risk domains, including information security and cybersecurity, resilience and additional supply chain dependencies. We evaluate whether vendors design, implement, and maintain information security controls consistent with our security policies and standards. Vendors that access and process our information on their infrastructure external to our network are required to undergo an initial risk assessment, resulting in the assignment of a vendor inherent risk rating that is determined based on a number of factors, including the type of data stored and processed by a particular vendor. Subsequently, we conduct re-certifications at a depth and frequency that is commensurate with each vendor’s inherent risk rating as a component of our risk-based approach to vendor oversight. Vendors are required to agree to standard contractual provisions before receiving sensitive information from us. These provisions have specific information security control requirements, which apply to vendors that store, access, transmit or otherwise process sensitive information on our behalf. The Third-Party Risk Program monitors, reviews and reassesses third-party risks on an ongoing basis. See “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for further information about third-party risk.
Business Resilience Risk.
Business resilience risk is the risk of disruption to our critical processes. We monitor threats and assess risks and seek to ensure our state of readiness in the event of a significant operational disruption to the normal operations of our critical functions or their dependencies, such as critical facilities, systems, third parties, data and/or personnel. Our resilience framework defines the fundamental principles for BCP and crisis management to ensure that critical functions can continue to operate in the event of a disruption. We seek to maintain a business continuity program that is comprehensive, consistent on a firmwide basis, and up-to-date, incorporating new information, including resilience capabilities. Our resilience assurance program encompasses testing of response and recovery strategies on a regular basis with the objective of minimizing and preventing significant operational disruptions. See “Business —