buckets and increase the amount of financial data used in the calculation of the G-SIB surcharge based on averages over the year, as opposed to period-end values, which could increase our G-SIB surcharge.
We are also subject to laws and regulations, such as the GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act, relating to the privacy of the information of clients, employees or others, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. As new privacy-related laws and regulations are implemented, the time and resources needed for us to comply with such laws and regulations, as well as our potential liability for non-compliance and reporting obligations in the case of data breaches, may significantly increase.
In addition, our businesses are increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to surveillance, encryption and data on-shoring in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to change our policies, procedures and technology for information security, which could, among other things, make us more vulnerable to cyber attacks and misappropriation, corruption or loss of information or technology.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Our consumer-oriented deposit-taking and credit card businesses subject us to numerous additional regulations in the jurisdictions in which these businesses operate. Not only are these regulations extensive, but they involve types of regulations and supervision, as well as regulatory compliance risks, that have not historically applied to us. The level of regulatory scrutiny and the scope of regulations affecting financial interactions with consumers is often much greater than that associated with doing business with institutions and high-net-worth individuals. Complying with these regulations is time-consuming, costly and presents new and increased risks.
GS Bank USA is assessed pursuant to a strategic plan for CRA compliance purposes. Any failure to comply with CRA requirements could negatively impact GS Bank USA’s CRA ratings, cause reputational harm and result in limits on our ability to make future acquisitions or engage in certain new activities.
Increasingly, regulators and courts have sought to hold financial institutions liable for the misconduct of their clients where they have determined that the financial institution should have detected that the client was engaged in wrongdoing, even though the financial institution had no direct knowledge of the activities engaged in by its client. Regulators and courts have also increasingly found liability as a “control person” for activities of entities in which financial institutions or funds controlled by financial institutions have an investment, but which they do not actively manage. In addition, regulators and courts continue to seek to establish “fiduciary” obligations to counterparties to which no such duty had been thought to exist.