plaintiffs’ motion for class certification, and on February 14, 2024, the underwriter defendants appealed. On April 4, 2024, the Appellate Division for the First Department affirmed the trial court’s dismissal of the claims against ViacomCBS and the individual defendants, reversed the trial court’s failure to dismiss the claims against the non-trading underwriter defendants, and affirmed the trial court’s denial of the motion to dismiss claims against the trading underwriter defendants, including GS&Co. On April 3, 2025, the court preliminarily approved a settlement among the plaintiffs and the trading underwriter defendants to resolve this action. GS&Co. has paid the full amount of its proposed contribution to the settlement into an escrow account.
Group Inc. is also a defendant in putative securities class actions filed beginning in October 2021 and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaints allege that Group Inc., along with another financial institution, sold shares in Baidu Inc. (Baidu), Discovery Inc. (Discovery), GSX Techedu Inc. (Gaotu), iQIYI Inc. (iQIYI), Tencent Music Entertainment Group (Tencent), ViacomCBS, and Vipshop Holdings Ltd. (Vipshop) based on material nonpublic information regarding the liquidation of Archegos’ position in Baidu, Discovery, Gaotu, iQIYI, Tencent, ViacomCBS and Vipshop, respectively. The complaints generally assert violations of Sections 10(b), 20A and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and seek unspecified damages. In May 2023, the plaintiffs in the class actions filed second amended complaints, and on March 28, 2024, the court granted the defendants’ motion to dismiss the second amended complaints with prejudice. On April 26, 2024, the plaintiffs appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Silicon Valley Bank Matters
GS&Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on April 7, 2023 and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California and an individual action filed on January 25, 2024 in the same court relating to SVB Financial Group’s (SVBFG) January 2021 public offerings of $
500
million principal amount of senior notes and $
750
million of depositary shares representing interests in preferred stock, March 2021 public offering of approximately $
1.2
billion of common stock, May 2021 public offerings of $
1.0
billion of depositary shares representing interests in preferred stock and $
500
million principal amount of senior notes, August 2021 public offering of approximately $
1.3
billion of common stock, and April 2022 public offering of $
800
million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, among other public offerings of securities. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include certain of SVBFG’s officers and directors and its auditor. GS&Co. underwrote an