10‑K for information about our SCB requirement.
The SCB rule requires a BHC to receive the FRB’s approval for any dividend, stock repurchase or other capital distribution, other than a capital distribution on a newly issued capital instrument, if the BHC is required to resubmit its capital plan, which may occur if the BHC determines there has been or will be a “material change” in its risk profile, financial condition or corporate structure since the plan was last submitted, or if the FRB directs the BHC to revise and resubmit its capital plan.
U.S. depository institutions with total consolidated assets of $250 billion or more that are subsidiaries of U.S. G-SIBs, such as GS Bank USA, are required to submit annual company-run stress test results to the FRB. GSBE also has its own capital and stress testing process, which incorporates internally designed stress tests and those required under German regulatory requirements and the ECB Guide to Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP). In addition, GSI and GSIB have their own capital planning and stress testing processes, which incorporate internally designed stress tests developed in accordance with the PRA’s ICAAP guidelines.
Limitations on the Payment of Dividends.
U.S. federal and state laws impose limitations on the payment of dividends by U.S. depository institutions, such as GS Bank USA. In general, the amount of dividends that may be paid by GS Bank USA is limited to the lesser of the amounts calculated under a recent earnings test and an undivided profits test. Under the recent earnings test, a dividend may not be paid if the total of all dividends declared by the entity in any calendar year is in excess of the current year’s net income combined with the retained net income of the two preceding years, unless the entity obtains regulatory approval. Under the undivided profits test, a dividend may not be paid in excess of the entity’s undivided profits (generally, accumulated net profits that have not been paid out as dividends or transferred to surplus), unless the entity receives regulatory and stockholder approval.
The applicable U.S. banking regulators have authority to prohibit or limit the payment of dividends if, in the banking regulator’s opinion, payment of a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the banking organization.
Source of Strength.
The Dodd-Frank Act requires BHCs to act as a source of strength to their U.S. bank subsidiaries and to commit capital and financial resources to support those subsidiaries. This support may be required by the FRB at times when BHCs might otherwise determine not to provide it. Capital loans by a BHC to a U.S. subsidiary bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of the subsidiary bank. In addition, if a BHC commits to a U.S. federal bank regulatory agency that it will maintain the capital of its bank subsidiary, whether in response to