jurisdictions outside the U.S., including in the E.U. and Japan. Under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR), for example, the E.U. and the U.K. have established regulatory requirements relating to portfolio reconciliation and reporting, clearing certain OTC derivatives and margining for uncleared derivatives activities. In addition, under the European Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and Regulation, transactions in certain types of derivatives are required to be executed on regulated platforms or exchanges.
The CFTC has adopted rules that limit the size of positions in physical commodity derivatives that can be held by any entity, or any group of affiliates or other parties trading under common ownership or control. The CFTC position limits apply to futures on physical commodities and options on such futures, apply to both physically and cash settled positions and to swaps that are economically equivalent to such futures and options. The position limit rules initially impose limits in the spot month only (i.e., during the delivery period for the physical commodities, which is typically a period of several days).
J. Aron is authorized by the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) to sell wholesale physical power at market-based rates. As a FERC-authorized power marketer, J. Aron is subject to regulation under the U.S. Federal Power Act and FERC regulations and to the oversight of FERC. As a result of our investing activities, Group Inc. is also an “exempt holding company” under the U.S. Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005 and applicable FERC rules.
In addition, as a result of our power-related and commodities activities, we are subject to energy, environmental and other governmental laws and regulations, as described in “Risk Factors — Legal and Regulatory — Our commodities activities, particularly our physical commodities activities, subject us to extensive regulation and involve certain potential risks, including environmental, reputational and other risks that may expose us to significant liabilities and costs” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K.
GS&Co. is registered with the CFTC as a futures commission merchant, and several of our subsidiaries, including GS&Co., are registered with the CFTC and act as commodity pool operators and commodity trading advisors. GSFM is registered with the SEC as an OTC derivatives dealer.
Asset Management and Wealth Management Regulation
Our asset management and wealth management businesses are subject to extensive oversight by regulators around the world relating to, among other things, the fair treatment of clients, safeguarding of client assets, offerings of funds, marketing activities, transactions among affiliates and our management of client funds.
The federal securities laws impose fiduciary duties on investment advisers, including GS&Co., Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. and our other U.S. registered investment adviser subsidiaries, and SEC rules prescribe