scenarios and firm-specific assumptions. The FRB determines the stress capital buffer (SCB) applicable to us based on its own annual stress test. The SCB under the Standardized approach is calculated as (i) the difference between our starting and minimum projected CET1 capital ratios under the supe
rvisory severely adverse scenario and (ii) our planned common stock dividends for each of the fourth through seventh quarters of the planning horizon, expressed as a percentage of RWAs.
Based on our 2024 CCAR submission, the FRB increased our SCB from 5.5% to 6.2%, resulting in a Standardized CET1 capital ratio requirement of 13.7% for the period from October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025. See “Share Repurchase Program” for further information about common stock repurchases and dividends and “Consolidated Regulatory Capital” for further information about the global systemically important bank (G-SIB) surcharge. We submitted our 2025 CCAR capital plan to the FRB in April 2025 and expect to publish a summary of our annual DFAST results in June 2025. See “Available Information.”
GS Bank USA is required to conduct stress tests on an annual basis and publish a summary of certain results. GS Bank USA submitted its 2025 DFAST capital plan to the FRB in April 2025 and expects to publish a summary of its annual DFAST results in June 2025. See “
Available Information.”
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Goldman Sachs International (GSI), GSIB and GSB
E also have their own capital planning and stress testing processes, which incorporate internally designed stress tests developed in accordance with the guidelines of their respective regulators.
Contingency Capital Plan.
As part of our comprehensive capital management policy, we maintain a contingency capital plan. Our contingency capital plan provides a framework for analyzing and responding to a perceived or actual capital deficiency, including, but not limited to, identification of drivers of a capital deficiency, as well as mitigants and potential actions. It outlines the appropriate communication procedures to follow during a crisis period, including internal dissemination of information, as well as timely communication with external stakeholders.
Capital Attribution.
We assess the capital usage of each of our businesses based on our attributed equity framework. This framework considers many factors, including our internal assessment of risks as well as the regulatory capital requirements related to our business activities.
We review and make any necessary adjustments to our attributed equity in January each year, to reflect, among other things, our most recent stress test results and changes to our regulatory capital requirements. On January 1, 2025, our allocation of attributed equity changed (relative to the allocation as of December 2024) as follows: attributed equity increased by approximately $0.4 billion for Global Banking & Markets, while attributed