entering the business.
In recent years, we have invested, and may continue to invest, more in businesses that we expect will generate a higher level of more consistent revenues. Such investments and acquisitions may not be successful or have returns similar to our other businesses.
We may not be able to fully realize the expected benefits or synergies from acquisitions or other business initiatives in the time frames we expect, or at all.
We have engaged in selective acquisitions and may continue to do so in the future and these acquisitions may, individually or in the aggregate, be material to us. Any future acquisitions could involve the issuance of common stock and/or the payment of cash as consideration. The success of our acquisitions will depend, in part, on our ability to integrate the acquired businesses and realize anticipated synergies, cost savings and growth opportunities. For example, in 2024, we sold GreenSky Holdings, LLC, which we had previously acquired, and in connection with the disposition we incurred a write-down of intangible assets and goodwill. Also in 2024, we entered into an agreement to transition the GM credit card program to another issuer and have incurred a write-down of intangible assets in connection with that transaction. In any future acquisitions, we may face numerous risks and uncertainties in combining and integrating the relevant businesses and systems, including the need to combine or separate accounting and data processing systems and management controls and to integrate relationships with clients, counterparties, regulators and others in connection with acquisitions. Integration of acquired businesses is time-consuming and could disrupt our ongoing businesses, produce unforeseen regulatory or operating difficulties, cause us to incur incremental expenses or require incremental financial, management and other resources. It is also possible that an acquisition, once announced, may not close due to the failure to satisfy applicable closing conditions, such as the receipt of necessary shareholder or regulatory approvals.
There is no assurance that any of our acquisitions will be successfully integrated or yield all of the expected benefits and synergies in the time frames that we expect, or at all. If we are not able to integrate our acquisitions successfully, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
There are no material unresolved written comments that were received from the SEC staff 180 days or more before the end of our fiscal year relating to our periodic or current reports under the Exchange Act.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management — Cybersecurity Risk Management” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for further information about cybersecurity.
Item 2.  Properties
In the U.S.