commitments, changes in fair value are also attributable to changes in interest rates.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Note 11.
Collateralized Agreements and Financings
Collateralized agreements are resale agreements and securities borrowed. Collateralized financings are repurchase agreements, securities loaned and other secured financings. The firm enters into these transactions in order to, among other things, facilitate client activities, invest excess cash, acquire securities to cover short positions and finance certain firm activities.
Collateralized agreements and financings with the same settlement date are presented on a net-by-counterparty basis when such transactions meet certain settlement criteria and are subject to netting agreements. Interest on collateralized agreements, which is included in interest income, and collateralized financings, which is included in interest expense, is recognized over the life of the transaction. See Note 23 for further information about interest income and interest expense.
Resale and Repurchase Agreements
A resale agreement is a transaction in which the firm purchases financial instruments from a seller, typically in exchange for cash, and simultaneously enters into an agreement to resell the same or substantially the same financial instruments to the seller at a stated price plus accrued interest at a future date.
A repurchase agreement is a transaction in which the firm sells financial instruments to a buyer, typically in exchange for cash, and simultaneously enters into an agreement to repurchase the same or substantially the same financial instruments from the buyer at a stated price plus accrued interest at a future date.
Even though repurchase and resale agreements (including “repos- and reverses-to-maturity”) involve the legal transfer of ownership of financial instruments, they are accounted for as financing arrangements because they require the financial instruments to be repurchased or resold before or at the maturity of the agreement. The financial instruments purchased or sold in resale and repurchase agreements typically include U.S. government and agency obligations, and investment-grade sovereign obligations.
The firm receives financial instruments purchased under resale agreements and makes delivery of financial instruments sold under repurchase agreements. To mitigate credit exposure, the firm monitors the market value of these financial instruments on a daily basis, and delivers or obtains additional collateral due to changes in the market value of the financial instruments, as appropriate. For resale agreements, the firm typically requires collateral with a fair value approximately equal to the carrying value of the relevant assets in the consolidated balance sheets.
Repurchase agreements and substantially all resale agreements are recorded at fair value under the fair value option. See Note 5 for further