average) as it related to a single position. Therefore, such unobservable inputs are not included in the table above.
Level 3 Rollforward.
The table below presents a summary of the changes in fair value for level 3 trading cash instruments.
In the table above:
•
Changes in fair value are presented for all trading cash instruments that are classified in level 3 as of the end of the period.
•
Net unrealized gains/(losses) relates to trading cash instruments that were still held at period-end.
•
Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are reported at the beginning of the reporting period in which they occur. If a trading cash instrument was transferred to level 3 during a reporting period, its entire gain or loss for the period is classified in level 3.
•
For level 3 trading cash instrument assets, increases are shown as positive amounts, while decreases are shown as negative amounts. For level 3 trading cash instrument liabilities, increases are shown as negative amounts, while decreases are shown as positive amounts.
•
Level 3 trading cash instruments are frequently economically hedged with level 1 and level 2 trading cash instruments and/or level 1, level 2 or level 3 derivatives. Accordingly, gains or losses that are classified in level 3 can be partially offset by gains or losses attributable to level 1 or level 2 trading cash instruments and/or level 1, level 2 or level 3 derivatives. As a result, gains or losses included in the level 3 rollforward below do not necessarily represent the overall impact on the firm’s results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The table below presents information, by product type, for assets included in the summary table above.
In the table above, other includes government and agency obligations, other debt obligations, equity securities and commodities.
Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Year Ended December 2024
. The net realized and unrealized gains on level 3 trading cash instrument assets of $
168
million (reflecting $
161
million of net realized gains and $
7
million of net unrealized gains) for 2024 included gains of $
100
million reported in market making and $
68
million reported in
interest income
.
The drivers of net unrealized gains on level 3 trading cash instrument assets for 2024 were not material.
Transfers into level 3 trading cash instrument assets during 2024 primarily reflected transfers of certain corporate debt instruments and certain other debt obligations (included in other cash instruments) from level 2 (in each case, principally due to reduced price transparency as a result of a lack of market evidence, including fewer market transactions in these instruments).
Transfers out of level 3 trading cash instrument assets during 2024 primarily reflected transfers of certain corporate debt instruments to level 2 (principally due to increased price transparency as a result of