information about portfolio hedging and restructuring and asset allocation transactions for our clients. We also work with our clients to create specially tailored instruments to enable sophisticated investors to establish or liquidate investment positions or undertake hedging strategies. We are one of the leading participants in the trading and development of equity derivative instruments.
Our exchange-based market-making activities include making markets in stocks and ETFs, futures and options on major exchanges worldwide.
In addition, we generate commissions and fees from executing and clearing institutional client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide, as well as OTC transactions. We provide our clients with access to a broad spectrum of equity execution services, including electronic “low-touch” access and more complex “high-touch” execution through both traditional and electronic platforms.
•
Equities financing.
Includes prime financing, which provides financing to our clients for their securities trading activities through margin loans that are generally collateralized by securities or cash. Prime financing also includes services which involve lending securities to cover institutional clients’ short sales and borrowing securities to cover our short sales and to make deliveries into the market. We are also an active participant in broker-to-broker securities lending and third-party agency lending activities. In addition, we execute swap transactions to provide our clients with exposure to securities and indices. Financing activities also include portfolio financing, which clients can utilize to manage their investment portfolios, and other equity financing activities, including securities-based loans to individuals.
Other.
We lend to corporate clients, including through relationship lending and acquisition financing. The hedges related to this lending and financing activity are also reported as part of Other. Other also includes equity and debt investing activities related to our Global Banking & Markets activities.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Asset & Wealth Management
Asset & Wealth Management provides investment services to help clients preserve and grow their financial assets and achieve their financial goals. We provide these services to our clients, both institutional and individuals, including investors who primarily access our products through a network of third-party distributors around the world.
We manage client assets across a broad range of investment strategies and asset classes, including equity, fixed income and alternative investments. Alternative investments primarily includes hedge funds, credit funds, private equity, real estate, currencies, commodities and asset allocation strategies. Our investment offerings include those managed on a fiduciary basis by our portfolio managers, as well as those managed by third-party managers. We offer our investment solutions in a