U.S. banking organizations to maintain available stable funding (ASF) above their required stable funding (RSF) over a one-year time horizon. Total ASF excludes ASF held by subsidiaries that is in excess of their minimum requirement and is subject to transfer restrictions. We are required to maintain a minimum NSFR of 100%. We expect that fluctuations in client activity, business mix and the market environment will impact our NSFR.
The table below presents information about our average daily NSFR.
In the table above, our average quarterly NSFR represents the average of our daily NSFRs during the quarter.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The following provides information about our subsidiary liquidity regulatory requirements:
•
GS Bank USA.
GS Bank USA is subject to a minimum LCR of 100% under the LCR rule approved by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies. As of March 2025, GS Bank USA’s LCR exceeded the minimum requirement. The NSFR requirement described above also applies to GS Bank USA. As of March 2025, GS Bank USA’s NSFR exceeded the minimum requirement.
•
GSI and GSIB.
GSI and GSIB are subject to a minimum LCR of 100% under the LCR rule approved by the U.K. regulatory authorities. GSI’s and GSIB’s average monthly LCR for the trailing twelve-month period ended March 2025 exceeded the minimum requirement. GSI and GSIB are subject to the applicable NSFR requirement in the U.K. As of March 2025, both GSI’s and GSIB’s NSFR exceeded the minimum requirement.
•
GSBE.
GSBE is subject to a minimum LCR of 100% under the LCR rule approved by the European Parliament and Council. GSBE’s average monthly LCR for the trailing twelve-month period ended March 2025 exceeded the minimum requirement. GSBE is subject to the applicable NSFR requirement in the E.U. As of March 2025, GSBE’s NSFR exceeded the minimum requirement.
•
Other Subsidiaries.
We monitor local regulatory liquidity requirements of our subsidiaries to ensure compliance. For many of our subsidiaries, these requirements either have changed or are likely to change in the future due to the implementation of the Basel Committee’s framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring, as well as other regulatory developments.
The implementation of these rules and any amendments adopted by the regulatory authorities could impact our liquidity and funding requirements and practices in the future.
Credit Ratings
We rely on the short- and long-term debt capital markets to fund a significant portion of our day-to-day operations, and the cost and availability of debt financing is influenced by our credit ratings. Credit ratings are also important when we are competing in certain markets, such as OTC derivatives, and when we seek to engage in longer-term transactions. See “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of the 2024 Form 10-K for information about the risks associated with a reduction in our credit ratings.
The table below presents the