for a share-based award is generally measured based on the grant-date fair value of the award. Share-based awards that do not require future service (i.e., vested awards, including awards granted to retirement-eligible employees) are expensed immediately. Share-based awards that require future service are amortized over the relevant service period. Forfeitures are recorded when they occur.
Cash dividend equivalents paid on restricted stock units (RSUs) are generally charged to retained earnings. If RSUs that require future service are forfeited, the related dividend equivalents originally charged to retained earnings are reclassified to compensation expense in the period in which forfeiture occurs.
The firm generally issues new shares of common stock upon delivery of share-based awards. In limited cases, as outlined in the applicable award agreements, the firm may cash settle share-based awards accounted for as equity instruments. For these awards, additional paid-in capital is adjusted to the extent of the difference between the value of the award at the time of cash settlement and the grant-date value of the award. The tax effect related to the settlement of share-based awards and payments of dividend equivalents is recorded in income tax benefit or expense.
Foreign Currency Translation
Assets and liabilities denominated in non-U.S. currencies are translated at rates of exchange prevailing on the date of the consolidated balance sheets and revenues and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange for the period. Foreign currency remeasurement gains or losses on transactions in nonfunctional currencies are recognized in earnings. Gains or losses on translation of the financial statements of a non-U.S. operation, when the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar, are included, net of hedges and taxes, in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Recent Accounting Developments
Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions (ASC 820).
In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-03, “Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions.” This ASU clarifies that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security should not be considered in measuring its fair value. In addition, the ASU requires specific disclosures related to equity securities that are subject to contractual sale restrictions. This ASU became effective for the firm in January 2024 under a prospective approach. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on the firm’s consolidated financial statements.
Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures Using the Proportional Amortization Method (ASC 323).
In March 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-02, “Investments — Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323) — Accounting for Investments in Tax Credit Structures Using