capital we hold and (iii) our funding profile, among other factors. See “Capital Management and Regulatory Capital — Capital Management” for information about our capital management process.
Although our balance sheet fluctuates on a day-to-day basis, our total assets at quarter-end are generally not materially different from those occurring within our reporting periods.
In order to ensure appropriate risk management, we seek to maintain a sufficiently liquid balance sheet and have processes in place to dynamically manage our assets and liabilities, which include (i) balance sheet planning, (ii) setting balance sheet targets, (iii) monitoring of key metrics and (iv) scenario analyses.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Balance Sheet Planning.
We prepare a balance sheet plan that combines our projected total assets and composition of assets with our expected funding sources over a three-year time horizon. This plan is reviewed quarterly and may be adjusted in response to changing business needs or market conditions. The objectives of this planning process are:
•
To develop our balance sheet projections, taking into account the general state of the financial markets and expected business activity levels, as well as regulatory requirements;
•
To allow Corporate Treasury to evaluate balance sheet targets of our revenue-producing units and requests to change such targets in the context of our overall balance sheet constraints, including our liability profile and capital levels, and key metrics; and
•
To inform the target amount, tenor and type of funding to raise, based on our projected assets and contractual maturities.
Corporate Treasury and Risk, along with our revenue-producing units, review current and prior period information and expectations for the year to prepare our balance sheet plan. The specific information reviewed includes asset and liability size and composition, target utilization, risk and performance measures, and capital usage.
Our consolidated balance sheet plan, including our balance sheets by business, funding projections and projected key metrics, is reviewed and approved by the Firmwide Asset Liability Committee. See “Risk Management — Overview and Structure of Risk Management” for an overview of our risk management structure.
Setting Balance Sheet Targets.
We set balance sheet targets with the aim of ensuring that our consolidated balance sheet, as well as the balance sheets for our businesses remain within our risk appetite. The Firmwide Asset Liability Committee has the responsibility to review and approve balance sheet targets at least quarterly. Our balance sheet targets are set at levels which are close to actual operating levels, rather than at levels which reflect our maximum risk appetite, in order to ensure prompt escalation and discussion among our revenue-producing units, Corporate Treasury and Risk. Requests for changes in targets are evaluated after giving