our behalf. The Third-Party Risk Program monitors, reviews and reassesses third-party risks on an ongoing basis. See “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of the 2024 Form 10-K for further information about third-party risk.
Business Resilience Risk.
Business resilience risk is the risk of disruption to our critical processes. We monitor threats and assess risks and seek to ensure our state of readiness in the event of a significant operational disruption to the normal operations of our critical functions or their dependencies, such as critical facilities, systems, third parties, data and/or personnel. Our resilience framework defines the fundamental principles for business continuity planning (BCP) and crisis management to ensure that critical functions can continue to operate in the event of a disruption. We seek to maintain a business continuity program that is comprehensive, consistent on a firmwide basis, and up-to-date, incorporating new information, including resilience capabilities. Our resilience assurance program encompasses testing of response and recovery strategies on a regular basis with the objective of minimizing and preventing significant operational disruptions. See “Business — Business Continuity and Information Security” in Part I, Item 1 of the 2024 Form 10-K for further information about business continuity.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Cybersecurity Risk Management
Overview
Cybersecurity risk is the risk of compromising the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our data and systems, leading to an adverse impact to us, our reputation, our clients and/or the broader financial system. We seek to minimize the occurrence and impact of unauthorized access, disruption or use of information and/or information systems. We deploy and operate preventive and detective controls and processes to mitigate emerging and evolving information security and cybersecurity threats, including monitoring our network for known vulnerabilities and signs of unauthorized attempts to access our data and systems. There is increased information risk through diversification of our data across external service providers, including use of a variety of cloud-provided or -hosted services and applications. In addition, new AI technologies may increase the frequency and severity of cybersecurity attacks. See “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of the 2024 Form 10-K for further information about information and cybersecurity risk.
Cybersecurity Risk Management Process
Our cybersecurity risk management processes are integrated into our overall risk management processes described in the “Overview and Structure of Risk Management.” We have established an Information Security and Cybersecurity Program (the Cybersecurity Program), administered by Technology Risk within Engineering, and overseen by our CISO. This program is designed to identify, assess, document and mitigate threats, govern, establish and