external counsel and Compliance to evaluate and address any actual or potential conflicts. The head of Conflicts Resolution reports to our chief legal officer, who reports to our chief executive officer.
We regularly assess our policies and procedures that address conflicts of interest in an effort to conduct our business in accordance with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
Reputational Risk Management
Reputational risk is the potential risk that negative publicity regarding our business practices, whether true or not, will cause a decline in our customer base, costly litigation or revenue reductions. Our reputation is critical to effectively serving our clients and fostering and maintaining long-term client relationships, and it is integral to how we are viewed by our key stakeholders.
In evaluating business opportunities, reputational risk is one of the most significant components we consider. We evaluate the ethics, suitability and transparency of transactions undertaken by us. Our employees are responsible for considering the reputational impacts that our business activities may have.
We have implemented a comprehensive program designed to monitor reputational risk. The Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee, which reports into the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee, is responsible for assessing reputational risks arising from business opportunities that have been identified as having potential heightened reputational risk. This committee is also responsible for overseeing client-related business standards and addressing client-related reputational risk and considers, among other things, the potential effects any business opportunities, products, transactions, new activities, acquisitions, dispositions or investments could have on our reputation.
For further information about our risk management processes, see “Overview and Structure of Risk Management” and “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of the 2024 Form 10-K.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Available Information
Our internet address is
www.goldmansachs.com
and the investor relations section of our website is located at
www.goldmansachs.com/investor-relations
, where we make available, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as well as proxy statements, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Also posted on our website, and available in print upon request of any shareholder to our Investor Relations Department (Investor Relations), are our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, charters for our Audit, Risk, Compensation, Corporate Governance and Nominating, and Public Responsibilities Committees, our Policy Regarding Director