aggregate of
831,250
depositary shares representing an aggregate offering price of approximately $
831
million, an aggregate of
3,266,108
shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately $
1.8
billion and senior notes representing an aggregate price to the public of approximately $
727
million. The complaints generally assert claims under the federal securities laws and allege that the offering documents contained material misstatements and omissions. The complaints seek compensatory damages in unspecified amounts. On March 17, 2023, SVBFG filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. On January 16, 2024, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint in the putative class action, and on April 3, 2024, the defendants moved to dismiss the consolidated amended complaint.
The firm is also cooperating with and providing information to various governmental bodies in connection with their investigations and inquiries regarding SVBFG and its affiliates (collectively SVB), including the firm’s business with SVB in or around March 2023, when SVB engaged the firm to assist with a proposed capital raise and SVB sold the firm a portfolio of securities.
Underwriting Litigation
Firm affiliates are among the defendants in a number of proceedings in connection with securities offerings. In these proceedings, including those described below, the plaintiffs assert class action or individual claims under federal and state securities laws and, in some cases, other applicable laws, allege that the offering documents for the securities that they purchased contained material misstatements and omissions, and generally seek compensatory and rescissory damages in unspecified amounts, as well as rescission. Certain of these proceedings involve additional allegations.
Array Technologies, Inc.
GS&Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on May 14, 2021 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York relating to Array Technologies, Inc.’s (Array) $
1.2
billion October 2020 initial public offering of common stock, $
1.3
billion December 2020 offering of common stock and $
993
million March 2021 offering of common stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include Array and certain of its officers and directors. GS&Co. underwrote an aggregate of
31,912,213
shares of common stock in the three offerings representing an aggregate offering price of approximately $
877
million. On December 7, 2021, the plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated complaint, and on May 19, 2023, the court granted the defendants’ motion to dismiss the amended consolidated complaint. On July 5, 2023, the court denied the plaintiffs’ request for leave to amend the amended consolidated complaint and dismissed the case with prejudice. On August 4, 2023, plaintiffs appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
THE GOLDMAN