worldwide initial public offerings for many years.
Debt underwriting.
We originate and underwrite various types of debt instruments, including investment-grade and high-yield debt, bank and bridge loans, including in connection with acquisition financing, and emerging- and growth-market debt, which may be issued by, among others, corporate, sovereign, municipal and agency issuers. In addition, we underwrite and originate structured securities, which include mortgage-related securities and other asset-backed securities.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
FICC.
FICC generates revenues from intermediation and financing activities.
•
FICC intermediation.
Includes client execution activities related to making markets in both cash and derivative instruments, as detailed below.
Interest Rate Products.
Government bonds (including inflation-linked securities) across maturities, other government-backed securities, and interest rate swaps, options and other derivatives.
Credit Products.
Investment-grade and high-yield corporate securities, credit derivatives, exchange-traded funds (ETFs), bank and bridge loans, municipal securities, distressed debt and trade claims.
Mortgages.
Commercial mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives, residential mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives (including U.S. government agency-issued collateralized mortgage obligations and other securities and loans), and other asset-backed securities, loans and derivatives.
Currencies.
Currency options, spot/forwards and other derivatives on G-10 currencies and emerging-market products.
Commodities.
Commodity derivatives and, to a lesser extent, physical commodities, involving crude oil and petroleum products, natural gas, agricultural, base, precious and other metals, electricity, including renewable power, environmental products and other commodity products.
•
FICC financing.
Includes (i) secured lending to our clients through structured credit and asset-backed lending, including warehouse loans backed by mortgages (including residential and commercial mortgage loans), corporate loans and consumer loans (including auto loans and private student loans), (ii) financing through securities purchased under agreements to resell (resale agreements) and (iii) commodity financing to clients through structured transactions.
Equities.
Equities generates revenues from intermediation and financing activities.
•
Equities intermediation.
We make
markets in equity securities and equity-related products, including ETFs, convertible securities, options, futures and over-the-counter (OTC) derivative instruments. As a principal, we facilitate client transactions by providing liquidity to our clients, including by transacting in large blocks of stocks or derivatives, requiring the commitment of our capital.
We also structure and make markets in derivatives on indices, industry sectors, financial measures and individual company stocks. We develop strategies and provide