considered our second line of defense and provide independent assessment, oversight and challenge of the risks taken by our first line of defense, as well as lead and participate in firmwide risk committees.
Internal Audit is considered our third line of defense, and our director of Internal Audit reports to the Audit Committee of the Board and administratively to our chief executive officer. Internal Audit includes professionals with a broad range of audit and industry experience, including risk management expertise. Internal Audit is responsible for independently assessing and validating the effectiveness of key controls, including those within the risk management framework, and providing timely reporting to the Audit Committee of the Board, senior management and regulators.
The three lines of defense structure promotes the accountability of first line risk takers, provides a framework for effective challenge by the second line and empowers independent review from the third line.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Processes.
We maintain various processes that are critical components of our risk management framework, including (i) risk identification and assessment, (ii) risk appetite, limits, thresholds and alerts, (iii) control monitoring and testing, and (iv) risk reporting.
•
Risk Identification and Assessment.
We believe the identification and assessment of our risks is a critical step in providing our Board and senior management transparency and insight into the range and materiality of our risks. We have a comprehensive data collection process, including firmwide policies and procedures that require all employees to report and escalate risk events. Our approach for risk identification and assessment is comprehensive across all risk types, is dynamic and forward-looking to reflect and adapt to our changing risk profile and business environment, leverages subject matter expertise, and allows for prioritization of our most critical risks. We perform risk assessments periodically with the aim of ensuring that our material financial and nonfinancial risks are mitigated through controls to an acceptable tolerance level in accordance with our risk appetite. Our risk assessments include, among other things, the use of stress testing as well as an assessment of our internal control processes designed to mitigate such risks.
Firmwide stress testing is an important part of our risk management process. It allows us to quantify our exposure to tail risks, highlight potential loss concentrations, undertake risk/reward analysis, and assess and mitigate our risk positions. Firmwide stress tests are performed on a regular basis and are designed to ensure a comprehensive analysis of our vulnerabilities and idiosyncratic risks combining financial and nonfinancial risks, including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity and funding, operational and compliance, strategic, systemic and emerging risks into