other factors.
The table below presents our credit exposure from corporate loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by industry, region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics.
Commercial Real Estate.
Commercial real estate includes originated loans and lending commitments that are directly or indirectly secured by hotels, retail stores, multifamily housing complexes and commercial and industrial properties. Commercial real estate also includes loans and lending commitments extended to clients who warehouse assets that are directly or indirectly backed by commercial real estate. In addition, commercial real estate includes loans purchased by us.
The table below presents our credit exposure from commercial real estate loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics.
In the table above, the concentration of loans and lending commitments by asset class as of
March 2025
was 53% for warehouse and other indirect, 10% for multifamily, 6% for industrials, 5% for hospitality, 5% for office, 3% for mixed use and 18% for other asset classes. The concentration of loans and lending commitments by asset class as of
December 2024
was
50%
for warehouse and other indirect,
11%
for multifamily,
7%
for industrials,
5%
for hospitality,
4%
for office,
3%
for mixed use and
20%
for other asset classes.
In addition, we also have credit exposure to commercial real estate loans held for securitization of $441 million as of March 2025 and $568 million as of December 2024. Such loans are included in trading assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Residential Real Estate.
Residential real estate loans and lending commitments are primarily extended to wealth management clients and to clients who warehouse assets that are directly or indirectly secured by residential real estate. In addition, residential real estate includes loans purchased by us.
The table below presents our credit exposure from residential real estate loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics.
In the table above:
•
Credit exposure included loans and lending commitments of $16.35 billion as of March 2025 and $14.35 billion as of December 2024 which are extended to clients who warehouse assets that are directly or indirectly secured by residential real estate.
•
Substantially all residential real estate loans included in the other metrics category consists of loans extended to wealth management clients. As of both March 2025 and December 2024, substantially all of such loans had a loan-to-value ratio of less than 80% and were performing in accordance with the contractual terms. Additionally, as of both March 2025 and December 2024, the vast majority of such loans had a FICO