For leases where the firm has the option to terminate or extend the lease, an assessment of the likelihood of exercising the option is incorporated into the determination of the lease term. Such assessment is initially performed at the inception of the lease and is updated if events occur that impact the original assessment.
An operating lease right-of-use asset is initially determined based on the operating lease liability, adjusted for initial direct costs, lease incentives and amounts paid at or prior to lease commencement. This amount is then amortized over the lease term.
Right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities recognized (in non-cash transactions for leases entered into or assumed) by the firm were not material for both the three months ended March 2025 and March 2024. See Note 15 for information about operating lease liabilities.
For leases where the firm will derive no economic benefit from leased space that it has vacated or where the firm has shortened the term of a lease when space is no longer needed, the firm will record an impairment or accelerated amortization of right-of-use assets.
There were no material impairments or accelerated amortizations during either the three months ended March 2025 or March 2024.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Miscellaneous Receivables and Other
Miscellaneous receivables and other included:
•
Investments in qualified affordable housing and renewable energy projects of $
3.42
billion as of March 2025 and $
3.46
billion as of December 2024. The firm receives tax credits for such investments. See Note 17 for further information about these investments.
•
Assets classified as held for sale were $
293
million as of March 2025 and $
517
million as of December 2024. See below for further information.
Assets Held for Sale.
Assets held for sale included $
293
million as of March 2025 and $
517
million as of December 2024 of assets that were primarily related to certain of the firm’s consolidated investments within Asset & Wealth Management. Substantially all of these assets consisted of property and equipment and were included in miscellaneous receivables and other within other assets.
During 2024, in connection with the planned transition of the GM credit card program to another issuer, the firm classified the GM credit card program (within Platform Solutions) as held for sale. The firm had previously classified the GM co-branded credit card loans as held for sale in 2023. The assets related to the GM credit card program consisted of the GM co-branded credit card portfolio (included in loans) of $
1.7
billion as of March 2025 and $
1.8
billion as of December 2024. See Note 9 for further information about loans classified as held for sale.
Note 13.
Deposits
The table below presents information about deposits.
In the table above:
•
Deposits include savings, demand and time deposits.
•
All U.S. deposits were held at Goldman Sachs