revenues in Equities. The decrease in net revenues in Asset & Wealth Management reflected significantly lower net revenues in Equity investments and Debt investments, partially offset by higher Management and other fees. Net revenues in Platform Solutions were slightly lower.
Provision for credit losses was $287 million for the first quarter of 2025, compared with $318 million for the first quarter of 2024. Provisions for the first quarter of 2025 primarily reflected net provisions related to the credit card portfolio. Provisions for the first quarter of 2024 reflected net provisions related to both the credit card portfolio (driven by net charge-offs) and wholesale loans (driven by impairments).
Operating expenses were $9.13 billion for the first quarter of 2025, 5% higher than the first quarter of 2024, primarily reflecting significantly higher transaction based expenses and higher compensation and benefits expenses (reflecting improved operating performance), partially offset by significantly lower consolidated investment entities (CIEs) expenses, including impairments, and a decrease from the FDIC special assessment fee recognized in the first quarter of 2024. Our efficiency ratio (total operating expenses divided by total net revenues) was 60.6% for the first quarter of 2025, compared with 60.9% for the first quarter of 2024.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
During the first quarter of 2025, we returned a total of $5.34 billion of capital to common shareholders, including $4.36 billion of common share repurchases and $976 million of common stock dividends. As of March 2025, our Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio was 14.8% under the Standardized Capital Rules and 15.5% under the Advanced Capital Rules. See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our capital ratios.
Business Environment
During the first quarter of 2025, global economic activity continued to be impacted by inflation and ongoing geopolitical concerns. Additionally, the uncertainty resulting from changes in international trade policies (including the potential for new or increased tariffs) created market volatility. While the economy in the U.S. remained resilient, concerns about the prospect of a recession in the future increased. In addition, markets have been focused on the timing and amount of policy interest rate cuts by central banks globally. Uncertainty and concerns about geopolitical risks, global central bank policies, inflation and trade policies, including tariffs, escalated over the course of the first quarter.
In April 2025, developments relating to tariffs intensified concerns over the global macroeconomic environment. Volatility across financial markets rose and the prospect of a U.S. recession increased further. Uncertainty around the path forward and concerns over the potentially escalating effects of a trade war have created risks for the U.S. and global economies.