controls to an acceptable tolerance level in accordance with our risk appetite. Our risk assessments include, among other things, the use of stress testing as well as an assessment of our internal control processes designed to mitigate such risks.
Firmwide stress testing is an important part of our risk management process. It allows us to quantify our exposure to tail risks, highlight potential loss concentrations, undertake risk/reward analysis, and assess and mitigate our risk positions. Firmwide stress tests are performed on a regular basis and are designed to ensure a comprehensive analysis of our vulnerabilities and idiosyncratic risks combining financial and nonfinancial risks, including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity and funding, operational and compliance, strategic, systemic and emerging risks into our stress scenarios. We also perform ad hoc stress tests in anticipation of market events or conditions. Stress tests are also used to assess capital adequacy as part of our capital planning and stress testing process. See “Capital Management and Regulatory Capital — Capital Management” for further information.
We maintain a daily discipline of marking substantially all of our inventory to current market levels. We carry our inventory at fair value, with changes in valuation reflected immediately in our risk management systems and in net revenues. We do so because we believe this discipline is one of the most effective tools for assessing and managing risk and that it provides transparent and realistic insight into our inventory exposures.
•
Risk Appetite, Limits, Thresholds and Alerts.
We apply risk limits, thresholds and alerts to control and monitor risk across transactions, products, businesses and markets. The Board, directly or indirectly through its Risk Committee, approves limits, thresholds and alerts included in our risk appetite statement at firmwide, business and product levels. In addition, the Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee, through delegated authority from the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee, is responsible for approving our risk limits, thresholds and alerts policy, subject to the overall limits directly or indirectly approved by the Board, and monitoring these limits.
The Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee is responsible for approving and monitoring limits at firmwide, business and product levels. Certain limits may be set at levels that will require periodic adjustment, rather than at levels that reflect our maximum risk appetite. This fosters an ongoing dialogue about risk among our first and second lines of defense, committees and senior management, as well as rapid escalation of risk-related matters. The Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee also authorizes Risk to set limits and thresholds to support monitoring and oversight at a more granular level. For example, Market Risk sets limits at certain product and desk levels, and Credit Risk sets limits for individual counterparties and their subsidiaries,