our stress scenarios. We also perform ad hoc stress tests in anticipation of market events or conditions. Stress tests are also used to assess capital adequacy as part of our capital planning and stress testing process. See “Capital Management and Regulatory Capital — Capital Management” for further information.
We maintain a daily discipline of marking substantially all of our inventory to current market levels. We carry our inventory at fair value, with changes in valuation reflected immediately in our risk management systems and in net revenues. We do so because we believe this discipline is one of the most effective tools for assessing and managing risk and that it provides transparent and realistic insight into our inventory exposures.
•
Risk Appetite, Limits, Thresholds and Alerts.
We apply risk limits, thresholds and alerts to control and monitor risk across transactions, products, businesses and markets. The Board, directly or indirectly through its Risk Committee, approves limits, thresholds and alerts included in our risk appetite statement at firmwide, business and product levels. In addition, the Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee, through delegated authority from the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee, is responsible for approving our risk limits, thresholds and alerts policy, subject to the overall limits directly or indirectly approved by the Board, and monitoring these limits.
The Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee is responsible for approving and monitoring limits at firmwide, business and product levels. Certain limits may be set at levels that will require periodic adjustment, rather than at levels that reflect our maximum risk appetite. This fosters an ongoing dialogue about risk among our first and second lines of defense, committees and senior management, as well as rapid escalation of risk-related matters. The Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee also authorizes Risk to set limits and thresholds to support monitoring and oversight at a more granular level. For example, Market Risk sets limits at certain product and desk levels, and Credit Risk sets limits for individual counterparties and their subsidiaries, industries and countries. Limits are reviewed regularly and amended on a permanent or temporary basis to reflect changes to our strategic business plan, as well as changing market conditions, business conditions or risk tolerance. Risks limits are monitored by the respective Risk functions.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
•
Control Monitoring and Testing.
We perform control monitoring and testing to measure the effectiveness of our key controls and to ensure that we are in compliance with policies, codes of conduct, control standards and regulatory requirements. Monitoring and testing is performed by dedicated teams within the first and second lines of defense. These teams establish procedures, develop risk-based annual plans, perform control testing and escalate identified