interest holders and other parties involved with the VIE; and
•
Related-party relationships.
The firm reassesses its evaluation of whether an entity is a VIE when certain reconsideration events occur. The firm reassesses its determination of whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE on an ongoing basis based on current facts and circumstances.
VIE Activities
The firm is principally involved with VIEs through the following business activities:
Mortgage-Backed VIEs.
The firm sells residential and commercial mortgage loans and securities to mortgage-backed VIEs and may retain beneficial interests in the assets sold to these VIEs. The firm purchases and sells beneficial interests issued by mortgage-backed VIEs in connection with market-making activities. In addition, the firm may enter into derivatives with certain of these VIEs, primarily interest rate swaps, which are typically not variable interests. The firm generally enters into derivatives with other counterparties to mitigate its risk.
Tax Credit and Other Investing VIEs
.
The firm makes equity investments in VIEs that invest in qualified affordable housing and renewable energy projects designed to generate a return through the realization of tax credits and related tax benefits. The firm also purchases equity and debt securities issued by and makes loans to VIEs that hold real estate, performing and nonperforming debt, distressed loans and equity securities. In addition, the firm makes equity investments in certain investment fund VIEs it manages and is entitled to receive fees from these VIEs. The firm generally does not sell assets to, or enter into derivatives with, these VIEs.
Corporate Debt and Other Asset-Backed VIEs.
The firm structures VIEs that issue notes to clients, purchases and sells beneficial interests issued by corporate debt and other asset-backed VIEs in connection with market-making activities, and makes loans to VIEs that warehouse corporate debt. Certain of these VIEs synthetically create the exposure for the beneficial interests they issue by entering into credit derivatives with the firm, rather than purchasing the underlying assets. In addition, the firm may enter into derivatives, such as total return swaps, with certain corporate debt and other asset-backed VIEs, under which the firm pays the VIE a return due to the beneficial interest holders and receives the return on the collateral owned by the VIE. The collateral owned by these VIEs is primarily other asset-backed loans and securities. The firm may be removed as the total return swap counterparty and may enter into derivatives with other counterparties to mitigate its risk related to these swaps. The firm may sell assets to the corporate debt and other asset-backed VIEs it structures.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Principal-Protected Note VIEs.
The firm structures VIEs that issue principal-protected notes to clients. These VIEs own