officer and chief technology officer, among others, periodically brief the Board on operational and technology risks, including cybersecurity risks, relevant to us. The Board also receives regular briefings from our CISO on a range of cybersecurity-related topics, including the status of our Cybersecurity Program, emerging cybersecurity threats, mitigation strategies and related regulatory engagements. In addition, these are topics on which various directors maintain an ongoing dialogue with our CISO, chief information officer and chief technology officer.
Our
CISO
is responsible for managing and implementing the Cybersecurity Program and reports directly to our chief information officer. Our CISO oversees our Technology Risk team, which assesses and manages material risks from cybersecurity threats, sets firmwide control requirements, assesses adherence to controls, and oversees incident detection and response.
In addition, we have a series of committees and steering groups that oversee the implementation of our cybersecurity risk management strategy and framework. These committees and steering groups are informed about cybersecurity incidents and risks by designated members of Technology Risk, who periodically report to these committees and steering groups about the Cybersecurity Program, including the efforts of the Technology Risk teams to prevent, detect, mitigate and remediate incidents and threats. These committees and steering groups enable formal escalation and reporting of risks, and our CISO and other members of Technology Risk provide regular briefings to senior management.
The Firmwide Technology Risk Committee is responsible for reviewing matters related to the design, development, deployment and use of technology. This committee oversees cybersecurity matters, as well as technology risk management frameworks and methodologies, and monitors their effectiveness. This committee is co-chaired by our CISO and our chief technology officer, and reports to the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee. To assist the Firmwide Technology Risk Committee in carrying out its mandate, the Firmwide Artificial Intelligence Risk and Controls Committee, which oversees risks associated with the use of AI, reports to the Firmwide Technology Risk Committee
.
See “Overview and Structure of Risk Management” for further information about this committee.
The Digital Risk Office Steering Group oversees Engineering risk decisions, monitors control performance and reviews approaches to comply with current and emerging regulation applicable to Engineering. This steering group is co-chaired by our CISO, chief technology officer and chief digital risk officer, and reports to the Firmwide Technology Risk Committee.
Our CISO, senior management within Technology Risk and Operational Risk, as well as management personnel overseeing the Cybersecurity Program, all have substantial relevant expertise in the areas of information security and cybersecurity risk management.
THE