immigration policies; laws and regulations that limit trading in, or the issuance of, securities of issuers outside their domestic markets; outbreaks or worsening of domestic or international tensions or hostilities, terrorism, nuclear proliferation, cybersecurity threats or attacks and other forms of disruption to or curtailment of global communication, energy transmission or transportation networks or other geopolitical instability or uncertainty; corporate, political or other scandals that reduce investor confidence in capital markets; extreme weather events or other natural disasters; or a combination of these or other factors.
The financial services industry and the securities and other financial markets have been materially and adversely affected in the past by significant declines in the values of nearly all asset classes, by a severe lack of liquidity and by high levels of borrower defaults. In addition, concerns about actual or potential increases in interest rates, inflation and other borrowing costs, a public health emergency, sovereign debt risk and its impact on the relevant sovereign banking system, and limitations on international trade, have, at times, negatively impacted the levels of client activity.
General uncertainty about economic, political and market activities, and the scope, timing and impact of regulatory reform, as well as weak consumer, investor and CEO confidence resulting in large part from such uncertainty, has in the past negatively impacted client activity, which has in the past adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect many of our businesses. Periods of low volatility and periods of high volatility combined with a lack of liquidity have at times had an unfavorable impact on our market-making businesses.
Changes, or proposed changes, to U.S. international trade and investment policies, particularly with important trading partners, have in recent years negatively impacted financial markets. Continued or escalating tensions may result in further actions taken by the U.S. or other countries that could disrupt international trade and investment and adversely affect financial markets. Those actions could include, among others, the implementation of or increase in sanctions, tariffs or foreign exchange measures, the large-scale sale of U.S. Treasury securities or other restrictions on cross-border trade, investment, or transfer of information or technology. Such developments have in the past affected and could in the future adversely affect our or our clients’ businesses.
Financial institution returns may be negatively impacted by increased funding costs due in part to the lack of perceived government support of such institutions in the event of future financial crises relative to financial institutions in countries in which governmental support is maintained. In addition, liquidity in the financial markets has in the past been, and could in the future be, negatively impacted as market participants