year. In equities, the S&P 500 Index increased by 23% and the MSCI World Index increased by 16% compared with the end of 2023.
In the future, if market and economic conditions deteriorate, and market-making activity levels decline, industry-wide investment banking volumes decline, or credit spreads related to hedges on our relationship lending portfolio tighten, net revenues in Global Banking & Markets would likely be negatively impacted. In addition, if economic conditions deteriorate or if the creditworthiness of borrowers deteriorates, provision for credit losses would likely be negatively impacted.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
2024 versus 2023.
Net revenues in Global Banking & Markets were $34.94 billion for 2024, 16% higher than 2023.
Investment banking fees were $7.73 billion, 24% higher than 2023, primarily reflecting significantly higher net revenues in Debt underwriting, primarily driven by leveraged finance activity, and in Equity underwriting, primarily driven by secondary and initial public offerings. In addition, net revenues in Advisory were higher, reflecting an increase in completed mergers and acquisitions transactions.
As of December 2024, our Investment banking fees backlog increased compared with the end of 2023, primarily reflecting higher estimated net revenues from potential advisory transactions.
Our backlog represents an estimate of our net revenues from future transactions where we believe that future revenue realization is more likely than not. We believe changes in our backlog may be a useful indicator of client activity levels which, over the long term, impact our net revenues. However, the time frame for completion and corresponding revenue recognition of transactions in our backlog varies based on the nature of the assignment, as certain transactions may remain in our backlog for longer periods of time. In addition, our backlog is subject to certain limitations, such as assumptions about the likelihood that individual client transactions will occur in the future. Transactions may be cancelled or modified, and transactions not included in the estimate may also occur.
Net revenues in FICC were $13.20 billion, 9% higher than 2023, primarily reflecting significantly higher net revenues in FICC financing, primarily driven by mortgages and structured lending. Net revenues in FICC intermediation were slightly higher, driven by significantly higher net revenues in currencies, mortgages and credit products, largely offset by lower net revenues in interest rate products and significantly lower net revenues in commodities.
The increase in FICC intermediation net revenues reflected the impact of improved market-making conditions on our inventory, partially offset by lower client activity. The following provides information about our FICC intermediation net revenues by business, compared with results for 2023:
•
Net revenues in currencies, mortgages and credit products