relationships and reputational excellence. As part of our performance review process, we assess reputational excellence, including how an employee exercises good risk management and reputational judgment, and adheres to our code of conduct and compliance policies. Our review and reward processes are designed to communicate and reinforce to our professionals the link between behavior and how people are recognized, the need to focus on our clients and our reputation, and the need to always act in accordance with our highest standards.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Structure
Ultimate oversight of risk is the responsibility of our Board. The Board oversees risk both directly and through its committees, including its Risk Committee. We also have a series of committees that generally consist of senior managers, including from both our first and second lines of defense, with specific risk management mandates that have oversight or decision-making responsibilities for risk management activities. We have an established policy for these committees so that appropriate information barriers are in place. Our primary risk committees, most of which also have additional sub-committees, councils or working groups, are described below. In addition to these committees, we have other risk committees that provide oversight for different businesses, activities, products, regions and entities. All of our committees have responsibility for considering the impact on our reputation of the transactions and activities that they oversee.
Membership of our risk committees is reviewed regularly and updated to reflect changes in the responsibilities of the committee members. Accordingly, the length of time that members serve on the respective committees varies as determined by the committee chairs and based on the responsibilities of the members.
The chart below presents an overview of our risk management governance structure.
Management Committee.
The Management Committee oversees our global activities. It provides this oversight directly and through delegated authority. This committee consists of our most senior leaders, and is chaired by our chief executive officer. Most members of the Management Committee are also members of other committees. The following are the committees that are principally involved in firmwide risk management.
Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee.
The Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee is responsible for overseeing all of our financial and nonfinancial risks. As part of such oversight, the committee is responsible for the ongoing review, approval and monitoring of our enterprise risk management framework, as well as our risk limits, and thresholds and alerts policy, through delegated authority to the Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee. The Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee also reviews new significant strategic business initiatives to determine whether they are consistent with our risk appetite and