to our regulated subsidiaries is not available to Group Inc. or Funding IHC until the maturity of such financing.
Group Inc. has provided substantial amounts of equity and subordinated indebtedness, directly or indirectly, to its regulated subsidiaries. For example, as of March 2025, Group Inc. had $38.90 billion of equity and subordinated indebtedness invested in GS&Co., its principal U.S. registered broker-dealer; $48.44 billion invested in GSI, a regulated U.K. broker-dealer; $2.27 billion invested in GSJCL, a regulated Japanese broker-dealer; $65.60 billion invested in GS Bank USA, a regulated New York State-chartered bank; and $5.45 billion invested in GSIB, a regulated U.K. bank. Group Inc. also provides financing, directly or indirectly, in the form of: $149.40 billion of unsubordinated loans (including secured loans of $52.75 billion) and $30.64 billion of collateral and cash deposits to these entities as of March 2025. In addition, as of March 2025, Group Inc. had significant amounts of capital invested in and loans to its other regulated subsidiaries.
Contingency Funding Plan.
We maintain a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. Our contingency funding plan outlines a list of potential risk factors, key reports and metrics that are reviewed on an ongoing basis to assist in assessing the severity of, and managing through, a liquidity crisis and/or market dislocation. The contingency funding plan also describes in detail our potential responses if our assessments indicate that we have entered a liquidity crisis, which include pre-funding for what we estimate will be our potential cash and collateral needs, as well as utilizing secondary sources of liquidity. Mitigants and action items to address specific risks which may arise are also described and assigned to individuals responsible for execution.
The contingency funding plan identifies key groups of individuals and their responsibilities, which include fostering effective coordination, control and distribution of information, implementing liquidity maintenance activities and managing internal and external communication, all of which are critical in the management of a crisis or period of market stress.
Stress Tests
In order to determine the appropriate size of our GCLA, we model liquidity outflows over a range of scenarios and time horizons. One of our primary internal liquidity risk models, referred to as the Modeled Liquidity Outflow, quantifies our liquidity risks over a 30-day stress scenario. We also consider other factors, including, but not limited to, an assessment of our potential intraday liquidity needs through an additional internal liquidity risk model, referred to as the Intraday Liquidity Model, the results of our long-term stress testing models, our resolution liquidity models and other applicable regulatory requirements and a qualitative assessment of our condition, as