client information. We are also subject to additional legal requirements, including with respect to suitability and consumer protection (for example, Regulation Best Interest, fair lending laws and regulations and privacy laws and regulations). Further, identity fraud may increase and credit reporting practices may change in a manner that makes it more difficult for financial institutions, such as us, to evaluate the creditworthiness of consumers.
In connection with our transaction banking activities, we face compliance, legal and regulatory risk, including with respect to know-your-customer, anti-money laundering and reporting requirements and prohibitions on transfers of property belonging to countries, entities and individuals subject to sanctions by U.S. or other governmental authorities. We are making significant enhancements to existing controls, systems and procedures to manage these risks.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
New business initiatives expose us to new and enhanced risks, including risks associated with dealing with governmental entities, reputational concerns arising from dealing with different types of clients, business partners, counterparties and investors, greater regulatory scrutiny of these activities, increased credit-related, market, sovereign and operational risks, risks arising from accidents or acts of terrorism, and reputational concerns with the manner in which certain assets are being operated or held or in which we interact with these clients, business partners, counterparties and investors. Legal, regulatory and reputational risks may also exist in connection with activities and transactions involving new products or markets where there is regulatory uncertainty or where there are different or conflicting regulations depending on the regulator or the jurisdiction involved, particularly where transactions in such products may involve multiple jurisdictions.
We have developed and pursued new business and strategic initiatives, including acquisitions, and may continue to do so. If and to the extent we are unable to successfully execute those initiatives, we may incur unanticipated costs and losses, and face other adverse consequences, such as negative reputational effects. In addition, the actual effects of pursuing those initiatives may differ, possibly materially, from the benefits that we expect to realize from them, such as generating additional revenues, achieving expense savings, reducing operational risk exposures or using capital and funding more efficiently. Engaging in new activities exposes us to a variety of risks, including that we may be unable to successfully develop new, competitive, efficient and effective systems and processes, and hire and retain the necessary personnel. Due to our lack of historical experience with unsecured consumer lending, our loan loss assumptions may prove to be incorrect and we may incur losses significantly above those which we originally anticipated in