firm’s ability to declare or pay dividends on, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, its common stock is subject to certain restrictions in the event that the firm fails to pay or set aside full dividends on the preferred stock for the latest completed dividend period.
•
Series E and Series F Preferred Stock are held by Goldman Sachs Capital II and Goldman Sachs Capital III, respectively. These trusts are Delaware statutory trusts sponsored by the firm and wholly-owned finance subsidiaries of the firm for regulatory and legal purposes but are not consolidated for accounting purposes.
The preferred stock issuance costs in the consolidated statements of shareholders’ equity reflects reclassifications of issuance costs to retained earnings on redemptions, net of issuance costs relating to new issuances.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
The table below presents the dividend rates of perpetual preferred stock as of March 2025.
In the table above:
•
Dividends on each series of preferred stock are payable in arrears for the periods specified.
•
The treasury rate for Series Q through Z is based on the most recent dividend determination date of the respective series.
The table below presents preferred stock dividends declared.
On
April 8, 2025
, Group Inc. declared dividends of $
335.50
per share of Series A Preferred Stock, $
335.50
per share of Series C Preferred Stock, $
330.44
per share of Series D Preferred Stock, $
662.50
per share of Series O Preferred Stock, $
475.00
per share of Series T Preferred Stock, $
515.63
per share of Series V Preferred Stock, $
937.50
per share of Series X Preferred Stock and $
952.78
per share of Series Y Preferred Stock to be paid on May 12, 2025 to preferred shareholders of record on April 27, 2025 and declared dividends of $
1,351.76
per share of Series E Preferred Stock and $
1,352.39
per share of Series F Preferred Stock to be paid on June 2, 2025 to preferred shareholders of record on May 18, 2025. The aggregate amount of such preferred dividends was approximately $
250
million.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)
The table below presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax, by type.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Note 20.
Regulation and Capital Adequacy
The FRB is the primary regulator of Group Inc., a bank holding company under the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and a financial holding company under amendments to this Act. The firm is subject to consolidated regulatory capital requirements which are calculated in accordance with the regulations of the FRB (Capital Framework).
The capital requirements are expressed as risk-based capital and leverage ratios that compare measures of regulatory capital to risk-weighted assets (RWAs), average assets and off-balance sheet exposures. Failure to comply with these capital