the firm for regulatory and legal purposes but is not consolidated for accounting purposes.
The firm pays interest semi-annually on the junior subordinated debt at an annual rate of
6.345
% and the debt matures on February 15, 2034. The coupon rate and the payment dates applicable to the beneficial interests are the same as the interest rate and payment dates for the junior subordinated debt. The firm has the right, from time to time, to defer payment of interest on the junior subordinated debt, and therefore cause payment on Goldman Sachs Capital I’s preferred beneficial interests to be deferred, in each case up to
ten
consecutive semi-annual periods. During any such deferral period, the firm will not be permitted to, among other things, pay dividends on or make certain repurchases of its common stock. Goldman Sachs Capital I is not permitted to pay any distributions on the common beneficial interests held by Group Inc. unless all dividends payable on the preferred beneficial interests have been paid in full.
Note 15.
Other Liabilities
The table below presents other liabilities by type.
Operating Lease Liabilities
For leases longer than one year, the firm recognizes a right-of-use asset representing the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term, and a lease liability representing the liability to make payments. See Note 12 for information about operating lease right-of-use assets.
The table below presents information about operating lease liabilities.
In the table above, the weighted average discount rate represents the firm’s incremental borrowing rate as of the date of adoption of ASU No. 2016-02, “Leases (Topic 842),” for operating leases existing on the date of adoption and as of the lease inception date for leases entered into subsequent to the adoption of this ASU.
Operating lease costs were $
114
million for the three months ended March 2025 and $
123
million for the three months ended March 2024. Variable lease costs, which are included in operating lease costs, were not material for both the three months ended March 2025 and March 2024. Total occupancy expenses for space held in excess of the firm’s current requirements were not material for both the three months ended March 2025 and March 2024.
Lease payments relating to operating lease arrangements that were signed but had not yet commenced were $
1.10
billion as of March 2025.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Accrued Expenses and Other
Accrued expenses and other included:
•
Liabilities classified as held for sale were
no
t material as of both March 2025 and December 2024. See Note 12 for further information about assets held for sale.
•
Contract liabilities, which represent consideration received by the firm in connection with its contracts with clients prior to providing the service, were $
120
million as of March 2025 and were
no
t material as of December 2024.
•
Accrued unfunded commitments related to