SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 21.
Earnings Per Common Share
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing net earnings to common by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and restricted stock units (RSUs) for which the delivery of the underlying common stock is not subject to satisfaction of future service, performance or market conditions (collectively, basic shares). Diluted EPS includes the determinants of basic EPS and, in addition, reflects the dilutive effect of the common stock deliverable for RSUs for which the delivery of the underlying common stock is subject to satisfaction of future service, performance or market conditions.
The table below presents information about basic and diluted EPS.
In the table above:
•
Net earnings to common represents net earnings applicable to common shareholders, which is calculated as net earnings less preferred stock dividends.
•
Unvested share-based awards that have non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents are treated as a separate class of securities under the two-class method. Distributed earnings allocated to these securities reduce net earnings to common to calculate EPS under this method. The impact of applying this methodology was a reduction in basic EPS of $
0.15
for each of 2024, 2023 and 2022.
•
Diluted EPS does not include antidilutive RSUs, including those that are subject to market or performance conditions, of
0.1
million for 2024,
0.4
million for 2023 and
0.5
million for 2022.
Note 22.
Transactions with Affiliated Funds
The firm has formed nonconsolidated investment funds with third-party investors. As the firm generally acts as the investment manager for these funds, it is entitled to receive management fees and, in certain cases, advisory fees or incentive fees from these funds. Additionally, the firm invests alongside its clients in certain funds.
The tables below present information about affiliated funds.
In the ordinary course of business, the firm may choose to provide voluntary financi
al support to funds, although any such support is not expected to be material to the results of operations of the firm. The firm has waived or deferred collection of management fees and has deferred reimbursement of expenses, and in the future may waive or defer collection of management fees, from select funds. The impact of these waivers and deferrals was
no
t material to the firm
’
s results of operations for both 2024 and 2023
. Management fees waived were $
123
million for 2022.
Except as noted above, the firm did not provide any additional financial support to its affiliated funds during each of 2024, 2023 and 2022.
In addition, in the ordinary course of business, the firm may also engage in other activities with its affiliated funds, including, among others, securities lending, trade execution, market-making, custody, and acquisition and bridge financing. See Note 18 for information about the firm’s investment