a “margin call” in connection with a brokerage account. Therefore, declines in the value of asset classes used as collateral mean that either the cost of funding positions is increased or the size of positions is decreased. If we are the party providing collateral, this can increase our costs and reduce our profitability and if we are the party receiving collateral, this can also reduce our profitability by reducing the level of business done with our clients and counterparties.
In addition, volatile or less liquid markets increase the difficulty of valuing assets, which can lead to costly and time-consuming disputes over asset values and the level of required collateral, as well as increased credit risk to the recipient of the collateral due to delays in receiving adequate collateral. In cases where we foreclose on collateral, sudden declines in the value or liquidity of the collateral have in the past resulted in, and may in the future result in, significant losses to us, especially where there is a single type of collateral supporting the obligation. In addition, we have been and may in the future be subject to claims that the foreclosure was not permitted under the legal documents, was conducted in an improper manner, including in violation of law, or caused a client or counterparty to incur significant losses or go out of business.
Our market-making activities have been and may in the future be affected by changes in the levels of market volatility.
Certain of our market-making activities depend on market volatility to provide trading and arbitrage opportunities to our clients, and decreases in volatility have reduced and may in the future reduce these opportunities and the level of client activity associated with them and have adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect the results of these activities. While increased volatility can increase trading volumes and spreads, it also increases risk as measured by Value-at-Risk (VaR) and increases risks in connection with our market-making activities and can cause us to reduce our inventory. Limiting the size of our market-making positions can adversely affect our profitability. In periods when volatility is increasing, but asset values are declining significantly, it may not be possible to sell assets at all or it may only be possible to do so at steep discounts. In those circumstances, we have been and may in the future be forced to either take on additional risk or to realize losses in order to decrease our VaR. In addition, increases in volatility increase the level of our RWAs, which increases the amount of capital that we are required to hold, and this can reduce our profitability and reduce our ability to distribute capital to our shareholders. For example, in August 2024, market volatility increased significantly, which adversely affected activity levels, increased our market RWAs and adversely impacted our results on some days.
Our investment banking, client intermediation,