not cleared by a clearing organization. Certain of our registered swap dealers, including J. Aron, are subject to the CFTC’s capital requirements.
Our affiliates registered as swap dealers are subject to the margin rules issued by the CFTC (in the case of our non-bank swap dealers) and the FRB (in the case of GS Bank USA and GSBE). Inter-affiliate transactions under the CFTC and FRB margin rules are generally exempt from initial margin requirements.
Our affiliates registered as swap dealers are also subject to NFA regulation, including requirements pertaining to cybersecurity and supervision, and the NFA examines them for compliance with these requirements as well as compliance with CFTC rules.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
SEC rules govern the registration and regulation of security-based swap dealers. Security-based swaps are defined as swaps on single securities, single loans or narrow-based baskets or indices of securities. The SEC has adopted a number of rules for security-based swap dealers, including (i) capital, margin and segregation requirements; (ii) record-keeping, financial reporting and notification requirements; (iii) business conduct standards; (iv) regulatory and public trade reporting; and (v) the application of risk mitigation techniques to uncleared portfolios of security-based swaps. GS&Co., GS Bank USA, GSI, GSBE and Goldman Sachs Financial Markets, L.P. (GSFM) are registered with the SEC as security-based swap dealers and subject to the SEC’s regulations regarding security-based swaps. The SEC has proposed additional regulations regarding security-based swaps that would, among other things, require public reporting of large positions in security-based swaps.
GS Bank USA and GSBE are also subject to the FRB’s swaps margin rules. These rules require the exchange of initial and variation margin in connection with transactions in swaps and security-based swaps that are not cleared through a registered or exempt clearinghouse. GS Bank USA and GSBE are required to post and collect margin in connection with transactions with swap dealers, security-based swap dealers, major swap participants and major security-based swap participants, or financial end users.
The CFTC and the SEC have adopted rules relating to cross-border regulation of swaps and security-based swaps, and business conduct and registration requirements. The CFTC and the SEC have entered into agreements with certain non-U.S. regulators regarding the cross-border regulation of derivatives and the mutual recognition of cross-border execution facilities and clearinghouses, and have approved substituted compliance with certain non-U.S. regulations related to certain business conduct requirements and margin rules, among other requirements. The U.S. prudential regulators have not yet made a determination with respect to substituted compliance for transactions subject to non-U.S. margin rules.
Similar types of regulation have been proposed or adopted in