childcare options to help our people navigate caregiving across various life stages. Employees also have access to our family care coordination services for comprehensive support and coaching across the caregiving continuum—from their transition to new parenthood to care for adult family members.
In addition, to support the financial wellness of our employees, we offer a variety of resources that help them manage their personal financial health and decision-making, including financial education information sessions, live and on-demand webinars, articles and interactive digital tools.
Global Reach and Strategic Locations
As a firm with a global client base, we take a strategic approach to attracting, developing and managing a global workforce. Our clients are located worldwide and we are an active participant in financial markets around the world. As of December 2024, we had headcount of 46,500, offices in over 40 countries, and 50% of our headcount was based in the Americas, 20% in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and 30% in Asia. Our employees come from over 190 countries and speak more than 170 languages as of December 2024.
In addition to maintaining offices in major financial centers around the world, we have established key strategic locations, including in Bengaluru, Salt Lake City, Dallas, Singapore, Warsaw, Birmingham and Hyderabad. We continue to evaluate the expanded use of strategic locations, including cities in which we do not currently have a presence.
As of December 2024, 43% of our employees were working in strategic locations. We believe our investment in these strategic locations enables us to build centers of excellence around specific capabilities that support our business initiatives.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Sustainability
We have a long-standing commitment to sustainability. Our two priorities in this area are helping clients across industries decarbonize their businesses to support their transitions to a low-carbon economy (Climate Transition) and to advance solutions that expand access, increase affordability, and drive outcomes to support sustainable economic growth (Inclusive Growth). Our strategy is to advance these two priorities through our work with our clients, and with strategic partners whose strengths and areas of focus complement our own, as well as through our supply chain.
Our Sustainable Finance Group serves as the centralized group that drives our sustainability strategy and related efforts across our firm, including the commercial approach alongside our businesses, to advance Climate Transition and Inclusive Growth. Our sustainable finance-related efforts continue to evolve. For example, within Global Banking & Markets, we established the Sustainable Banking Group, a group focused on delivering analysis, advice, and capital solutions for clients focused on their sustainability objectives. Within Asset & Wealth Management, we provide clients sustainability-related capabilities,