assets, Note 13 for further information about deposits, Note 14 for further information about unsecured borrowings and Note 15 for further information about other liabilities.
Level 3 Rollforward.
The table below presents a summary of the changes in fair value for level 3 other financial assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value.
In the table above:
•
Changes in fair value are presented for all other financial assets and liabilities that are classified in level 3 as of the end of the period.
•
Net unrealized gains/(losses) relates to other financial assets and liabilities that were still held at period-end.
•
Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are reported at the beginning of the reporting period in which they occur. If a financial instrument was transferred to level 3 during a reporting period, its entire gain or loss for the period is classified in level 3.
•
For level 3 other financial assets, increases are shown as positive amounts, while decreases are shown as negative amounts. For level 3 other financial liabilities, increases are shown as negative amounts, while decreases are shown as positive amounts.
•
Level 3 other financial assets and liabilities are frequently economically hedged with trading assets and liabilities. Accordingly, gains or losses that are classified in level 3 can be partially offset by gains or losses attributable to level 1, 2 or 3 trading assets and liabilities. As a result, gains or losses included in the level 3 rollforward below do not necessarily represent the overall impact on the firm’s results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
The table below presents information, by the consolidated balance sheet line items, for other financial liabilities included in the summary table above.
Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Three Months Ended March 2025.
The net realized and unrealized losses on level 3 other financial liabilities of $
144
million (reflecting $
85
million of net realized losses and $
59
million of net unrealized losses) for the three months ended March 2025 included gains/(losses) of $(
169
) million reported in market making, $(
20
) million reported in other principal transactions and $(
1
) million reported in interest expense in the consolidated statements of earnings, and $
46
million reported in debt valuation adjustment in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
The net unrealized losses on level 3 other financial liabilities for the three months ended March 2025 primarily reflected losses on certain hybrid financial instruments included in unsecured long-term borrowings (principally due to a decrease in interest rates), partially offset by gains on certain hybrid financial instruments included in unsecured short-term borrowings (principally due to a decrease in equity prices).
Transfers into level 3 other financial liabilities during the