interest holders of real estate, credit-related and other investing VIEs do not have recourse to the general credit of the firm.
Note 18.
Commitments,
Contingencies
and
Guarantees
Commitments
The table below presents commitments by type.
The table below presents commitments by expiration.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Lending Commitments
The firm’s commercial and warehouse financing lending commitments are agreements to lend with fixed termination dates and depend on the satisfaction of all contractual conditions to borrowing. These commitments are presented net of amounts syndicated to third parties. The total commitment amount does not necessarily reflect actual future cash flows because the firm may syndicate portions of these commitments. In addition, commitments can expire unused or be reduced or cancelled at the counterparty’s request. The firm also provides credit to consumers by issuing credit card lines.
The table below presents information about lending commitments.
In the table above:
•
Held for investment lending commitments are accounted for at amortized cost. The carrying value of lending commitments was a liability of $
963
million (including allowance for credit losses of $
707
million) as of March 2025 and $
929
million (including allowance for credit losses of $
674
million) as of December 2024. The estimated fair value of such lending commitments was a liability of $
5.91
billion as of March 2025 and $
4.84
billion as of December 2024. Had these lending commitments been carried at fair value and included in the fair value hierarchy, $
3.43
billion as of March 2025 and $
2.44
billion as of December 2024 would have been classified in level 2, and $
2.48
billion as of March 2025 and $
2.40
billion as of December 2024 would have been classified in level 3.
•
Held for sale lending commitments are accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value. The carrying value of lending commitments held for sale was a liability of $
60
million as of March 2025 and $
43
million as of December 2024. The estimated fair value of such lending commitments approximates the carrying value. Had these lending commitments been included in the fair value hierarchy, they would have been primarily classified in level 3 as of both March 2025 and December 2024.
•
Gains or losses related to lending commitments at fair value, if any, are generally recorded net of any fees in other principal transactions.
Commercial Lending.
The firm’s commercial lending commitments were primarily extended to investment-grade corporate borrowers.
Such commitments primarily related to relationship lending activities (principally used for operating and general corporate purposes), and other investment banking activities (generally extended for contingent acquisition financing and are often intended to be short-term in nature, as borrowers often seek to replace them with other funding sources).
The firm also