having a material impact on the risk profile of regulated entities. CRR II and CRD V amended certain aspects of these rules, including, by increasing minimum variable compensation deferral periods.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
The E.U. and the U.K. have each also introduced investment firm regimes, including rules regulating compensation for certain persons providing services to certain investment funds.
Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Bribery Rules and Regulations
The U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, as amended (BSA), including by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 and the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (AMLA), contains anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws and authorizes or mandates the promulgation of various regulations applicable to financial institutions, including standards for verifying client identification at account opening, and obligations to monitor client transactions and report suspicious activities. Through these and other provisions, the BSA seeks, among other things, to promote the identification of parties that may be involved in terrorism, money laundering or other suspicious activities.
The AMLA was intended to comprehensively reform and modernize U.S. anti-money laundering laws. Among other things, the AMLA codifies a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the U.S. Department of the Treasury to periodically promulgate priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism; requires the development of standards by the U.S. Department of the Treasury for testing technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; expands enforcement- and investigation-related authority, including a significant expansion in the available sanctions for certain BSA violations; and expands BSA whistleblower incentives and protections. Certain statutory provisions in the AMLA require rulemakings beyond those that have already been finalized, reports and other measures. The impact of the AMLA will depend on, among other things, these additional rulemakings and implementation guidance. The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), a bureau of the U.S. Department of Treasury, has issued the priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism, as required under the AMLA. The priorities include: corruption, cybercrime, terrorist financing, fraud, transnational crime, drug trafficking organization activity, human trafficking and proliferation financing.
The Corporate Transparency Act (CTA) was enacted in 2021 as part of the AMLA and designed to establish beneficial ownership information reporting requirements for certain types of entities, and in 2024, FinCEN’s rule implementing the reporting requirements of the CTA became effective. Under the rule, domestic companies formed before 2024 would be required to file their initial report by January 1, 2025 and domestic companies formed in or after 2024 would be required to file