our exposures. See “Overview and Structure of Risk Management” for information about the limit approval process.
Limits are monitored by Corporate Treasury and Risk. Risk is responsible for identifying and escalating to senior management and/or the appropriate risk committee, on a timely basis, instances where limits have been exceeded (e.g., due to positional changes or changes in market conditions, such as increased volatilities or changes in correlations). Such instances are remediated by a reduction in the positions we hold and/or a temporary or permanent increase to the limit, if warranted.
Metrics
We analyze VaR at the firmwide level and a variety of more detailed levels, including by risk category, business and region. Diversification effect in the tables below represents the difference between total VaR and the sum of the VaRs for the four risk categories. This effect arises because the four market risk categories are not perfectly correlated. Substantially all positions in VaR are included within Global Banking & Markets.
The table below presents our average daily VaR.
Our average daily VaR decreased to $91 million for the three months ended March 2025 from $96 million for the three months ended December 2024, due to reduced exposures, partially offset by higher levels of volatility. The total decrease was driven by decreases in the interest rates, equity prices and commodity prices categories, partially offset by a decrease in the diversification effect and an increase in the currency rates category.
Our average daily VaR increased to $91 million for the three months ended March 2025 from $87 million for the three months ended March 2024, due to increased exposures, partially offset by lower levels of volatility. The total increase was primarily driven by increases in the currency rates and equity prices categories, partially offset by a decrease in the interest rates category and an increase in the diversification effect.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The table below presents our period-end VaR.
Our period-end VaR decreased to $84 million as of March 2025 from $91 million as of December 2024, due to reduced exposures, partially offset by higher levels of volatility. The total decrease was primarily driven by decreases in the interest rates and currency rates categories, partially offset by a decrease in the diversification effect and an increase in the commodity prices category.
Our period-end VaR decreased to $84 million as of March 2025 from $93 million as of March 2024, due to reduced exposures, partially offset by higher levels of volatility. The total decrease was primarily driven by decreases in the interest rates and currency rates categories, partially offset by a decrease in the diversification effect and an increase in the equity prices category.
During the three months ended March 2025, the firmwide VaR risk limit was not exceeded, raised or reduced, and there were no