notional amounts of these derivatives and commitments are included in maximum exposure to loss in the nonconsolidated VIE table in Note 17. Additionally, the firm provided seller financing of $
2.12
billion in connection with the sale of $
4.44
billion of loans (the vast majority of which were related to GreenSky) during 2024 and of approximately $
2.7
billion in connection with the sale of $
3.24
billion of Marcus loans during 2023. The principal and interest repayments received from these financings were $
2.85
billion for 2024 and were $
1.0
billion for 2023. Seller financing related to the GreenSky loans sale was fully repaid as of December 2024. The total outstanding principal amount of these seller financings were $
1.32
billion as of December 2024 and $
1.81
billion as of December 2023.
The table below presents information about the weighted average key economic assumptions used in measuring the fair value of mortgage-backed retained interests.
In the table above:
•
Amounts do not reflect the benefit of other financial instruments that are held to mitigate risks inherent in these retained interests.
•
Changes in fair value based on an adverse variation in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumptions to the change in fair value is not usually linear.
•
The impact of a change in a particular assumption is calculated independently of changes in any other assumption. In practice, simultaneous changes in assumptions might magnify or counteract the sensitivities disclosed above.
•
The constant prepayment rate is included only for positions for which it is a key assumption in the determination of fair value.
•
The discount rate for retained interests that relate to U.S. government agency-issued CMOs does not include any credit loss. Expected credit loss assumptions are reflected in the discount rate for the remainder of retained interests.
The firm has other retained interests not reflected in the table above with a fair value of $
491
million and a weighted average life of
5.0
years as of December 2024, and a fair value of $
674
million and a weighted average life of
5.0
years as of December 2023. Due to the nature and fair value of certain of these retained interests, the weighted average assumptions for constant prepayment and discount rates and the related sensitivity to adverse changes are not meaningful as of both December 2024 and December 2023. The firm’s maximum exposure to adverse changes in the value of these interests is the carrying value of $
493
million as of December 2024 and $
685
million as of December 2023.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 17.
Variable Interest Entities
A variable interest in a VIE is an investment (e.g., debt or equity) or other interest (e.g., derivatives or loans and lending commitments) that will absorb portions of the VIE’s expected losses and/or receive portions of the VIE’s expected