receivables and GCLA (other than an amount to fund anticipated bankruptcy expenses) to Funding IHC, and (iv) Funding IHC will be obligated to provide capital and liquidity support to the major subsidiaries. Group Inc.’s and Funding IHC’s obligations under the CLSA are secured pursuant to a related security agreement. Such actions would materially and adversely affect Group Inc.’s liquidity. As a result, during a period of severe stress, Group Inc. might commence bankruptcy proceedings at an earlier time than it otherwise would if the CLSA and related security agreement had not been implemented.
If Group Inc.’s proposed resolution strategy were successful, Group Inc.’s security holders could face losses while the third-party creditors of Group Inc.’s major subsidiaries would incur no losses because those subsidiaries would continue to operate and not enter resolution or bankruptcy proceedings. As part of the strategy, Group Inc. could also seek to elevate the priority of its guarantee obligations relating to its major subsidiaries’ derivative contracts or transfer them to another entity so that cross-default and early termination rights would be stayed under the ISDA Protocols, as applicable, which would result in holders of Group Inc.’s eligible long-term debt and holders of Group Inc.’s other debt securities incurring losses ahead of the beneficiaries of those guarantee obligations. It is also possible that holders of Group Inc.’s eligible long-term debt and other debt securities could incur losses ahead of other similarly situated creditors of Group Inc.’s major subsidiaries.
If Group Inc.’s proposed resolution strategy were not successful, Group Inc.’s financial condition would be adversely impacted and Group Inc.’s security holders, including debtholders, may as a consequence be in a worse position than if the strategy had not been implemented. In all cases, any payments to debtholders are dependent on our ability to make such payments and are therefore subject to our credit risk.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
As a result of our recovery and resolution planning processes, including incorporating feedback from our regulators, we may incur increased operational, funding or other costs and face limitations on our ability to structure our internal organization or engage in internal or external activities in a manner that we may otherwise deem most operationally efficient.
Our commodities activities, particularly our physical commodities activities, subject us to extensive regulation and involve certain potential risks, including environmental, reputational and other risks that may expose us to significant liabilities and costs.
As part of our commodities business, we purchase and sell certain physical commodities, arrange for their storage and transport, and engage in market making of commodities. The commodities involved in these activities may include crude oil, refined oil products, natural gas, liquefied natural gas, electric