required under German regulatory requirements and the ECB Guide to Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process (ILAAP). GSI and GSIB have their own liquidity planning processes, which incorporate internally designed stress tests developed in accordance with the guidelines of the PRA’s ILAAP.
See “Available Information” below and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management — Overview and Structure of Risk Management” and “— Liquidity Risk Management — Liquidity Regulatory Framework” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for information about the LCR and NSFR, as well as our risk management practices and liquidity.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Stress Tests and Capital Planning.
The FRB’s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) is designed to ensure that large BHCs, including us, have sufficient capital to permit continued operations during times of economic and financial stress. As required by the FRB, we perform an annual capital stress test and incorporate the results into an annual capital plan, which we submit to the FRB for review. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Capital Management and Regulatory Capital — Capital Management — Capital Planning and Stress Testing Process” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for further information about our annual capital plan. As described in “Available Information” below, summary results of the annual stress test are published on our website.
As part of the CCAR process, the FRB evaluates our plan to make capital distributions across a range of macroeconomic and company-specific assumptions, based on our and the FRB’s own stress tests. In December 2024 and February 2025, the FRB indicated that it intends to propose significant changes to the stress test framework in 2025 and, for the 2025 stress test, take steps to reduce the volatility of results and to begin to improve model transparency. Also in December 2024, trade groups representing major U.S. banks, including us, filed a lawsuit against the FRB concerning certain inadequacies with its stress testing process.
Under the FRB’s rule applicable to BHCs with $100 billion or more in total consolidated assets, including us, the SCB applies to the Standardized approach capital requirements. The SCB reflects stressed losses estimated under the supervisory severely adverse scenario of the CCAR stress tests, as calculated by the FRB, and includes four quarters of planned common stock dividends. The SCB, which is subject to a 2.5% floor, is generally effective on October 1 of each year and remains in effect until October 1 of the following year, unless it is reset in connection with the resubmission of a capital plan. See “Available Information” below and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Capital Management and Regulatory Capital” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form