taxing authorities in jurisdictions where the firm has significant business operations, such as the United Kingdom, Japan, Hong Kong and various states, such as New York. The tax years under examination vary by jurisdiction. The firm does not expect completion of these audits to have a material impact on the firm’s financial condition, but it may be material to operating results for a particular period, depending, in part, on the operating results for that period.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
The table below presents the earliest tax years that remain subject to examination by major jurisdiction.
The firm has been accepted into the Compliance Assurance Process (CAP) program by the IRS for each of the tax years from 2013 through 2025. This program allows the firm to work with the IRS to identify and resolve potential U.S. Federal tax issues before the filing of tax returns. All issues addressed through the CAP program for the 2011 through 2018 tax years have been resolved and completion is pending final review by the Joint Committee on Taxation. All issues for the 2019 through 2022 tax years have been resolved and will be effectively settled pending administrative completion by the IRS. Final completion of tax years 2011 through 2022 will not have a material impact on the effective tax rate. The 2023 tax year remains subject to post-filing review. New York State and City examinations of tax years 2015 through 2018 commenced during 2021.
All years, including and subsequent to the years in the table above, remain open to examination by the taxing authorities. The firm believes that the liability for unrecognized tax benefits it has established is adequate in relation to the potential for additional assessments.
Note 25.
Business Segments
The firm manages and reports its activities in
three
business segments: Global Banking & Markets, Asset & Wealth Management and Platform Solutions. These business segments are determined and organized based on products and services provided, and the types of customers and counterparties served. See Note 1 for a description of the firm’s business segments.
The firm’s chief operating decision maker (CODM) is its president and chief operating officer. The CODM makes operating decisions, assesses the performance of, and allocates resources to, the firm’s operating segments principally based on the total net revenues of the segments, revenues net of provision for credit losses, total operating expenses, pre-tax earnings, net earnings applicable to common shareholders and the return on average common equity to assess the performance of the segments. The CODM evaluates segment operating performance against the firm’s targets and industry metrics and considers the current and future business and operating environment.
The accounting policies used to prepare the operating results and other metrics for the segments are consistent with those described in