Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
During the first quarter of 2025, the firm designated commodity futures contracts as fair value hedges of the price risk of certain precious metals included in commodities within trading assets. As of March 2025, the carrying value of such commodities was $
1.30
billion and the amortized cost was $
1.24
billion. Changes in the spot rates of such commodities are reflected as an adjustment to their carrying value, and the related gains/(losses) on both the commodities and the designated futures contracts are included in market making. The contractual forward points on the designated futures contracts are amortized into earnings ratably over the life of the contract and other gains/(losses) as a result of changes in the forward points are included in other comprehensive income/(loss). The cumulative hedging adjustment was not material as of March 2025 and the related gains/(losses) were not material for the three months ended March 2025.
Net Investment Hedges
The firm seeks to reduce the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on its net investments in certain non-U.S. operations through the use of foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency-denominated debt. For foreign currency forward contracts designated as hedges, the effectiveness of the hedge is assessed based on the overall changes in the fair value of the forward contracts (i.e., based on changes in forward rates). For foreign currency-denominated debt designated as a hedge, the effectiveness of the hedge is assessed based on changes in spot rates. For qualifying net investment hedges, all gains or losses on the hedging instruments are included in currency translation.
The table below presents the gains/(losses) from net investment hedging.
Gains or losses on individual net investments in non-U.S. operations are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) to earnings when such net investments are sold or substantially liquidated. The gross and net gains/(losses) reclassified to earnings from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) were
no
t material for both the three months ended March 2025 and March 2024.
The firm had designated $
22.76
billion as of March 2025 and $
22.10
billion as of December 2024 of foreign currency-denominated debt, included in unsecured long- and short-term borrowings, as hedges of net investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries.
Cash Flow Hedges
The firm designates certain interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges. These interest rate swaps hedge the firm’s exposure to the variability of the forecasted cash flows due to changes in the contractually specified interest rates associated with certain floating-rate assets.
The firm applies a statistical method that utilizes regression analysis when assessing hedge effectiveness. A cash flow hedge is considered highly effective in offsetting the variability of the forecasted cash flows attributable to the hedged risk when the regression