guarantees and indemnifications as this depends upon the occurrence of future events, including an assessment of claims that have not yet occurred. However, management believes that it is unlikely the firm will have to make any material payments under these arrangements, and no material liabilities related to these guarantees and indemnifications have been recognized in the consolidated balance sheets as of both March 2025 and December 2024.
Other Representations, Warranties and Indemnifications.
The firm provides representations and warranties to counterparties in connection with a variety of commercial transactions and occasionally indemnifies them against potential losses caused by the breach of those representations and warranties. The firm may also provide indemnifications protecting against changes in or adverse application of certain U.S. tax laws in connection with ordinary-course transactions, such as securities issuances, borrowings or derivatives.
In addition, the firm may provide indemnifications to some counterparties to protect them in the event additional taxes are owed or payments are withheld, due either to a change in or an adverse application of certain non-U.S. tax laws. These indemnifications, as well as indemnifications provided by the firm on other contractual or other obligations, generally are standard contractual terms and are entered into in the ordinary course of business. Generally, there are no stated or notional amounts included in these indemnifications, and the contingencies triggering the obligation to indemnify are not expected to occur. Future changes in tax laws and how such laws would apply to these indemnifications cannot be determined. Therefore, the firm is unable to develop an estimate of the maximum payout under these guarantees and indemnifications. However, management believes that it is unlikely the firm will have to make any material payments under these arrangements, and no material liabilities related to these arrangements have been recognized in the consolidated balance sheets as of both March 2025 and December 2024.
Guarantees of Subsidiaries.
Group Inc. is the entity that fully and unconditionally guarantees the securities issued by GS Finance Corp., a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of the firm. Group Inc. has guaranteed the payment obligations of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (GS&Co.), GS Bank USA and Goldman Sachs Paris Inc. et Cie, subject to certain exceptions. Group Inc. also guarantees many of the obligations of its other consolidated subsidiaries on a transaction-by-transaction basis, as negotiated with counterparties. In addition, Group Inc. has provided guarantees to Goldman Sachs International (GSI) and GSBE related to agreements that each entity has entered into with certain of its counterparties. Given the obligations of the consolidated subsidiaries are recognized in the consolidated balance sheets or reflected as commitments, Group Inc.’s liabilities as guarantor are not separately