assessing hedge effectiveness. A cash flow hedge is considered highly effective in offsetting the variability of the forecasted cash flows attributable to the hedged risk when the regression analysis results in a coefficient of determination of 80% or greater and a slope between 80% and 125%.
For qualifying cash flow hedges, the gains or losses on derivatives are included in “Cash flow hedges” within the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Such gains or losses are reclassified to interest income/expense within the consolidated statements of earnings in the same period that the forecasted hedged cash flows impact earnings.
The gains/(losses) included within other comprehensive income/(loss) and the gains/(losses) reclassified to earnings from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) related to cash flow hedges were not material for 2024 and are not expected to be material for 2025. The maximum length of time over which the forecasted cash flows are hedged is approximately one year.
Note 8.
Investments
Investments includes debt securities classified as available-for-sale and held-to-maturity that are generally held in connection with the firm’s asset-liability management activities. In addition, investments includes equity securities and debt instruments that are accounted for at fair value and equity securities that are accounted for under the equity method that are generally held by the firm in connection with its long-term investing activities.
The table below presents information about investments.
Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2024, as the balances have increased during the year, investments are further disaggregated between available-for-sale securities, held-to-maturity securities and other investments in the consolidated balance sheets and the related cash flows are disaggregated in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Previously, the disaggregation of investments was provided in this footnote. Prior period disclosures have been conformed to the current presentation.
See Note 4 for an overview of the firm’s fair value measurement policies, valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine the fair value of investments, and Note 5 for information about investments within the fair value hierarchy.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Available-for-Sale Securities, at Fair Value
Available-for-sale securities are accounted for at fair value, and the related unrealized fair value gains and losses are included in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) unless designated in a fair value hedging relationship. See Note 7 for information about available-for-sale securities that are designated in a hedging relationship.
The table below presents information about available-for-sale securities by type and tenor.
In the table above:
•
The weighted average yield is presented on a pre-tax basis and computed using the effective interest rate of each security