evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. In addition, no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended March 2025 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1. Legal Proceedings
We are involved in a number of judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of our businesses. Many of these proceedings are in early stages, and many of these cases seek an indeterminate amount of damages. We have estimated the upper end of the range of reasonably possible aggregate loss for matters where we have been able to estimate a range and we believe, based on currently available information, that the results of matters where we have not been able to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, but may be material to our operating results in a given period. Given the range of litigation and investigations presently under way, our litigation expenses may remain high. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Use of Estimates” in Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. See Notes 18 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for information about our reasonably possible aggregate loss estimate and judicial, regulatory and legal proceedings.
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
The table below presents purchases made by or on behalf of Group Inc. or any “affiliated purchaser” (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) of our common stock during the three months ended March 2025.
In the table above, total shares purchased included 997 shares during January 2025 remitted to satisfy statutory withholding taxes related to share-based awards.
During the first quarter of 2025, our Board approved a share repurchase program authorizing repurchases of up to $40 billion of our common stock. This program replaced our previous share repurchase program and has no set expiration or termination date. The share repurchases are effected primarily through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 and accelerated share repurchases), the amounts and timing of which are determined primarily by our current and projected capital position, and capital deployment opportunities, but which may also be influenced by the evolution of current and future regulatory capital requirements, general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of our common stock.
Item 5. Other Information
Rule