cash and securities collateral posted and received under enforceable credit support agreements that do not meet the criteria for netting under U.S. GAAP.
In the tables above:
•
Gross fair values exclude the effects of both counterparty netting and collateral, and therefore are not representative of the firm’s exposure.
•
Amounts presented for collateral not offset in the consolidated balance sheets consists of collateral received or posted in connection with OTC-cleared and bilateral OTC derivatives under enforceable credit support agreements that do not meet the criteria for netting under U.S. GAAP. In addition to collateral presented in the table above, the firm also posts or receives collateral in connection with its transactions with certain exchanges in accordance with the exchanges’ margin requirements. Such collateral may be calculated based on the firm’s total exposure to the respective exchange across all product types, including both derivative and non-derivative instruments. See Note 11 for further information.
•
Total gross fair value of derivatives included derivative assets of
$
7.98
billion
as of March 2025 and $
8.55
billion as of December 2024, a
nd
derivative liabilities of $
11.22
billion as of March 2025 and $
10.84
billion as of December 2024, which are not subject to an enforceable netting agreement or are subject to a netting agreement that the firm has not yet determined to be enforceable. Collateral in connection with such derivatives has not been netted.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
•
Notional amounts, which represent the sum of gross long and short derivative contracts, provide an indication of the volume of the firm’s derivative activity and do not represent anticipated losses.
OTC Derivatives
The table below presents OTC derivative assets and liabilities by tenor and major product type.
In the table above:
•
Tenor is based on the remaining contractual maturity for substantially all OTC derivative assets and liabilities.
•
Counterparty netting within the same product type and tenor category is included within such product type and tenor category.
•
Counterparty netting across product types within the same tenor category is included in counterparty netting in tenors. Where the counterparty netting is across tenor categories, the netting is included in cross-tenor counterparty netting.
See Note 4 for an overview of the firm’s fair value measurement policies, valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine the fair value of derivatives, and Note 5 for further information about derivatives within the fair value hierarchy.
Credit Derivatives
The firm enters into a broad array of credit derivatives to facilitate client transactions and to manage the credit risk associated with market-making and investing and financing activities. Credit derivatives are actively managed based on the firm’s net risk position. Credit derivatives are generally