commitments through credit default swaps, both single-name and index-based contracts.
Warehouse Financing.
The firm provides financing to clients who warehouse financial assets. These arrangements are collateralized by the warehoused assets, primarily consisting of residential real estate, consumer and corporate loans.
Consumer.
The firm’s consumer lending commitments includes:
•
Credit card lines issued by the firm to consumers were $
78.10
billion as of December 2024 and $
70.82
billion as of December 2023. Such credit card lines included $
14.32
billion as of December 2024 and $
14.35
billion as of December 2023 of commitments classified as held for sale in connection with the planned sale of the GM co-branded credit card portfolio. These credit card lines are cancellable by the firm.
•
Commitments to provide unsecured installment loans to consumers were $
2.25
billion as of December 2023 and such commitments were classified as held for sale in connection with the sale of GreenSky. During 2024, the firm completed the sale of GreenSky.
Risk Participations
The firm also risk participates certain of its commercial lending commitments to other financial institutions. In the event of a risk participant’s default, the firm will be responsible to fund the borrower.
Collateralized Agreement Commitments/ Collateralized Financing Commitments
Collateralized agreement commitments includes forward starting resale and securities borrowing agreements, and collateralized financing commitments includes forward starting repurchase and secured lending agreements that settle at a future date. Collateralized agreement commitments also includes transactions where the firm has entered into commitments to provide contingent financing to its clients and counterparties through resale agreements. The firm’s funding of these commitments depends on the satisfaction of all contractual conditions to the resale agreement and these commitments can expire unused.
Investment Commitments
Investment commitments includes commitments to invest in private equity, real estate and other assets directly and through funds that the firm raises and manages. Investment commitments included $
1.10
billion as of December 2024 and $
963
million as of December 2023, related to commitments to invest in funds managed by the firm. If these commitments are called, they would be funded at market value on the date of investment.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Contingencies
Legal Proceedings.
See Note 27 for information about legal proceedings.
Guarantees
The table below presents derivatives that meet the definition of a guarantee, securities lending and clearing guarantees and certain other financial guarantees.
In the table above:
•
The maximum payout is based on the notional amount of the contract and does not represent anticipated losses.
•
Amounts exclude certain commitments to issue standby letters of credit that are included in lending