included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, they would have been classified in level 2 as of both December 2024 and December 2023.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 14.
Unsecured Borrowings
The table below presents information about unsecured borrowings.
Unsecured Short-Term Borrowings
Unsecured short-term borrowings includes the portion of unsecured long-term borrowings maturing within one year of the financial statement date and unsecured long-term borrowings that are redeemable within one year of the financial statement date at the option of the holder.
The firm accounts for certain hybrid financial instruments at fair value under the fair value option. See Note 10 for further information about unsecured short-term borrowings that are accounted for at fair value. In addition, the firm designates certain derivatives as fair value hedges to convert a portion of its unsecured short-term borrowings not accounted for at fair value from fixed-rate obligations into floating-rate obligations. The carrying value of unsecured short-term borrowings that are not recorded at fair value generally approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of the obligations. As these unsecured short-term borrowings are not accounted for at fair value, they are not included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in Notes 4 and 5.
Had these borrowings been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, substantially all would have been classified in level 2 as of both December 2024 and December 2023.
The table below presents information about unsecured short-term borrowings.
In the table above, the weighted average interest rates for these borrowings include the effect of hedging activities and exclude unsecured short-term borrowings accounted for at fair value under the fair value option. See Note 7 for further information about hedging activities.
Unsecured Long-Term Borrowings
The table below presents information about unsecured long-term borrowings.
In the table above:
•
Unsecured long-term borrowings consists principally of senior borrowings, which have maturities extending through 2061.
•
Unsecured long-term borrowings included $
89.19
billion as of December 2024 and $
86.41
billion as of December 2023 of borrowings accounted for at fair value under the fair value option. The carrying value of unsecured long-term borrowings for which the firm did not elect the fair value option was $
153.44
billion as of December 2024 and $
155.47
billion as of December 2023. The estimated fair value of such unsecured long-term borrowings was $
156.31
billion as of December 2024 and $
157.75
billion as of December 2023. As these borrowings are not accounted for at fair value, they are not included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in Notes 4 and 5. Had these borrowings been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, substantially all would have been classified in level 2 as of both December 2024 and December 2023.
•