In the table above, the aggregate contractual principal amount of loans on nonaccrual status and/or more than 90 days past due (which excludes loans carried at zero fair value and considered uncollectible) exceeds the related fair value primarily because the firm regularly purchases loans, such as distressed loans, at values significantly below the contractual principal amounts.
The total contractual amount of unfunded lending commitments for which the fair value option was elected was $
568
million as of December 2024 and $
878
million as of December 2023, and the related fair value of these lending commitments was not material as of both December 2024 and December 2023. See Note 18 for further information about lending commitments.
Impact of Credit Spreads on Loans and Lending Commitments
The estimated net loss attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit spreads on loans and lending commitments for which the fair value option was elected was not material for 2024, $
125
million for 2023 and $
281
million for 2022.
The firm generally calculates the fair value of loans and lending commitments for which the fair value option is elected by discounting future cash flows at a rate which incorporates the instrument-specific credit spreads. For floating-rate loans and lending commitments, substantially all changes in fair value are attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit spreads, whereas for fixed-rate loans and lending commitments, changes in fair value are also attributable to changes in interest rates.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 11.
Collateralized Agreements and Financings
Collateralized agreements are resale agreements and securities borrowed. Collateralized financings are repurchase agreements, securities loaned and other secured financings. The firm enters into these transactions in order to, among other things, facilitate client activities, invest excess cash, acquire securities to cover short positions and finance certain firm activities.
Collateralized agreements and financings with the same settlement date are presented on a net-by-counterparty basis when such transactions meet certain settlement criteria and are subject to netting agreements. Interest on collateralized agreements, which is included in interest income, and collateralized financings, which is included in interest expense, is recognized over the life of the transaction. See Note 23 for further information about interest income and interest expense.
Resale and Repurchase Agreements
A resale agreement is a transaction in which the firm purchases financial instruments from a seller, typically in exchange for cash, and simultaneously enters into an agreement to resell the same or substantially the same financial instruments to the seller at a stated price plus accrued interest at a future date.
A repurchase agreement is a transaction in which the firm sells financial instruments to a buyer,