involvement with transferred financial assets are initially recognized at fair value. For transfers of financial assets that are not accounted for as sales, the assets are generally included in trading assets and the transfer is accounted for as a collateralized financing, with the related interest expense recognized over the life of the transaction. See Note 11 for further information about transfers of financial assets accounted for as collateralized financings and Note 16 for further information about transfers of financial assets accounted for as sales.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The firm defines cash equivalents as highly liquid overnight deposits held in the ordinary course of business. Cash and cash equivalents included cash and due from banks of $
5.36
billion as of December 2024 and $
7.93
billion as of December 2023. Cash and cash equivalents also included interest-bearing deposits with banks of $
176.73
billion as of December 2024 and $
233.65
billion as of December 2023.
The firm segregates cash for regulatory and other purposes related to client activity. Cash and cash equivalents segregated for regulatory and other purposes were $
14.84
billion as of December 2024 and $
17.08
billion as of December 2023. In addition, the firm segregates securities for regulatory and other purposes related to client activity. See Note 11 for further information about segregated securities.
Customer and Other Receivables
Customer and other receivables included receivables from customers and counterparties of $
92.88
billion as of December 2024 and $
90.16
billion as of December 2023, and receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations of $
40.84
billion as of December 2024 and $
42.33
billion as of December 2023. Such receivables primarily consist of customer margin loans, collateral posted in connection with certain derivative transactions, and receivables resulting from unsettled transactions.
Substantially all of these receivables are accounted for at amortized cost net of any allowance for credit losses, which generally approximates fair value. As these receivables are not accounted for at fair value, they are not included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in Notes 4 and 5. Had these receivables been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, substantially all would have been classified in level 2 as of both December 2024 and December 2023. See Note 10 for further information about customer and other receivables accounted for at fair value under the fair value option. Interest on customer and other receivables is recognized over the life of the transaction and included in interest income.
Customer and other receivables includes receivables from contracts with clients and contract assets. Contract assets represent the firm’s right to receive consideration for services provided in connection with its contracts with clients for which collection is conditional and not merely subject to the passage of time. The firm’s receivables from