hedges of the foreign exchange risk of non-U.S. government securities classified as available-for-sale. See Note 8 for information about the amortized cost and fair value of such securities. The effectiveness of such hedges is assessed based on changes in spot rates. The gains/(losses) on the hedges (relating to both spot and forward points) and the foreign exchange gains/(losses) on the related available-for-sale securities are included in market making. The net gains/(losses) on hedges and the related hedged available-for-sale securities were
no
t material for 2024, were $(
2
) million (reflecting a loss of $
127
million related to hedges and a gain of $
125
million on the related hedged available-for-sale securities) for 2023 and were $(
30
) million (reflecting a gain of $
266
million related to hedges and a loss of $
296
million on the related hedged available-for-sale securities) for 2022.
Net Investment Hedges
The firm seeks to reduce the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on its net investments in certain non-U.S. operations through the use of foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency-denominated debt. For foreign currency forward contracts designated as hedges, the effectiveness of the hedge is assessed based on the overall changes in the fair value of the forward contracts (i.e., based on changes in forward rates). For foreign currency-denominated debt designated as a hedge, the effectiveness of the hedge is assessed based on changes in spot rates. For qualifying net investment hedges, all gains or losses on the hedging instruments are included in currency translation.
The table below presents the gains/(losses) from net investment hedging.
Gains or losses on individual net investments in non-U.S. operations are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) to earnings when such net investments are sold or substantially liquidated. The gross and net gains/(losses) reclassified to earnings from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) were
no
t material for 2024, were $(
49
) million (reflecting a gain of $
90
million related to hedges and a loss of $
139
million on the related net investments in non-U.S. operations) for 2023 and were
not
material for 2022.
The firm had designated $
22.10
billion as of December 2024 and $
27.52
billion as of December 2023 of foreign currency-denominated debt, included in unsecured long- and short-term borrowings, as hedges of net investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Cash Flow Hedges
During the fourth quarter of 2024, the firm designated certain interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges. These interest rate swaps hedge the firm’s exposure to the variability of the forecasted cash flows due to changes in the contractually specified interest rates associated with certain floating-rate assets.
The firm applies a statistical method that utilizes regression analysis when