variety of structures, including separately managed accounts, mutual funds, private partnerships and other commingled vehicles.
We also provide customized investment advisory solutions designed to address our clients’ investment needs. These solutions begin with identifying clients’ objectives and continue through portfolio construction, ongoing asset allocation and risk management and investment realization. We draw from a variety of third-party managers, as well as our proprietary offerings, to implement solutions for clients.
We also provide tailored wealth advisory services, primarily to ultra-high-net worth clients. We operate globally, serving individuals, families, family offices, and foundations and endowments. Our relationships are established directly or introduced through companies that sponsor financial wellness or financial planning programs for their employees, as well as through corporate referrals.
We offer personalized financial planning to individuals and also provide customized investment advisory solutions, and offer structuring and execution capabilities in securities and derivative products across all major global markets. In addition, we offer clients a full range of private banking services, including a variety of deposit alternatives and loans that our clients use to finance investments in both financial and nonfinancial assets, bridge cash flow timing gaps or provide liquidity and flexibility for other needs. We also raise deposits from consumers through
Marcus by Goldman Sachs
(Marcus).
We invest alongside our clients that invest in investment funds that we raise or manage. We also have investments in alternative assets across a range of asset classes. Our investing activities, which are typically longer-term, include investments in corporate equity, credit, real estate and infrastructure assets. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Results of Operations — Asset & Wealth Management” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for information about our targets to reduce our historical principal investments.
Asset & Wealth Management generates revenues from the following:
•
Management and other fees.
We receive fees related to managing assets for institutional and individual clients, providing investing and wealth advisory solutions, providing financial planning and counseling services, and executing brokerage transactions for wealth management clients. The vast majority of revenues in management and other fees consists of asset-based fees on client assets that we manage. The fees that we charge vary by asset class, client channel and the types of services provided, and are affected by investment performance, as well as asset inflows and redemptions.
•
Incentive fees.
In certain circumstances, we also receive incentive fees based on a percentage of a fund’s or a separately managed account’s return, or when the return exceeds a specified benchmark or other performance