relating to marketing, origination, servicing and collections activities in our consumer businesses. In addition, our U.K. consumer deposit-taking activities are subject to U.K. consumer protection laws and regulations.
Compensation Practices
Our compensation practices are subject to oversight by the FRB and, with respect to some of our subsidiaries and employees, by other regulatory bodies worldwide.
The FSB has released standards for implementation by local regulators that are designed to encourage sound compensation practices at banks and other financial companies. The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have also provided guidance designed to ensure that incentive compensation arrangements at banking organizations take into account risk and are consistent with safe and sound practices. The guidance sets forth the following three key principles with respect to incentive compensation arrangements: (i) the arrangements should provide employees with incentives that appropriately balance risk and financial results in a manner that does not encourage employees to expose their organizations to imprudent risk; (ii) the arrangements should be compatible with effective controls and risk management; and (iii) the arrangements should be supported by strong corporate governance. The guidance provides that supervisory findings with respect to incentive compensation will be incorporated, as appropriate, into the organization’s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or perform other actions. The guidance also notes that enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements or related risk management, control or governance processes pose a risk to the organization’s safety and soundness.
The Dodd-Frank Act requires U.S. financial regulators, including the FRB and SEC, to adopt rules on incentive-based payment arrangements at specified regulated entities having at least $1 billion in total assets. The U.S. financial regulators proposed revised rules in 2016, which have not been finalized. In accordance with an SEC rule, securities exchanges have adopted rules mandating, in the case of a restatement, the recovery or “clawback” of excess incentive-based compensation paid to current or former executive officers and requiring listed issuers to disclose any recovery analysis where recovery is triggered by a restatement.
The NYDFS’ guidance emphasizes that any incentive compensation arrangements tied to employee performance indicators at banking institutions regulated by the NYDFS, including GS Bank USA, must be subject to effective risk management, oversight and control.
In the E.U., certain provisions in the CRR and CRD are designed to meet the FSB’s compensation standards. These provisions limit the ratio of variable to fixed compensation of all employees at GSBE and of certain employees at our other operating subsidiaries in the E.U., including those employees identified as