primarily reflecting a decrease in level 3 investments. See Note 5 for further information about level 3 financial assets (including information about unrealized gains and losses related to level 3 financial assets and transfers into and out of level 3).
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The valuation techniques and nature of significant inputs used to determine the fair value of the firm’s financial instruments are described below. See Note 5 for further information about significant unobservable inputs used to value level 3 financial instruments.
Valuation Techniques and Significant Inputs for Trading Cash Instruments, Investments and Loans
Level 1.
Level 1 instruments include U.S. government obligations, most non-U.S. government obligations, certain agency obligations, certain corporate debt instruments, certain money market instruments and actively traded listed equities.
These instruments are valued using quoted prices for identical unrestricted instruments in active markets. The firm defines active markets for equity instruments based on the average daily trading volume both in absolute terms and relative to the market capitalization for the instrument. The firm defines active markets for debt instruments based on both the average daily trading volume and the number of days with trading activity.
Level 2.
Level 2 instruments include certain non-U.S. government obligations, most agency obligations, most mortgage-backed loans and securities, most corporate debt instruments, most state and municipal obligations, most money market instruments, most other debt obligations, restricted or less liquid listed equities, certain private equities, commodities and certain lending commitments.
Valuations of level 2 instruments can be verified to quoted prices, recent trading activity for identical or similar instruments, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. Consideration is given to the nature of the quotations (e.g., indicative or executable) and the relationship of recent market activity to the prices provided from alternative pricing sources.
Valuation adjustments are typically made to level 2 instruments (i) if the instrument is subject to transfer restrictions and/or (ii) for other premiums and liquidity discounts that a market participant would require to arrive at fair value. Valuation adjustments are generally based on market evidence.
Level 3.
Level 3 instruments have one or more significant valuation inputs that are not observable. Absent evidence to the contrary, level 3 instruments are initially valued at transaction price, which is considered to be the best initial estimate of fair value. Subsequently, the firm uses other methodologies to determine fair value, which vary based on the type of instrument. Valuation inputs and assumptions are changed when corroborated by substantive observable evidence, including values