all of the firm’s derivatives were included in Global Banking & Markets.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The tables below present the gross fair value and the notional amounts of derivative contracts by major product type, the amounts of counterparty and cash collateral netting in the consolidated balance sheets, as well as cash and securities collateral posted and received under enforceable credit support agreements that do not meet the criteria for netting under U.S. GAAP.
In the tables above:
•
Gross fair values exclude the effects of both counterparty netting and collateral, and therefore are not representative of the firm’s exposure.
•
Amounts presented for collateral not offset in the consolidated balance sheets consists of collateral received or posted in connection with OTC-cleared and bilateral OTC derivatives under enforceable credit support agreements that do not meet the criteria for netting under U.S. GAAP. In addition to collateral presented in the table above, the firm also posts or receives collateral in connection with its transactions with certain exchanges in accordance with the exchanges’ margin requirements. Such collateral may be calculated based on the firm’s total exposure to the respective exchange across all product types, including both derivative and non-derivative instruments. See Note 11 for further information about collateral received and pledged.
•
Total gross fair value of derivatives included derivative assets of
$
8.55
billion
as of December 2024 and $
8.98
billion as of December 2023, a
nd
derivative liabilities of $
10.84
billion as of December 2024 and $
16.03
billion as of December 2023, which are not subject to an enforceable netting agreement or are subject to a netting agreement that the firm has not yet determined to be enforceable. The collateral received or posted in connection with such derivative agreements has not been netted.
•
Notional amounts, which represent the sum of gross long and short derivative contracts, provide an indication of the volume of the firm’s derivative activity and do not represent anticipated losses.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
•
During 2024, as permitted under the rules of a clearing organization in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), the firm elected to settle its transactions with this clearing organization on a daily basis. The impact of reflecting transactions with this clearing organization as settled would have been a reduction in gross derivative assets of $
64.19
billion and a reduction in gross derivative liabilities of $
62.86
billion as of December 2023, and a corresponding decrease in counterparty and cash collateral netting, with no impact to the consolidated balance sheets.
OTC Derivatives
The table below presents OTC derivative assets and liabilities by tenor and major product type.
In the table above:
•
Tenor is based on the remaining