practices, the use and safekeeping of clients’ funds and securities, capital structure, record-keeping, the financing of clients’ purchases, and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. In the U.S., the SEC is the federal agency responsible for the administration of the federal securities laws.
U.S. state securities and other U.S. regulators also have regulatory or oversight authority over GS&Co. For a description of net capital requirements applicable to GS&Co., see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Capital Management and Regulatory Capital — Subsidiary Capital Requirements — U.S. Regulated Broker-Dealer Subsidiaries” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K.
The SEC requires lenders of securities to provide the material terms of securities lending transactions to FINRA and for FINRA to make certain terms publicly available. Reporting under this requirement will begin in January 2026.
The SEC requires broker-dealers to act in the best interest of their retail customers. SEC rules require broker-dealers to provide a standardized, short-form disclosure highlighting services offered, applicable standards of conduct, fees and costs, the differences between brokerage and advisory services, and any conflicts of interest. In addition, several states have adopted or proposed adopting uniform fiduciary duty standards applicable to broker-dealers.
The SEC has proposed four rules to reform the U.S. equity market structure, two of which have been adopted. In 2024, the SEC adopted a rule, effective December 2025, to revise and expand reporting and disclosure requirements relating to execution quality. In 2024, the SEC also adopted a rule to update the minimum pricing increments, with variable price increments based on the trading characteristics of stocks. In December 2024, the SEC stayed the implementation of this rule, which would apply starting in November 2025, pending the outcome of litigation challenging the rule.
The SEC, FINRA and regulators in various non-U.S. jurisdictions have imposed both conduct-based and disclosure-based requirements with respect to research reports and research analysts and may impose additional regulations.
The SEC prohibits participants involved in the creation of asset-backed securities, including any underwriter, placement agent, initial purchaser or sponsor of an asset-backed security (or any affiliate or subsidiary), from engaging in any transaction that involves or results in a material conflict of interest between the securitization participant and an investor in an asset-backed security, including reducing its exposure to the asset-backed securities, subject to certain exceptions.
The SEC requires that SEC-registered clearing agencies set up policies and procedures that would, among other things, require many market participants to clear cash and repurchase transactions involving U.S. Treasury securities through such a clearing agency by December 2025 for