against investors and countries outside Russia and has proposed additional measures aimed at non-Russian owned businesses. Businesses in the U.S. and globally have experienced shortages in materials and increased costs for transportation, energy, and raw materials due in part to the negative effects of the conflict on the global economy.
The conflicts in the Middle East could also affect and harm our business and increase market uncertainty. The impact of these conflicts on our business and operations is uncertain and therefore cannot be predicted.
The escalation or continuation of these conflicts or other hostilities could result in, among other things, an increased risk of cyber attacks, an increased frequency and volume of failures to settle securities transactions, supply chain disruptions, higher inflation, lower consumer demand and increased volatility in commodity, currency and other financial markets. The extent and duration of the conflicts, sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, and the consequences for our business could be significant. If international political instability and geopolitical tensions continue or increase in any region in which we do business, our business and results of operations could be harmed. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management — Credit Risk Management — Selected Exposures — Country Exposures” for further information about our credit exposure to Russia and Ukraine.
Certain of our businesses and our funding instruments may be adversely affected by changes in reference rates, currencies, indexes, baskets or ETFs to which products we offer or funding that we raise are linked.
Many of the products that we own or that we offer, such as structured notes, warrants, swaps or security-based swaps, pay interest or determine the principal amount to be paid at maturity or in the event of default by reference to rates or by reference to an index, currency, basket, ETF or other financial metric (the underlier). In the event that the composition of the underlier is significantly changed, by reference to rules governing such underlier or otherwise, the underlier ceases to exist (for example, in the event that a country withdraws from the Euro or links its currency to or delinks its currency from another currency or benchmark, an index or ETF sponsor materially alters the composition of an index or ETF, or stocks in a basket are delisted or become impermissible to be included in the index or ETF), the underlier ceases to be recognized as an acceptable market benchmark or there are legal or regulatory constraints on linking a financial instrument to the underlier, we may experience adverse effects.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused by escalating tensions between the U.S. and