term other secured financings, for which the fair value option was elected was
no
t material as of both March 2025 and December 2024.
The aggregate contractual principal amount of unsecured long-term borrowings, for which the fair value option was elected, exceeded the related fair value by $
3.68
billion as of March 2025 and $
4.23
billion as of December 2024.
These debt instruments include both principal-protected and non-principal-protected long-term borrowings.
Debt Valuation Adjustment
The firm calculates the fair value of financial liabilities for which the fair value option is elected by discounting future cash flows at a rate which incorporates the firm’s credit spreads.
The table below presents information about the net debt valuation adjustment (DVA) gains/(losses) on financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected.
In the table above:
•
After-tax DVA is included in debt valuation adjustment in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
•
The gains/(losses) reclassified to market making in the consolidated statements of earnings from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) upon extinguishment of such financial liabilities were not material for both the three months ended March 2025 and March 2024.
Loans and Lending Commitments
The table below presents the difference between the aggregate fair value and the aggregate contractual principal amount for loans (included in trading assets and loans in the consolidated balance sheets) for which the fair value option was elected.
In the table above, the aggregate contractual principal amount of loans on nonaccrual status and/or more than 90 days past due (which excludes loans carried at zero fair value and considered uncollectible) exceeds the related fair value primarily because the firm regularly purchases loans, such as distressed loans, at values significantly below the contractual principal amounts.
The total contractual amount of unfunded lending commitments for which the fair value option was elected was $
934
million as of March 2025 and $
568
million as of December 2024, and the related fair value of these lending commitments was not material as of both March 2025 and December 2024. See Note 18 for further information about lending commitments.
Impact of Credit Spreads on Loans and Lending Commitments
The estimated net loss attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit spreads on loans and lending commitments for which the fair value option was elected was
no
t material for both the three months ended March 2025 and March 2024.
The firm generally calculates the fair value of loans and lending commitments for which the fair value option is elected by discounting future cash flows at a rate which incorporates the instrument-specific credit spreads. For floating-rate loans and lending commitments, substantially all changes in fair value are attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit spreads, whereas for fixed-rate loans and lending