importance has been highlighted by (i) numerous highly publicized events in recent years, including cyber attacks against financial institutions, governmental agencies, large consumer-based companies, software and information technology service providers and other organizations, some of which have resulted in the unauthorized access to or disclosure of personal information and other sensitive or confidential information, the theft and destruction of corporate information, requests for ransom payments, and disruptions to organizations’ operations, (ii) extreme weather events and (iii) the COVID-19 pandemic. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management — Cybersecurity Risk Management” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for further information about cybersecurity.
Our Business Continuity & Technology Resilience Program has been developed to provide reasonable assurance of business continuity in the event of disruptions at our critical facilities or of our systems, and to comply with regulatory requirements, including those of FINRA. Because we are a BHC, our Business Continuity & Technology Resilience Program is also subject to review by the FRB. The key elements of the program are crisis management, business continuity, technology resilience, business recovery, assurance and verification, and process improvement. In the area of information security, we have developed and implemented a framework of principles, policies and technology designed to protect the information provided to us by our clients and our own information from cyber attacks and other misappropriation, corruption or loss. Safeguards are designed to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Human Capital Management
Our people are our greatest asset. We believe that a major strength and principal reason for our success is the quality, dedication, determination and collaboration of our people, which enables us to serve our clients, generate long-term value for our shareholders and contribute to the broader community.
Our Workforce
Our goal is to attract, retain, and promote an exceptionally skilled workforce. We invest heavily in developing and supporting our people throughout their careers, and we strive to maintain a work environment that fosters professionalism, excellence, high standards of business ethics, teamwork and cooperation among our employees worldwide.
We believe that the diversity of our workforce, including diversity of perspectives, enhances our performance-based culture and is critical to our commercial success. We previously set forth five-year aspirational hiring and representation goals which expire in 2025, and we are proud of the progress we have made. We remain focused on the importance of attracting and retaining diverse exceptional talent. In that connection, we will continue to develop programs consistent with our