where we see an opportunity to proactively engage our clients and investors, deploy capital required for transition, and invest in new commercial solutions to facilitate decarbonization in the real economy. Carbon neutrality is also a priority for the operation of our firm. We have been carbon neutral in our operations and business travel since 2015 through a combination of emissions reduction efforts and the procurement of Energy Attribute Certificates and third-party-verified carbon offsets. We have since expanded our operational carbon commitment to include our supply chain, prioritizing emissions reductions.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
In addition to Climate Transition, our approach to sustainability also centers on Inclusive Growth where we seek to help drive solutions that expand access, increase affordability, and support outcomes to advance sustainable economic growth. Commercial solutions that seek to support Inclusive Growth include, among others, those of our Urban Investment Group and our Sustainable Investing Group. We also seek to support Inclusive Growth through our corporate engagement programs, such as
10,000 Small Businesses, 10,000 Women
and
One Million Black Women
. These efforts are further strengthened by strategic partnerships that we have established in areas where we have identified gaps or believe we are able to drive even greater impact through collaboration. We believe our ability to achieve our sustainability objectives is critically dependent on the strengths and talents of our people. See “Business — Human Capital Management” for information about our human capital management programs and policies.
Competition
The financial services industry and all of our businesses are intensely competitive, and we expect them to remain so. Our competitors provide investment banking, market-making and asset management services, private banking and lending, commercial lending, credit cards, transaction banking, deposit-taking and other banking products and services, and make investments in securities, commodities, derivatives, real estate, loans and other financial assets. Our competitors include brokers and dealers, investment banking firms, commercial banks, credit card issuers, insurance companies, investment advisers, mutual funds, hedge funds, private equity funds, private credit funds, merchant banks and financial technology and other internet-based companies. Some of our competitors operate globally and others regionally, and we compete based on a number of factors, including transaction execution, client experience, products and services, innovation, reputation and price.
We have faced, and expect to continue to face, pressure to retain market share by committing capital to businesses or transactions on terms that offer returns that may not be commensurate with their risks. In particular, corporate clients seek such commitments (such as agreements to participate in their loan facilities) from financial