thresholds. In addition, upon the occurrence of a specified trigger event, the firm may take possession of the reference obligations underlying a particular written credit derivative, and consequently may, upon liquidation of the reference obligations, recover amounts on the underlying reference obligations in the event of default.
The table below presents information about credit derivatives.
In the table above:
•
Fair values exclude the effects of both netting of receivable balances with payable balances under enforceable netting agreements, and netting of cash received or posted under enforceable credit support agreements, and therefore are not representative of the firm’s credit exposure.
•
Tenor is based on the remaining contractual maturity for substantially all written credit derivatives.
•
The credit spread on the underlier, together with the tenor of the contract, are indicators of payment/performance risk. The firm is less likely to pay or otherwise be required to perform where the credit spread and the tenor are lower.
•
Offsetting purchased credit derivatives represent the notional amount of purchased credit derivatives that economically hedge written credit derivatives with identical underliers.
•
Other purchased credit derivatives represent the notional amount of all other purchased credit derivatives not included in offsetting.
•
Written and purchased credit derivatives primarily consist of credit default swaps.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Impact of Credit and Funding Spreads on Derivatives
The firm realizes gains or losses on its derivative contracts. These gains or losses include credit valuation adjustments (CVAs) relating to uncollateralized derivative assets and liabilities, which represent the gains or losses (including hedges) attributable to the impact of changes in credit exposure, counterparty credit spreads, liability funding spreads (which include the firm’s own credit), probability of default and assumed recovery. These gains or losses also include funding valuation adjustments (FVA) relating to uncollateralized derivative assets, which represent the gains or losses (including hedges) attributable to the impact of changes in expected funding exposures and funding spreads.
The table below presents information about CVA and FVA.
Bifurcated Embedded Derivatives
The table below presents the fair value and the notional amount of derivatives that have been bifurcated from their related borrowings.
In the table above, derivatives that have been bifurcated from their related borrowings are recorded at fair value and primarily consist of interest rate, equity and commodity products. These derivatives are included in unsecured short- and long-term borrowings, as well as other secured financings, with the related borrowings.
Derivatives with Credit-Related Contingent Features
Certain of the firm’s derivatives have been transacted under bilateral agreements