services firms in connection with investment banking and other assignments.
Consolidation and convergence have significantly increased the capital base and geographic reach of some of our competitors and have also hastened the globalization of the securities and other financial services markets. As a result, we have had to commit capital to support our international operations and to execute large global transactions. To capitalize on some of our most significant opportunities, we will have to compete successfully with financial institutions that are larger and have more capital and that may have a stronger local presence and longer operating history outside the U.S.
We also compete with smaller institutions that offer more targeted services, such as independent advisory firms. Some clients may perceive these firms to be less susceptible to potential conflicts of interest than we are, and, as described below, our ability to effectively compete with them could be affected by regulations and limitations on activities that apply to us but may not apply to them.
A number of our businesses are subject to intense price competition. Efforts by our competitors to gain market share have resulted in pricing pressure in our investment banking, market-making, consumer, wealth management and asset management businesses. For example, the increasing volume of trades executed electronically, through the internet and through alternative trading systems, has increased the pressure on trading commissions, in that commissions for electronic trading are generally lower than those for non-electronic trading. It appears that this trend toward low-commission trading will continue. Price competition has also led to compression in the difference between the price at which a market participant is willing to sell an instrument and the price at which another market participant is willing to buy it (i.e., bid/offer spread), which has affected our market-making businesses. The increasing prevalence of passive investment strategies that typically have lower fees than other strategies we offer has affected the competitive and pricing dynamics for our asset management products and services. In addition, we believe that we will continue to experience competitive pressures in these and other areas in the future as some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by further reducing prices, and as we enter into or expand our presence in markets that rely more heavily on electronic trading and execution. We and other banks also compete for deposits on the basis of the rates we offer. Higher short-term interest rates in recent years have resulted in and may continue to result in more intense competition in deposit pricing, as well as competition from non-deposit financial products.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
We also compete on the basis of the types of financial products and client experiences that we and our competitors offer. In some circumstances, our