in GSIB, a regulated U.K. bank. Group Inc. also provides financing, directly or indirectly, in the form of: $131.82 billion of unsubordinated loans (including secured loans of $59.97 billion) and $32.92 billion of collateral and cash deposits to these entities as of December 2024. In addition, as of December 2024, Group Inc. had significant amounts of capital invested in and loans to its other regulated subsidiaries.
Contingency Funding Plan.
We maintain a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. Our contingency funding plan outlines a list of potential risk factors, key reports and metrics that are reviewed on an ongoing basis to assist in assessing the severity of, and managing through, a liquidity crisis and/or market dislocation. The contingency funding plan also describes in detail our potential responses if our assessments indicate that we have entered a liquidity crisis, which include pre-funding for what we estimate will be our potential cash and collateral needs, as well as utilizing secondary sources of liquidity. Mitigants and action items to address specific risks which may arise are also described and assigned to individuals responsible for execution.
The contingency funding plan identifies key groups of individuals and their responsibilities, which include fostering effective coordination, control and distribution of information, implementing liquidity maintenance activities and managing internal and external communication, all of which are critical in the management of a crisis or period of market stress.
Stress Tests
In order to determine the appropriate size of our GCLA, we model liquidity outflows over a range of scenarios and time horizons. One of our primary internal liquidity risk models, referred to as the Modeled Liquidity Outflow, quantifies our liquidity risks over a 30-day stress scenario. We also consider other factors, including, but not limited to, an assessment of our potential intraday liquidity needs through an additional internal liquidity risk model, referred to as the Intraday Liquidity Model, the results of our long-term stress testing models, our resolution liquidity models and other applicable regulatory requirements and a qualitative assessment of our condition, as well as the financial markets. The results of the Modeled Liquidity Outflow, the Intraday Liquidity Model, the long-term stress testing models and the resolution liquidity models are reported to senior management on a regular basis. We also perform firmwide stress tests. See “Overview and Structure of Risk Management” for information about firmwide stress tests.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Modeled Liquidity Outflow.
Our Modeled Liquidity Outflow is based on conducting multiple scenarios that include combinations of market-wide and firm-specific stress. These scenarios are characterized by the