terms, can negatively impact our ability to hire and retain highly qualified employees.
Competition from within the financial services industry and from businesses outside the financial services industry, including the technology industry, for qualified employees has often been intense. We have experienced increased competition in hiring and retaining employees to address the demands of our consumer-oriented businesses and our technology initiatives. This is also the case in emerging and growth markets, where we are often competing for qualified employees with entities that have a significantly greater presence or more extensive experience in the region.
Laws or regulations in jurisdictions in which our operations are located that affect taxes on our employees’ income or the amount or composition of compensation, or that require us to disclose our or our competitors’ compensation practices, may also adversely affect our ability to hire and retain qualified employees in those jurisdictions.
As described further in “Business — Regulation —Compensation Practices” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K, our compensation practices are subject to review by, and the standards of, the FRB. As a large global financial and banking institution, we are subject to limitations on compensation practices (which may or may not affect the companies with which we compete for talent) by the FRB, the PRA, the FCA, the FDIC and other regulators worldwide. These limitations have shaped our compensation practices, which has, in some cases, adversely affected our ability to attract and retain talented employees, in particular in relation to companies not subject to these limitations, and future legislation or regulation may have similar adverse effects.
Our operating expenses and efficiency ratio depend, in part, on our overall headcount and the proportion of our employees located in strategic locations. Our future human capital resource requirements and the benefits provided by strategic locations are uncertain, and we may not realize the benefits we anticipate.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Market Developments and General Business Environment
Our businesses, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations have been and may in the future be adversely affected by unforeseen or catastrophic events, including pandemics, terrorist attacks, wars, extreme weather events or other natural disasters.
The occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including pandemics or other widespread health emergencies (or concerns over the possibility of such an emergency), terrorist attacks, wars, extreme weather events, solar events or other natural disasters, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. These events could have such effects through economic or financial market disruptions or challenging economic or market conditions more generally, the deterioration of our creditworthiness or that of our