INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The table below presents our Platform Solutions operating results.
Our target is to achieve pre-tax breakeven by the end of 2025 for Platform Solutions.
Operating Environment.
The operating environment for Platform Solutions is mainly impacted by the economic environment in the U.S., which, during 2024, was generally characterized by concerns about inflation (although some measures had begun to improve), a continued low rate of unemployment and a slight increase in the pace of growth in consumer spending compared with 2023.
In the future, if economic conditions deteriorate, it may lead to a decrease in consumer spending or a deterioration in consumer credit, and net revenues and provision for credit losses in Platform Solutions would likely be negatively impacted.
2024 versus 2023.
Net revenues in Platform Solutions were $2.43 billion for 2024, 2% higher than 2023.
Notwithstanding our strategic decision to narrow the focus on consumer-related activities, Consumer platforms net revenues were slightly higher compared with 2023, reflecting higher average credit card balances and higher average deposit balances, largely offset by the impact of the planned transition of the GM credit card program to another issuer. Transaction banking and other net revenues were lower, primarily reflecting lower net revenues related to the seller financing loan portfolio that was sold during 2024. See “Regulatory and Other Matters — Other Matters — Narrowing our Focus on Consumer-Related Activities” for further information.
Provision for credit losses was $1.54 billion for 2024, compared with $1.14 billion for 2023. Provisions for 2024 reflected net provisions related to the credit card portfolio (primarily driven by net charge-offs). The net provision for 2023 reflected net provisions related to the credit card portfolio (primarily driven by net charge-offs), partially offset by a net release related to the GreenSky loan portfolio (including a reserve reduction related to the transfer of the portfolio to held for sale).
Operating expenses were $1.96 billion for 2024, 43% lower than 2023, primarily due to the write-down of identifiable intangible assets related to GreenSky and an impairment of goodwill related to Consumer platforms in the prior year period. Pre-tax loss was $1.08 billion for 2024, compared with a pre-tax loss of $2.18 billion for 2023.
Geographic Data
See Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of our total net revenues, pre-tax earnings and net earnings by geographic region.
Balance Sheet and Funding Sources
Balance Sheet Management
One of our risk management disciplines is our ability to manage the size and composition of our balance sheet. While our asset base changes due to client activity, market fluctuations and business opportunities, the size and composition of our balance sheet also reflects factors, including (i) our overall risk tolerance, (ii) the amount of