of a BHC or IDI.
The Dodd-Frank Act created a resolution regime, OLA, for BHCs and their affiliates that are systemically important. Under OLA, the FDIC may be appointed as receiver for the systemically important institution and its failed non-bank subsidiaries if, upon the recommendation of applicable regulators, the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury determines, among other things, that the institution is in default or in danger of default, that the institution’s failure would have serious adverse effects on the U.S. financial system and that resolution under OLA would avoid or mitigate those effects.
If the FDIC is appointed as receiver under OLA, then the powers of the receiver, and the rights and obligations of creditors and other parties who have dealt with the institution, would be determined under OLA, and not under the bankruptcy or insolvency law that would otherwise apply. The powers of the receiver under OLA are generally based on the powers of the FDIC as receiver for depository institutions under the FDIA, described below.
Substantial differences in the rights of creditors exist between OLA and the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, including the right of the FDIC under OLA to disregard the strict priority of creditor claims in some circumstances, the use of an administrative claims procedure to determine creditors’ claims (as opposed to the judicial procedure utilized in bankruptcy proceedings), and the right of the FDIC to transfer claims to a “bridge” entity. In addition, OLA limits the ability of creditors to enforce certain contractual cross-defaults against affiliates of the institution in receivership. The FDIC has issued a notice that it would likely resolve a failed FHC by transferring its assets to a “bridge” holding company under its “single point of entry” or “SPOE” strategy pursuant to OLA.
Under the FDIA, if the FDIC is appointed as conservator or receiver for an IDI such as GS Bank USA, upon its insolvency or in certain other events, the FDIC has broad powers, including the power:
•
To transfer any of the IDI’s assets and liabilities to a new obligor, including a newly formed “bridge” bank, without the approval of the depository institution’s creditors;
•
To enforce the IDI’s contracts pursuant to their terms without regard to any provisions triggered by the appointment of the FDIC in that capacity; or
•
To repudiate or disaffirm any contract or lease to which the IDI is a party, the performance of which is determined by the FDIC to be burdensome and the repudiation or disaffirmance of which is determined by the FDIC to promote the orderly administration of the IDI.
In addition, the claims of holders of domestic deposit liabilities and certain claims for administrative expenses against an IDI would be afforded a priority over other general unsecured claims, including deposits at non-U.S. branches and claims of debtholders of the IDI, in the “liquidation or other resolution” of such an institution by any receiver. As a result, whether