with counterparties who may require the firm to post collateral or terminate the transactions based on changes in the firm’s credit ratings. The firm assesses the impact of these bilateral agreements by determining the collateral or termination payments that would occur assuming a downgrade by all rating agencies. A downgrade by any one rating agency, depending on the agency’s relative ratings of the firm at the time of the downgrade, may have an impact which is comparable to the impact of a downgrade by all rating agencies.
The table below presents information about net derivative liabilities under bilateral agreements (excluding collateral posted), the fair value of collateral posted and additional collateral or termination payments that could have been called by counterparties in the event of a one- or two-notch downgrade in the firm’s credit ratings.
Hedge Accounting
The firm applies hedge accounting for (i) interest rate swaps used to manage the interest rate exposure of certain fixed-rate unsecured long- and short-term borrowings, certain fixed-rate certificates of deposit and certain U.S. and non-U.S. government securities classified as available-for-sale, (ii) foreign currency forward contracts used to manage the foreign exchange risk of certain securities classified as available-for-sale, (iii) foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency-denominated debt used to manage foreign exchange risk on the firm’s net investment in certain non-U.S. operations, (iv) interest rate swaps used to manage the variability of the forecasted cash flows associated with certain floating-rate assets and (v) commodity futures contracts used to manage the price risk of certain commodities.
To qualify for hedge accounting, the hedging instrument must be highly effective at reducing the risk from the exposure being hedged. Additionally, the firm must formally document the hedging relationship at inception and assess the hedging relationship at least on a quarterly basis to ensure the hedging instrument continues to be highly effective over the life of the hedging relationship.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Fair Value Hedges
The firm designates interest rate swaps as fair value hedges of certain fixed-rate unsecured long- and short-term debt and fixed-rate certificates of deposit and of certain U.S. and non-U.S. government securities classified as available-for-sale. These interest rate swaps hedge changes in fair value attributable to the designated benchmark interest rate (e.g., Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), Overnight Index Swap Rate or Sterling Overnight Index Average), effectively converting a substantial portion of these fixed-rate financial instruments into floating-rate financial instruments.
The firm applies a statistical method that utilizes regression analysis when assessing the effectiveness of these hedging relationships in achieving offsetting changes in the