shortcoming. Our next required submission is a targeted submission by July 1, 2025. See “Risk Factors — Legal and Regulatory — The application of Group Inc.’s proposed resolution strategy could result in greater losses for Group Inc.’s security holders” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K and “Available Information” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K for further information about our resolution plan.
We are also required by the FRB to submit, on a periodic basis, a global recovery plan that outlines the steps that we could take to reduce risk, maintain sufficient liquidity and conserve capital in times of prolonged stress. Certain of our subsidiaries are also subject to similar recovery plan requirements in their local jurisdictions.
GS Bank USA is required to provide a resolution plan to the FDIC that must, among other things, demonstrate that it is adequately protected from risks arising from our other entities. GS Bank USA’s most recent resolution plan was submitted in December 2023. In June 2024, the FDIC adopted revisions to its rule that requires the submission of resolution plans by insured depository institutions (IDIs) with $50 billion or more in total assets. These revisions modify the requirements regarding the content and timing of resolution submissions, as well as interim supplements to those submissions provided to the FDIC. IDIs with $100 billion or more in total assets, including GS Bank USA, are required to submit full resolution plans biennially. GS Bank USA’s next required full submission is due by July 1, 2026.
The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted rules imposing restrictions on qualified financial contracts (QFCs) entered into by G-SIBs. The rules are intended to facilitate the orderly resolution of a failed G-SIB by limiting the ability of the G-SIB to enter into a QFC unless (i) the counterparty waives certain default rights in such contract arising upon the entry of the G‑SIB or one of its affiliates into resolution, (ii) the contract does not contain enumerated prohibitions on the transfer of such contract and/or any related credit enhancement, and (iii) the counterparty agrees that the contract will be subject to the special resolution regimes set forth in the Dodd-Frank Act orderly liquidation authority (OLA) and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (FDIA), described below. GS Bank USA has achieved compliance by adhering to the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Universal Resolution Stay Protocol (ISDA Universal Protocol) and International Swaps and Derivatives Association 2018 U.S. Resolution Stay Protocol (U.S. ISDA Protocol) described below.
Certain of our other subsidiaries also adhere to these protocols. The ISDA Universal Protocol imposes a stay on certain cross-default and early termination rights within standard ISDA derivative contracts and securities financing transactions between adhering parties in the event that one of them is subject to resolution in its home jurisdiction,