China.
Continued or escalating tensions between the U.S. and China have resulted in and may result in additional changes to U.S. international trade and investment policies, which could disrupt international trade and investment, adversely affect financial markets, including market activity levels, and adversely impact our revenues. Continued or escalating tensions may also lead to the U.S., China or other countries taking other actions, which could include the implementation of sanctions, tariffs or foreign exchange measures, the large-scale sale of U.S. Treasury securities or restrictions on cross-border trade, investment or transfer of information or technology. Any such developments could adversely affect our or our clients’ businesses, as well as our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, possibly materially.
A conflict, or concerns about a potential conflict, involving China and Taiwan, the U.S. or other countries could negatively impact financial markets and our or our clients’ businesses. Trade restrictions by the U.S. or other countries in response to a conflict or potential conflict involving China, including financial and economic sanctions and export controls against certain organizations or individuals, or actions taken by China in response to trade restrictions, could negatively impact our or our clients’ ability to conduct business in certain countries or with certain counterparties and could negatively impact regional and global financial markets and economic conditions. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, possibly materially.
We face enhanced risks as we operate in new locations and transact with a broader array of clients and counterparties.
Our businesses, have in the past, and may in the future, bring us into contact, directly or indirectly, with individuals and entities that are not within our traditional client and counterparty base, expose us to new asset classes and new markets, and present us with integration challenges. For example, we continue to transact business and invest in new regions, including a wide range of emerging and growth markets, and we expect this trend to continue. Various emerging and growth market countries have experienced severe economic and financial disruptions, including significant devaluations of their currencies, defaults or threatened defaults on sovereign debt, capital and currency exchange controls, and low or negative growth rates in their economies. The possible effects of any of these conditions include an adverse impact on our businesses and increased volatility in financial markets generally.
In our consumer-oriented activities, we have faced and continue to face compliance, legal and regulatory risk, increased reputational risk and increased operational risk due to, among other things, higher transaction volumes and significantly increased retention and transmission of consumer and