regulatory capital rules.
Climate-Related and Environmental Risk Management
We categorize climate-related and environmental risks into physical risk and transition risk. Physical risk is the risk that asset values may decline or operations may be disrupted as a result of changes in the climate, while transition risk is the risk that asset values may decline because of changes in climate policies or changes in the underlying economy due to decarbonization.
Climate-related and environmental risks manifest in different ways across our businesses. We have continued to make significant enhancements to our climate risk management framework, including steps to further integrate climate risk into our broader risk management processes. We have integrated oversight of climate-related risks into our risk management governance structure, from senior management to our Board and its committees, including the Risk and Public Responsibilities committees. The Risk Committee of the Board oversees firmwide financial and nonfinancial risks, which include climate risk, and, as part of its oversight, receives updates on our risk management approach to climate risk, including our approaches towards scenario analysis and integration into existing risk management processes. The Public Responsibilities Committee of the Board assists the Board in its oversight of our firmwide sustainability strategy and sustainability issues affecting us, including with respect to climate change. As part of its oversight, the Public Responsibilities Committee receives periodic updates on our sustainability strategy and disclosures, and also periodically reviews our governance and related policies and processes for climate and other sustainability-related matters. Senior management within Risk, in coordination with senior management in our revenue-producing units, is responsible for the development of the climate-related and environmental risk program. The objective of this program is to integrate climate-related and environmental risks into existing risk disciplines and business considerations, such as the integration of climate risk into our credit evaluation and underwriting processes for select industries.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
See “Business — Sustainability” in Part I, Item 1 and “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for information about our sustainability initiatives, including in relation to climate transition.
Compliance Risk Management
Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss or damage to our reputation arising from our failure to comply with the requirements of applicable laws, rules and regulations, and our internal policies and procedures. Compliance risk is inherent in all activities through which we conduct our businesses. Our Compliance Risk Management Program, administered by Compliance, assesses our compliance, regulatory and reputational risk; monitors