using the effective interest rate of each security at the end of the period, weighted based on the amortized cost of each security. The effective interest rate considers the contractual coupon and the amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
•
The gross unrealized gains were $
408
million as of March 2025 and $
121
million as of December 2024. The gross unrealized losses were $
383
million as of March 2025 and $
796
million as of December 2024.
•
Held-to-maturity securities are reviewed to determine if an allowance for credit losses should be recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings. The firm considers various factors in such determination, including market conditions, changes in issuer credit ratings, historical credit losses and sovereign guarantees. Provision for credit losses on such securities was not material during either the three months ended March 2025 or March 2024.
Equity Securities and Debt Instruments, at Fair Value
Equity securities and debt instruments, at fair value are accounted for at fair value either under the fair value option or in accordance with other U.S. GAAP, and the related fair value gains and losses are recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Equity Securities, at Fair Value.
Equity securities, at fair value consists of the firm’s public and private equity investments in corporate and real estate entities.
The table below presents information about equity securities, at fair value.
In the table above:
•
Equity securities, at fair value included investments accounted for at fair value under the fair value option where the firm would otherwise apply the equity method of accounting of $
4.92
billion as of March 2025 and $
5.04
billion as of December 2024. Gains/(losses) recognized as a result of changes in the fair value of equity securities for which the fair value option was elected were $
18
million for the three months ended March 2025 and $(
63
) million for the three months ended March 2024. These gains/(losses) are included in other principal transactions.
•
Equity securities, at fair value includes investments in private equity, real estate and hedge funds that are measured at NAV.
•
Equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions were not material as of both March 2025 and December 2024
.
Debt Instruments, at Fair Value.
Debt instruments, at fair value primarily includes mezzanine, senior and distressed debt.
The table below presents information about debt instruments, at fair value.
In the table above, money market instruments primarily consist of time deposits and other primarily includes investments in credit funds that are measured at NAV.
Investments in Funds at Net Asset Value Per Share.
Equity securities and debt instruments, at fair value include investments in funds that are measured at NAV of the investment fund. The firm uses NAV to measure the fair