10b5-1 and accelerated share repurchases), the amounts and timing of which are determined primarily by our current and projected capital position, and capital deployment opportunities, but which may also be influenced by general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of our common stock.
In
2023, the Board approved a share repurchase program authorizing repurchases of up to $30 billion of our common stock. The program has no set expiration or termination date. See “Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities” in Part II, Item 5 of this Form 10-K and Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our share repurchase program, and see above for information about our capital planning and stress testing process.
During 2024, we returned a total of
$11.80 billion
of capital to common shareholders, including
$8.00 billion
of common share repurchases and
$3.80 billion
of common stock dividends.
Consistent with our capital management philosophy, we will continue prioritizing deployment of capital for our clients where returns are attractive and distribute any excess capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, while targeting a 50 to 100 basis point buffer above our capital requirement.
We are subject to a one percent non-deductible federal excise tax (buyback tax) that is applicable to the fair market value of certain corporate share repurchases. The fair market value of share repurchases subject to the tax is reduced by the fair market value of any applicable stock issued during the calendar year, including stock issued to employees. The buyback tax did not have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows for 2024.
Resolution Capital Models.
In connection with our resolution planning efforts, we have established a Resolution Capital Adequacy and Positioning framework, which is designed to ensure that our major subsidiaries (GS Bank USA, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (GS&Co.), GSI, GSIB, GSBE, Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. (GSJCL), Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. and Goldman Sachs Asset Management International) have access to sufficient loss-absorbing capacity (in the form of equity, subordinated debt and unsecured senior debt) so that they are able to wind down following a Group Inc. bankruptcy filing in accordance with our preferred resolution strategy.
In addition, we have established a triggers and alerts framework, which is designed to provide the Board with information needed to make an informed decision on whether and when to commence bankruptcy proceedings for Group Inc.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Rating Agency Guidelines
The credit rating agencies assign credit ratings to the obligations of Group Inc., which directly issues or guarantees substantially all of our senior unsecured debt obligations. GS&Co. and GSI