registered and Rule 144A medium-term note programs, offshore medium-term note offerings and other debt offerings. We issue in different tenors, currencies and products to maximize the diversification of our investor base.
The table below presents our quarterly unsecured long-term borrowings maturity profile.
The weighted average maturity of our unsecured long-term borrowings as of December 2024 was approximately seven years. To mitigate refinancing risk, we seek to limit the principal amount of debt maturing over the course of any monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual time horizon. We enter into interest rate swaps to convert a portion of our unsecured long-term borrowings into floating-rate obligations to manage our exposure to interest rates. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our unsecured long-term borrowings.
Shareholders’ Equity.
Shareholders’ equity is a stable and perpetual source of funding. See Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our shareholders’ equity.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Capital Management and Regulatory Capital
Capital adequacy is of critical importance to us. We have in place a comprehensive capital management policy that provides a framework, defines objectives and establishes guidelines to assist us in maintaining the appropriate level and composition of capital in both business-as-usual and stressed conditions.
Capital Management
We determine the appropriate amount and composition of our capital by considering multiple factors, including our current and future regulatory capital requirements, the results of our capital planning and stress testing process, the results of resolution capital models and other factors, such as rating agency guidelines, subsidiary capital requirements, the business environment and conditions in the financial markets.
We manage our capital requirements and the levels of our capital usage principally by setting targets on our balance sheet and
risk-weighted assets (
RWAs), in each case at both the firmwide and business levels.
We principally manage the level and composition of our capital through issuances and repurchases of our common stock.
We may issue, redeem or repurchase our preferred stock and subordinated debt or other forms of capital as business conditions warrant. Prior to such redemptions or repurchases, we must receive approval from the FRB. See Notes 14 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our subordinated debt and preferred stock.
Capital Planning and Stress Testing Process.
As part of capital planning, we project sources and uses of capital given a range of business environments, including stressed conditions. Our stress testing process is designed to identify and measure material risks associated with our business activities, including market risk, credit risk, operational risk and