standards.
Many rules and regulations worldwide govern our obligations to execute transactions and report transactions and other information to regulators, exchanges and investors. Compliance with these legal and reporting requirements can be challenging, and we have been and may in the future be subject to regulatory fines and penalties for failing to follow these rules or to report timely, accurate and complete information in accordance with these rules.
As the volume, speed, frequency and complexity of transactions, especially electronic transactions (as well as the requirements to report such transactions on a real-time basis to clients, regulators and exchanges) increase, developing and maintaining our operational systems and infrastructure has become more challenging, and the risk of systems or human error by us or our third-party service providers in connection with such transactions has increased, as have the potential consequences of errors due to the speed and volume of transactions involved and the potential difficulty associated with discovering errors quickly enough to limit the resulting consequences. For example, the transition to a T+1 settlement timeframe in the U.S. in 2024 has subjected us to, and will continue to subject us to, increased operational risks with respect to reporting and timely settlement of transactions. These risks are exacerbated in times of increased volatility. As with other similarly situated institutions, we utilize credit underwriting models in connection with our businesses, including our consumer-oriented activities. Allegations or publicity, whether or not accurate, that our underwriting decisions do not treat consumers or clients fairly, or comply with the applicable law or regulation, have in the past resulted and may in the future result in negative publicity, reputational damage and governmental and regulatory scrutiny, investigations and enforcement actions.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Our financial, accounting, data processing or other operational systems and facilities have in the past not operated properly in certain respects and may in the future not operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as a spike in transaction volume or an operational disruption at a third-party service provider, adversely affecting our ability to process these transactions or provide these services. We must continuously update our systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to pursue our objective of ensuring that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or us. Enhancements and updates to systems, as well as the requisite training, including in connection with the integration of new businesses,