(repurchase agreements) and securities borrowed and loaned transactions with the same settlement date are presented on a net-by-counterparty basis in the consolidated balance sheets when such transactions meet certain settlement criteria and are subject to netting agreements.
In the consolidated balance sheets, derivatives are reported net of cash collateral received and posted under enforceable credit support agreements, when transacted under an enforceable netting agreement. In the consolidated balance sheets, resale and repurchase agreements, and securities borrowed and loaned, are not reported net of the related cash and securities received or posted as collateral. See Note 11 for further information about collateral received and pledged, including rights to deliver or repledge collateral. See Notes 7 and 11 for further information about offsetting assets and liabilities.
Foreign Currency Translation
Assets and liabilities denominated in non-U.S. currencies are translated at rates of exchange prevailing on the date of the consolidated balance sheets and revenues and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange for the period. Foreign currency remeasurement gains or losses on transactions in nonfunctional currencies are recognized in earnings. Gains or losses on translation of the financial statements of a non-U.S. operation, when the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar, are included, net of hedges and taxes, in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Recent Accounting Developments
Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures (ASC 326)
.
In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-02, “Financial Instruments — Credit Losses (Topic 326) — Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures.” This ASU eliminates the recognition and measurement guidance for troubled debt restructurings and requires enhanced disclosures about loan modifications for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. This ASU also requires enhanced disclosure for loans that have been charged off. This ASU became effective for the firm in January 2023 under a prospective approach. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on the firm’s consolidated financial statements.
Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions (ASC 820).
In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-03, “Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions.” This ASU clarifies that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security should not be considered in measuring its fair value. In addition, the ASU requires specific disclosures related to equity securities that are subject to contractual sale restrictions. This ASU became effective for the firm in January 2024 under a prospective approach. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on the firm’s consolidated financial