concentration of CIE assets, net of financings, within our alternative investments by region and asset class.
The table below presents the concentration of CIE assets, net of financings, within our alternative investments by vintage.
Platform Solutions
Platform Solutions includes our consumer platforms and transaction banking and other.
Platform Solutions generates revenues from the following:
Consumer platforms.
Our Consumer platforms business issues credit cards, and raises deposits from Apple Card customers. Consumer platforms revenues primarily includes net interest income earned on credit card lending activities. See “Regulatory and Other Matters — Other Matters — Narrowing our Focus on Consumer-Related Activities” for further information.
Transaction banking and other.
We provide transaction banking and other services, such as deposit-taking, payment solutions and other cash management services, for corporate and institutional clients. Transaction banking revenues include net interest income attributed to transaction banking deposits. See “Regulatory and Other Matters — Other Matters — Narrowing our Focus on Consumer-Related Activities” for further information.
The table below presents our Platform Solutions assets.
The table below presents details about our Platform Solutions loans.
The average Platform Solutions gross loans were
$20.66 billion
for the first quarter of 2025 and
$21.62 billion
for the first quarter of 2024.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The table below presents our Platform Solutions operating results.
Our target is to achieve pre-tax breakeven by the end of 2025 for Platform Solutions.
Operating Environment.
The operating environment for Platform Solutions is mainly impacted by the economic environment in the U.S., which, during the first quarter of 2025, was generally characterized by concerns about inflation and uncertainty related to changes in international trade policies (including the potential for new or increased tariffs), a continued low rate of unemployment and a decline in the pace of growth in consumer spending compared with the fourth quarter of 2024.
In the future, if economic conditions deteriorate, it may lead to a further decrease in consumer spending or a deterioration in consumer credit, and net revenues and provision for credit losses in Platform Solutions would likely be negatively impacted.
Three Months Ended March 2025 versus March 2024.
Net revenues in Platform Solutions were $676 million for the first quarter of 2025, 3% lower than the first quarter of 2024.
Transaction banking and other net revenues were lower, primarily reflecting lower average deposit balances. Notwithstanding our strategic decision to narrow the focus on consumer-related activities, Consumer platforms net revenues were essentially unchanged compared with the first quarter of 2024. See “Regulatory and Other Matters — Other Matters — Narrowing our Focus on Consumer-Related