occur, which is generally when such fees are no longer subject to fluctuations in the market value of the assets.
The table below presents our average effective management fee (which excludes non-asset-based fees) earned on our firmwide AUS by asset class.
The table below presents details about our monthly average AUS for alternative investments and the average effective management fee we earned on such assets.
In the table above, direct strategies primarily includes our private equity, growth equity, private credit, liquid alternatives and real estate strategies. Fund of funds primarily includes our business which invests in leading private equity, hedge fund, real estate and credit third-party managers as a limited partner, secondary-market investor, co-investor or management company partner.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The table below presents information about our period-end AUS for alternative investments, non-fee-earning alternative investments and total alternative investments.
In the table above:
•
Corporate equity primarily includes private equity.
•
Total alternative assets included uncalled capital that is available for future investing of $63 billion as of March 2025 and $65 billion as of March 2024.
•
Non-fee-earning alternative assets primarily includes investments that we hold on our balance sheet, our unfunded commitments, unfunded commitments of our clients (where we do not charge fees on commitments), credit facilities collateralized by fund assets and employee funds. Our calculation of non-fee-earning alternative assets may not be comparable to similar calculations used by other companies.
•
Non-fee-earning alternative assets primarily includes our direct investing strategies, including private equity, growth equity, private credit and real estate strategies.
Our target is to grow our total credit alternative assets to $300 billion by the end of 2028.
The table below presents information about third-party commitments raised in our alternatives business from the beginning of 2020 through the first quarter of 2025.
In the table above, commitments included in non-fee-earning alternative assets included approximately $63 billion, which will begin to earn fees (and become AUS) if and when the commitments are drawn and assets are invested. In the first quarter of 2025, we raised $19 billion in third-party commitments in our alternatives business, including $4 billion in corporate equity, $7 billion in credit, $2 billion in real estate and $6 billion in hedge funds and other. Since 2019, we have raised $342 billion of third-party commitments in our alternatives business and expect fundraising for the remainder of 2025 to be consistent with levels achieved in recent years, subject to market conditions.
The table below presents information about alternative investments in Asset & Wealth Management that we hold on our balance sheet by asset type.
The table below presents further