affordable housing and renewable energy projects that receive production tax credits. The investments that meet the criteria for the proportional amortization method of accounting are amortized in proportion to the income tax credits and other income tax benefits received on such investments. The amortization of investments and the related income tax credits and other income tax benefits are recorded as a component of the
provision for taxes
, and are included in
other operating activities
in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
The table below presents information about investments (included in miscellaneous receivables and other within
other assets
in the consolidated balance sheets) in qualified affordable housing and renewable energy projects that met the criteria of the proportional amortization method of accounting.
In the table above, investments included $
2.04
billion as of March 2025 and $
2.15
billion as of December 2024 of accrued unfunded commitments. As of March 2025, a majority of such accrued unfunded commitments were expected to be funded by year-end 2026.
The table below presents information about the amortization and income tax credits and other income tax benefits related to investments in qualified affordable housing and renewable energy projects that met the criteria of the proportional amortization method of accounting.
Investments in qualified affordable housing projects that did not meet the criteria for the proportional amortization method of accounting were $
103
million as of March 2025 and were
no
t material as of December 2024.
The firm’s existing investments in renewable energy projects that receive production tax credits were not eligible for transition to the proportional amortization method of accounting upon adoption of ASU No. 2023-02. Such investments were $
1.37
billion as of March 2025 and $
1.39
billion as of December 2024, were included in investments in the consolidated balance sheets and were accounted for at fair value under the fair value option.
Consolidated VIEs
The table below presents a summary of the carrying value and balance sheet classification of assets and liabilities in consolidated VIEs.
In the table above:
•
Assets and liabilities are presented net of intercompany eliminations and exclude the benefit of offsetting financial instruments that are held to mitigate the risks associated with the firm’s variable interests.
•
VIEs in which the firm holds a majority voting interest are excluded if (i) the VIE meets the definition of a business and (ii) the VIE’s assets can be used for purposes other than the settlement of its obligations.
•
Substantially all assets can only be used to settle obligations of the VIE.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
The table below presents information, by principal business activity, for consolidated VIEs included in the summary table above.
In the table above, creditors and beneficial