to sufficient loss-absorbing capacity (in the form of equity, subordinated debt and unsecured senior debt) so that they are able to wind down following a Group Inc. bankruptcy filing in accordance with our preferred resolution strategy.
In addition, we have established a triggers and alerts framework, which is designed to provide the Board with information needed to make an informed decision on whether and when to commence bankruptcy proceedings for Group Inc.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Rating Agency Guidelines
The credit rating agencies assign credit ratings to the obligations of Group Inc., which directly issues or guarantees substantially all of our senior unsecured debt obligations. GS&Co. and GSI have been assigned long- and short-term issuer ratings by certain credit rating agencies. GS Bank USA, GSIB and GSBE have also been assigned long- and short-term issuer ratings, as well as ratings on their long- and short-term bank deposits. In addition, credit rating agencies have assigned ratings to debt obligations of certain other subsidiaries of Group Inc.
The level and composition of our capital are among the many factors considered in determining our credit ratings. Each agency has its own definition of eligible capital and methodology for evaluating capital adequacy, and assessments are generally based on a combination of factors rather than a single calculation. See “Risk Management — Liquidity Risk Management — Credit Ratings” for further information about credit ratings of Group Inc., GS Bank USA, GSIB, GSBE, GS&Co. and GSI.
Consolidated Regulatory Capital
We are subject to consolidated regulatory capital requirements which are calculated in accordance with the regulations of the FRB (Capital Framework). Under the Capital Framework, we are an “Advanced approaches” banking organization and have been designated as a G-SIB. In managing our capital, we consider a number of different capital requirements, the most binding of which can vary over time.
The capital requirements calculated under the Capital Framework include the capital conservation buffer requirements, which are comprised of a 2.5% buffer (under the Advanced Capital Rules), the SCB (under the Standardized Capital Rules), a countercyclical capital buffer (under both Capital Rules) and the G-SIB surcharge (under both Capital Rules). Our G-SIB surcharge is 3.0% for 2025 and will be 3.5% beginning in 2026. Based on financial data for the three months ended March 2025, we are in the 4.0% G-SIB surcharge threshold range. The earliest this surcharge could be effective is January 2028. The G-SIB surcharge and countercyclical capital buffer in the future may differ due to additional guidance from our regulators and/or positional changes, and our SCB can change significantly from year to year based on the results of the annual supervisory stress tests. Our target is to maintain capital ratios equal to the regulatory requirements plus