information about repurchase and resale agreements.
Securities Borrowed and Loaned Transactions
In a securities borrowed transaction, the firm borrows securities from a counterparty in exchange for cash or securities. When the firm returns the securities, the counterparty returns the cash or securities. Interest is generally paid periodically over the life of the transaction.
In a securities loaned transaction, the firm lends securities to a counterparty in exchange for cash or securities. When the counterparty returns the securities, the firm returns the cash or securities posted as collateral. Interest is generally paid periodically over the life of the transaction.
In a transaction where the firm lends securities and receives securities that can be delivered or pledged as collateral, the firm recognizes the securities received within securities borrowed and the obligation to return those securities within securities loaned in the consolidated balance sheets.
The firm receives securities borrowed and makes delivery of securities loaned. To mitigate credit exposure, the firm monitors the market value of these securities on a daily basis, and delivers or obtains additional collateral due to changes in the market value of the securities, as appropriate. For securities borrowed transactions, the firm typically requires collateral with a fair value approximately equal to the carrying value of the securities borrowed transaction.
Securities borrowed and loaned within FICC financing are recorded at fair value under the fair value option. See Note 5 for further information about securities borrowed and loaned accounted for at fair value.
Substantially all of the securities borrowed and loaned within Equities financing are recorded based on the amount of cash collateral advanced or received plus accrued interest. The firm also reviews such securities borrowed to determine if an allowance for credit losses should be recorded by taking into consideration the fair value of collateral received. As these agreements generally can be terminated on demand, they exhibit little, if any, sensitivity to changes in interest rates. Therefore, the carrying value of such agreements approximates fair value. As these agreements are not accounted for at fair value, they are not included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in Notes 4 and 5. Had these agreements been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, they would have been classified in level 2 as of both March 2025 and December 2024.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Offsetting Arrangements
The table below presents resale and repurchase agreements and securities borrowed and loaned transactions included in the consolidated balance sheets, as well as the amounts not offset in the consolidated balance sheets.
In the table above:
•
Substantially all of the gross carrying values of these arrangements are subject to enforceable netting agreements.
•