percentage points, and increased our diluted EPS by $1.63 and annualized ROE by 2.0 percentage points.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (Pillar II) aim to ensure that multinationals with revenues in excess of EUR 750 million pay a minimum effective corporate tax rate of 15% (minimum tax) in each jurisdiction in which they operate. The U.K. and other non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate have enacted certain portions of the OECD directive (Pillar II legislation). The Pillar II legislation did not have a material impact on our effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2025. We expect additional guidance or legislation to
be issued by the OECD and various jurisdictions during 2025 which could impact any minimum tax we owe
in future periods, possibly materially, and our effective tax rate could increase in 2025 and thereafter. This minimum tax, if any, will be recognized in the period in which it is incurred.
We expect our 2025 annual effective tax rate to be approximately 21%.
Segment Assets and Operating Results
Segment Assets.
The table below presents assets by segment.
The allocation process for segment assets is based on the activities of these segments. The allocation of assets includes allocation of global core liquid assets (GCLA) (which consists of unencumbered, highly liquid securities and cash), which is included within cash and cash equivalents, collateralized agreements, trading assets and investments on our balance sheet. Due to the integrated nature of these segments, estimates and judgments are made in allocating these assets. See “Risk Management — Liquidity Risk Management” for further information about our GCLA.
Segment Operating Results.
The table below presents our segment operating results.
Net revenues in our segments include allocations of interest income and interest expense based on the funding generated by, or the funding and liquidity requirements of, the respective segments. See Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our business segments.
The allocation of common shareholders’ equity and preferred stock dividends to each segment is based on the estimated amount of equity required to support the activities of the segment under relevant regulatory capital requirements. Net earnings for each segment is calculated by applying the firmwide tax rate to each segment’s pre-tax earnings.
Compensation and benefits expenses within our segments reflect, among other factors, our overall performance, as well as the performance of individual businesses. Consequently, pre-tax margins in one segment of our business may be significantly affected by the performance of our other business segments. A description of segment operating results follows.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Global Banking & Markets
Global Banking & Markets generates revenues from the following: