adverse economic scenarios over a three-year period. For loans with expected lives beyond three years, the model reverts to historical loss information based on a non-linear modeled approach. We apply judgment in weighting individual scenarios each quarter based on a variety of factors, including our internally derived economic outlook, market consensus, recent macroeconomic conditions and industry trends. The forecasted economic scenarios consider a number of risk factors relevant to the wholesale and consumer portfolios. Risk factors for wholesale loans include internal credit ratings, industry default and loss data, expected life, macroeconomic indicators (e.g., unemployment rates and GDP), the borrower’s capacity to meet its financial obligations, the borrower’s country of risk and industry, loan seniority and collateral type. In addition, for loans backed by real estate, risk factors include the loan-to-value ratio, debt service ratio and home price index. The allowance for loan losses for wholesale loans that do not share similar risk characteristics, such as nonaccrual loans, is calculated using the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective rate, the observable market price of the loan, or, in the case of collateral dependent loans, the fair value of the collateral less estimated costs to sell, if applicable. Risk factors for installment and credit card loans include Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) credit scores, delinquency status, loan vintage and macroeconomic indicators.
The allowance for credit losses also includes qualitative components which allow management to reflect the uncertain nature of economic forecasting, capture uncertainty regarding model inputs, and account for model imprecision and concentration risk. The qualitative factors considered by management include, among others, changes and trends in loan portfolios, uncertainties associated with the macroeconomic and geopolitical environments, credit concentrations, changes in volume and severity of past due and criticized loans, idiosyncratic events and deterioration within an industry or region.
Our estimate of credit losses entails judgment about collectability at the reporting dates, and there are uncertainties inherent in those judgments. The allowance for credit losses is subject to a governance process that involves senior management within Risk and Controllers. Personnel within Risk are responsible for forecasting the economic variables that underlie the economic scenarios that are used in the modeling of expected credit losses. While we use the best information available to determine this estimate, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary based on, among other things, changes in the economic environment or variances between actual results and the original assumptions used. Loans are charged off against the allowance for loan losses when deemed to be uncollectible.
We also record an allowance for credit losses on lending