we structure might not be legally enforceable in all cases.
While business and other practices throughout the world differ, our principal entities are subject in their operations worldwide to rules and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments, hiring practices and money laundering, as well as laws relating to doing business with certain individuals, groups and countries, such as the FCPA, the BSA and the U.K. Bribery Act. While we have invested and continue to invest significant resources in training and in compliance monitoring, the geographical diversity of our operations, employees, clients and consumers, as well as the vendors and other third parties that we deal with, greatly increases the risk that we may be found in violation of such rules or regulations and such violations have in the past and could in the future subject us to significant penalties or adversely affect our reputation. See for example, “1MDB-Related Matters” in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
In addition, there have been a number of highly publicized cases around the world, involving actual or alleged fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services industry, and we have had and may in the future have employee misconduct. This misconduct has included and may also in the future include intentional efforts to ignore or circumvent applicable policies, rules or procedures or misappropriation of funds and the theft of proprietary information, including proprietary software. It is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity have not been and may not be effective in all cases, as reflected by the settlements relating to 1MDB.
The application of regulatory strategies and requirements in the U.S. and in non-U.S. jurisdictions to facilitate the orderly resolution of large financial institutions could create greater risk of loss for Group Inc.’s security holders.
As described in “Business — Regulation — Banking Supervision and Regulation — Insolvency of an IDI or a BHC,” if the FDIC is appointed as receiver under OLA, the rights of Group Inc.’s creditors would be determined under OLA, and substantial differences exist in the rights of creditors between OLA and the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, including the right of the FDIC under OLA to disregard the strict priority of creditor claims in some circumstances, which could have a material adverse effect on our debtholders.
The FDIC has announced that a single point of entry strategy may be a desirable strategy under OLA to resolve a large financial institution in a manner that would, among other things, impose losses on shareholders, debtholders and other creditors of the top-tier BHC (in our case, Group Inc.), while the BHC’s subsidiaries may continue to operate. It is possible that the application of the single point of entry strategy