Rollforward Commentary for the Three Months Ended March 2024.
The net realized and unrealized losses on level 3 loans of $
2
million (reflecting $
11
million of net realized gains and $
13
million of net unrealized losses) for the three months ended March 2024 included gains/(losses) of $(
9
) million reported in other principal transactions and $
7
million reported in interest income.
The drivers of the net unrealized losses on level 3 loans for the three months ended March 2024 were not material.
There were no transfers into or out of level 3 loans during the three months ended March 2024.
Other Financial Assets and Liabilities
Fair Value by Level.
The table below presents, by level within the fair value hierarchy, other financial assets and liabilities at fair value, substantially all of which are accounted for at fair value under the fair value option.
In the table above, assets are shown as positive amounts and liabilities are shown as negative amounts.
See Note 4 for an overview of the firm’s fair value measurement policies, valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine the fair value of other financial assets and liabilities.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Significant Unobservable Inputs.
See below for information about the significant unobservable inputs used to value level 3 other financial assets and liabilities at fair value as of both March 2025 and December 2024.
Other Secured Financings.
The ranges and weighted averages of significant unobservable inputs used to value level 3 other secured financings are presented below. These ranges and weighted averages exclude unobservable inputs that are only relevant to a single instrument, and therefore are not meaningful.
As of March 2025:
•
Yield:
3.8
% to
13.9
% (weighted average:
10.1
%)
•
Duration:
1.8
to
3.2
years (weighted average:
2.5
years)
As of December 2024:
•
Yield:
3.8
% to
12.3
% (weighted average:
8.9
%)
•
Duration:
2.0
to
5.4
years (weighted average:
2.9
years)
Generally, increases in yield or duration, in isolation, would have resulted in a lower fair value measurement as of period-end. Due to the distinctive nature of each of level 3 other secured financings, the interrelationship of inputs is not necessarily uniform across such financings. See Note 11 for further information about other secured financings.
Deposits, Unsecured Borrowings and Other Assets and Liabilities.
Substantially all of the firm’s deposits, unsecured short- and long-term borrowings, and other assets and liabilities that are classified in level 3 are hybrid financial instruments. As the significant unobservable inputs used to value hybrid financial instruments primarily relate to the embedded derivative component of these deposits, unsecured borrowings and other assets and liabilities, these unobservable inputs are incorporated in the firm’s derivative disclosures. See Note 12 for further information about other