value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $
142.3
billion.
As of February 7, 2025, there were
312,039,033
shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding.
Documents incorporated by reference:
Portions of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s Proxy Statement for its 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K in response to Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
INDEX
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
INDEX
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
PART I
Item 1.  Business
Introduction
Goldman Sachs is a leading global financial institution that delivers a broad range of financial services to a large and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Our purpose is to advance sustainable economic growth and financial opportunity. Our goal, reflected in our One Goldman Sachs initiative, is to deliver the full range of our services and expertise to support our clients in a more accessible, comprehensive and efficient manner, across businesses and product areas.
When we use the terms “Goldman Sachs,” “we,” “us,” “our” and "the firm," we mean The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (Group Inc. or parent company), a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. When we use the term “our subsidiaries,” we mean the consolidated subsidiaries of Group Inc. References to “this Form 10-K” are to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. All references to 2024, 2023 and 2022 refer to our years ended, or the dates, as the context requires, December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively.
Group Inc. is a bank holding company (BHC) and a financial holding company (FHC) regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB). Our U.S. depository institution subsidiary, Goldman Sachs Bank USA (GS Bank USA), is a New York State-chartered bank.
Our Business Segments
We manage and report our activities in three business segments: Global Banking & Markets, Asset & Wealth Management and Platform Solutions. Global Banking & Markets generates revenues from investment banking fees, including advisory, and equity and debt underwriting fees, Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities (FICC) intermediation and financing activities and Equities intermediation and financing activities, as well as relationship lending and acquisition financing (and related hedges) and investing activities related to our Global Banking & Markets activities. Asset & Wealth Management generates revenues from management and other fees, incentive fees, private banking and lending, equity investments and debt investments. Platform Solutions generates revenues from consumer platforms and transaction banking and other.
The chart below