If economic conditions deteriorate, our financial condition and results of operations would likely be negatively impacted. See “Results of Operations — Segment Assets and Operating Results — Segment Operating Results” for further information about the operating environment for each of our business segments.
Critical Accounting Policies
Fair Value
Fair Value Hierarchy.
Trading assets and liabilities, certain investments and loans, and certain other financial assets and liabilities, are included in our consolidated balance sheets at fair value (i.e., marked-to-market), with related gains or losses generally recognized in our consolidated statements of earnings. The use of fair value to measure financial instruments is fundamental to our risk management practices and is our most critical accounting policy.
The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We measure certain financial assets and liabilities as a portfolio (i.e., based on its net exposure to market and/or credit risks). In determining fair value, the hierarchy under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) gives (i) the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities (level 1 inputs), (ii) the next priority to inputs other than level 1 inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly (level 2 inputs), and (iii) the lowest priority to inputs that cannot be observed in market activity (level 3 inputs). In evaluating the significance of a valuation input, we consider, among other factors, a portfolio’s net risk exposure to that input. Assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to their fair value measurement.
The fair values for substantially all of our financial assets and liabilities are based on observable prices and inputs and are classified in levels 1 and 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Certain level 2 and level 3 financial assets and liabilities may require appropriate valuation adjustments that a market participant would require to arrive at fair value for factors, such as counterparty and our credit quality, funding risk, transfer restrictions, liquidity and bid/offer spreads.
Instruments classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are those which require one or more significant inputs that are not observable. Level 3 financial assets represented 1.2% as of both March 2025 and December 2024 of our total assets. See Notes 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about level 3 financial assets, including changes in level 3 financial assets and related fair value measurements. Absent evidence to the contrary, instruments classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are initially valued at transaction price, which is considered to