healthcare.
Nonaccrual, Past Due and Modified Loans.
Loans accounted for at amortized cost (other than credit card loans) are placed on nonaccrual status when it is probable that the firm will not collect all principal and interest due under the contractual terms, regardless of the delinquency status or if a loan is past due for 90 days or more, unless the loan is both well collateralized and in the process of collection. At that time, all accrued but uncollected interest is reversed against interest income and interest subsequently collected is recognized on a cash basis to the extent the loan balance is deemed collectible. Otherwise, all cash received is used to reduce the outstanding loan balance. A loan is considered past due when a principal or interest payment has not been made according to its contractual terms. Credit card loans are not placed on nonaccrual status and accrue interest until the loan is paid in full or is charged off.
The table below presents information about past due loans.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The table below presents information about nonaccrual loans.
In the table above:
•
Nonaccrual loans included $
322
million as of December 2024 and $
600
million as of December 2023 of loans that were 30 days or more past due.
•
Loans that were 90 days or more past due and still accruing were not material as of both December 2024 and December 2023.
•
Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total nonaccrual loans was
127.8
% as of December 2024 and
122.0
% as of December 2023.
•
Commercial real estate, residential real estate, securities-based and other collateralized loans are collateral dependent loans and the repayment of such loans is generally expected to be provided by the operation or sale of the underlying collateral. The allowance for credit losses for such nonaccrual loans is determined by considering the fair value of the collateral less estimated cost to sell, if applicable. See Note 4 for further information about fair value measurements
.
The firm may modify the terms of a loan agreement for a borrower experiencing financial difficulty. Such modifications may include, among other things, forbearance of interest or principal, payment extensions or interest rate reductions.
The table below presents the carrying value of loans, as of both December 2024 and December 2023, that were modified during either 2024 or 2023.
In the table above:
•
Loan modifications during both 2024 and 2023 were primarily in the form of term extensions. These extensions increased the weighted average term by
19
months for loans modified during 2024 and by
16
months for loans modified during 2023.
•
Substantially all of the modified loans were related to corporate loans, commercial real estate loans and credit cards. Modified loans represented approximately
2
% of corporate loans (at amortized cost), and approximately
1
% of both commercial real estate loans (at amortized