tables below present the distribution of our net credit exposure from OTC derivatives by tenor and internally determined public rating agency equivalents.
Lending Activities.
We manage our lending activities using the credit risk process, measures, limits and risk mitigants described above. Other lending positions, including secondary trading positions, are risk-managed as a component of market risk.
The table below presents our loans and lending commitments.
In the table above, lending commitments excluded $5.69 billion as of December 2024 and $5.81 billion as of December 2023 related to issued letters of credit which are classified as guarantees in our consolidated financial statements. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about guarantees.
See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for information about net charge-offs on wholesale and consumer loans, as well as past due and nonaccrual loans accounted for at amortized cost.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Corporate.
Corporate loans and lending commitments include term loans, revolving lines of credit, letter of credit facilities and bridge loans, and are principally used for operating and general corporate purposes, or in connection with acquisitions. Corporate loans are secured (typically by a senior lien on the assets of the borrower) or unsecured, depending on the loan purpose, the risk profile of the borrower and other factors.
The table below presents our credit exposure from corporate loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by industry, region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics.
Commercial Real Estate.
Commercial real estate includes originated loans and lending commitments that are directly or indirectly secured by hotels, retail stores, multifamily housing complexes and commercial and industrial properties. Commercial real estate also includes loans and lending commitments extended to clients who warehouse assets that are directly or indirectly backed by commercial real estate. In addition, commercial real estate includes loans purchased by us.
The table below presents our credit exposure from commercial real estate loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics.
In the table above, the concentration of loans and lending commitments by asset class as of
December 2024
was 50% for warehouse and other indirect, 11% for multifamily, 7% for industrials, 5% for hospitality, 4% for office, 3% for mixed use and 20% for other asset classes. The concentration of loans and lending commitments by asset class as of
December 2023
was
42%
for warehouse and other indirect,
13%
for multifamily,
12%
for industrials,
7%
for office,
7%
for hospitality,
7%
for mixed use and
12%
for other asset classes.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES