of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the firm’s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.
The firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PCAOB ID
238
), an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report appearing below, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024.
Report  of  Independent  Registered  Public
Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive income, of changes in shareholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in