exercise conducted by the FRB, the results of which were released in 2024. We are also subject to interagency guidance jointly issued by the FRB, FDIC, and OCC in 2023 regarding principles for climate-related financial risk management for large financial institutions. In addition, in 2023, the NYDFS issued guidance on the management of material financial risks from climate change, which applies to New York State-regulated banking and mortgage institutions, including GS Bank USA. Additionally, certain states in which we operate have enacted or proposed laws or regulations regarding ESG matters, including laws or regulations that require climate-related disclosures, that address the consideration of ESG factors in state investments or contracting, and that require financial institutions to broadly provide customers with access to financial services, many of which may have broad, extraterritorial application.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
In the E.U., certain of our entities are expected to be subject in varying degrees to sustainability-related laws being implemented, including directives, such as the CSRD and the CSDDD, which would significantly expand the scope of ESG disclosure requirements applicable to us and impose stringent due diligence requirements with respect to adverse human rights and environmental impacts in our upstream business partners’ operations, as well as require us to put into effect a climate transition plan.
These, as well as any additional or heightened laws, regulations, guidance and expectations, have in the past subjected and may in the future, subject us to different and potentially conflicting requirements and expectations in the various jurisdictions in which we operate, and have in the past resulted in and could in the future result in increased regulatory, compliance or other costs or higher capital requirements. The risks associated with, and the perspective of government officials, regulators, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding, climate change are continuing to evolve rapidly, which can make it difficult to assess the ultimate impact on us of climate change-related risks and uncertainties, but we expect that climate change-related risks will increase over time.
Our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations have been adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused by conflicts, and related sanctions and other developments.
The conflict between Russia and Ukraine has negatively affected the global economy. Governments around the world have responded to Russia’s invasion by imposing economic sanctions and export controls on certain industry sectors, including price caps on Russian oil, and on Russian businesses and persons. Compliance with economic sanctions and restrictions imposed by governments has increased our costs and otherwise adversely affected our business and may continue to do so. Russia has responded with its own restrictions