and other fees, primarily reflecting the impact of higher average assets under supervision (AUS).
Commissions and fees in the consolidated statements of earnings were $4.09 billion for 2024, 8% higher than 2023, due to higher commissions and fees in Equities, reflecting generally higher market volumes and increased transaction fees, partially offset by a loss related to the planned transition of the GM credit card program to another issuer.
Market making revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $18.39 billion for 2024, essentially unchanged compared with 2023. Market making revenues from intermediation activities were slightly higher, primarily reflecting significantly higher revenues in equity cash products, currencies and mortgages, offset by significantly lower revenues in commodities and equity derivatives. Market making revenues from financing activities were essentially unchanged, reflecting significantly lower revenues in FICC financing, offset by significantly higher revenues from Equities financing.
Other principal transactions revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $4.65 billion for 2024, 119% higher than 2023, primarily reflecting significantly higher net gains from investments in private equities, significantly higher net gains from derivatives related to our funding activities, the impact of the sale of the Marcus loan portfolio in 2023 (including net revenues of approximately $(370) million related to the sale of substantially all of the portfolio) and significantly lower net losses on hedges related to our relationship lending portfolio.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Net Interest Income.
Net interest income in the consolidated statements of earnings was $8.06 billion for 2024, 27% higher than 2023, reflecting an increase in interest income, partially offset by an increase in interest expense. The increase in interest income primarily related to trading assets and investments (each reflecting the impact of higher average balances and higher average interest rates), collateralized agreements and other interest-earning assets (each reflecting the impact of higher average interest rates), partially offset by a decrease in interest income related to deposits with banks (reflecting the impact of lower average balances). The increase in interest expense primarily related to collateralized financings and deposits (each reflecting the impact of higher average balances and higher average interest rates) and other interest-bearing liabilities (reflecting the impact of higher average interest rates). See “Supplemental Financial Information — Statistical Disclosures — Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity” for further information about our sources of net interest income.
Provision for Credit Losses
Provision for credit losses consists of provision for credit losses on financial assets and commitments accounted for at amortized cost,