the Australian Privacy Act 1988, and India’s Digital Personal Data Protection Act. Generally, privacy laws impose obligations with regard to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information and require public disclosure of privacy practices. Some privacy laws offer individuals certain rights about how their personal information is processed, provide for significant penalties for non-compliance, and, under certain circumstances, impose requirements for transfers of personal data across national borders.
In 2023, the SEC proposed to amend Regulation Systems Compliance and Integrity (SCI). The proposed amendments to Regulation SCI would, among other things, expand the types of entities covered by the regulation, require additional policies and procedures to address cybersecurity risks, and require disclosure of additional types of cybersecurity events to the SEC.
In 2024, the SEC amended Regulation S-P that implements the GLB Act. The amendments to Regulation S-P require broker-dealers, investment companies and investment advisers registered with the SEC to adopt written policies and procedures for incident response programs to address unauthorized access to or use of customer information. The amended Regulation S-P requires covered entities to notify within 30 days individuals affected by an incident involving sensitive customer information and provide them with details about the incident and other information intended to help affected individuals respond appropriately. Larger covered entities, such as GS&Co., will have until December 2025, and smaller covered entities will have until June 2026, to comply with the amended Regulation S-P. In 2024, the California Privacy Protection Agency proposed regulations under the CCPA relating to cybersecurity audits, risk assessments, and automated decision-making technology.
Our businesses are also subject to laws and regulations governing cybersecurity and related risks, and which require regulatory disclosures, and, in some instances, individual disclosures, of certain security incidents. These include, but are not limited to, the NYDFS Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies. The NYDFS also requires financial institutions regulated by the NYDFS, including GS Bank USA, to, among other things, (i) establish and maintain a cybersecurity program designed to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of their information systems; (ii) implement and maintain a written cybersecurity policy setting forth policies and procedures for the protection of their information systems and nonpublic information; and (iii) designate a Chief Information Security Officer. In 2023, the NYDFS adopted amendments to its cybersecurity regulations that will impose heightened or additional requirements with respect to cybersecurity incident notifications, risk management and governance. Most of these amendments became effective in 2024 although certain amendments have a longer transition