pervasiveness with which information can be disseminated through these channels, in particular social media, may magnify risks relating to negative publicity.
In 2023, the rapid dissemination of negative information through social media, in part, is believed to have led to the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB). SVB suffered a level of deposit withdrawals within a time period not previously experienced by a financial institution. We could also be subject to rapid deposit withdrawals or other outflows as a result of negative social media posts or other negative publicity.
Substantial civil or criminal liability or significant regulatory action against us has in the past had and may in the future have material adverse financial effects and significant reputational consequences, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects.
We face significant legal risks in our businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions remain high. See Notes 18 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for information about certain of our legal and regulatory proceedings and investigations. We have seen legal claims by consumers and clients increase in a market downturn and employment-related claims increase following periods in which we have reduced our headcount. Additionally, governmental entities have been plaintiffs and are parties in certain of our legal proceedings, and we may face future civil or criminal actions or claims by the same or other governmental entities, as well as follow-on civil litigation that is often commenced after regulatory settlements.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Significant settlements by large financial institutions, including, in some cases, us, with governmental entities have become common. The trend of large settlements with governmental entities may adversely affect the outcomes for other financial institutions, including, in some cases, us, in similar actions, especially where governmental officials have announced that the large settlements will be used as the basis or a template for other settlements. The uncertain regulatory enforcement environment makes it difficult to estimate probable losses, which can lead to substantial disparities between legal reserves and subsequent actual settlements or penalties.
Claims of collusion or anti-competitive conduct have become more common. Financial institutions (including us) have been subject to civil cases and investigatory demands relating to alleged bid-rigging, group boycotts or other anti-competitive practices. Antitrust laws generally provide for joint and several liability and treble damages. These claims have resulted in significant settlements and fines for us in the past and may do so in the future.
We are subject to laws and regulations worldwide, including the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act, relating to