derivatives held in connection with the firm’s market-making or risk management activities. These assets and liabilities are carried at fair value either under the fair value option or in accordance with other U.S. GAAP, and the related fair value gains and losses are generally recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.
The table below presents a summary of trading assets and liabilities.
See Note 5 for further information about trading cash instruments and Note 7 for further information about derivatives.
Gains and Losses from Market Making
The table below presents market making revenues by major product type.
In the table above:
•
Gains/(losses) include both realized and unrealized gains and losses. Gains/(losses) exclude related interest income and interest expense. See Note 23 for further information about interest income and interest expense.
•
Gains/(losses) included in market making are primarily related to the firm’s trading assets and liabilities, including both derivative and non-derivative financial instruments.
•
Gains/(losses) are not representative of the manner in which the firm manages its business activities because many of the firm’s market-making and client facilitation strategies utilize financial instruments across various product types. Accordingly, gains or losses in one product type frequently offset gains or losses in other product types. For example, most of the firm’s longer-term derivatives across product types are sensitive to changes in interest rates and may be economically hedged with interest rate swaps. Similarly, a significant portion of the firm’s trading cash instruments and derivatives across product types has exposure to foreign currencies and may be economically hedged with foreign currency contracts.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Note 7.
Derivatives and Hedging Activities
Derivative Activities
Derivatives are instruments that derive their value from underlying asset prices, indices, reference rates and other inputs, or a combination of these factors. Derivatives may be traded on an exchange (exchange-traded) or they may be privately negotiated contracts, which are usually referred to as OTC derivatives. Certain of the firm’s OTC derivatives are cleared and settled through central clearing counterparties (OTC-cleared), while others are bilateral contracts between two counterparties (bilateral OTC).
Market Making.
As a market maker, the firm enters into derivative transactions to provide liquidity to clients and to facilitate the transfer and hedging of their risks. In this role, the firm typically acts as principal and is required to commit capital to provide execution, and maintains market-making positions in response to, or in anticipation of, client demand.
Risk Management.
The firm also enters into derivatives to actively manage risk exposures that arise from its market-making and investing and financing activities. The