counterparties, changes in consumer sentiment and consumer borrowing, spending and savings patterns, liquidity stress, or operational difficulties (such as travel limitations and limitations on occupancy in our offices) that impair our ability to manage our businesses.
Climate change could disrupt our businesses and adversely affect client activity levels and the creditworthiness of our clients and counterparties, and our actual or perceived action or inaction relating to climate change could result in damage to our reputation.
Climate change may cause or be a contributing factor to extreme weather events that disrupt operations at one or more of our primary locations, which may negatively affect our ability to service and interact with our clients, adversely affect the value of our investments, including our real estate investments, and reduce the availability or increase the cost of insurance. Climate change and the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy may also have a negative impact on the operations or financial condition of our clients and counterparties, which may decrease revenues from those clients and counterparties and increase the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those clients and counterparties. In addition, climate change may impact the broader economy.
We are also exposed to risks resulting from changes in public policy, laws and regulations, or market and public perceptions and preferences in connection with the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy. These changes could adversely affect our business, results of operations and reputation. In addition, due to divergent stakeholder views regarding climate change, we are at increased risk that any actual or perceived action, or lack thereof, by us in connection with the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy will be perceived negatively by some stakeholders and adversely affect our business and reputation. If our response to climate change is subject to criticism, our business, reputation and efforts to recruit and retain employees may suffer.
New laws, regulations or guidance relating to climate change, as well as the perspectives of government officials, regulators, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding climate change, may affect whether and on what terms and conditions we engage in certain activities or offer certain products. Federal and state, and non-U.S. banking regulators and supervisory authorities, shareholders and other stakeholders have increasingly viewed financial institutions as playing an important role in helping to address risks related to climate change, both directly and with respect to their clients, which may result in financial institutions coming under increased requirements and expectations regarding the disclosure and management of their climate risks and related lending, investment and advisory activities. For example, in 2023 we participated in a pilot climate scenario analysis