industries and countries. Limits are reviewed regularly and amended on a permanent or temporary basis to reflect changes to our strategic business plan, as well as changing market conditions, business conditions or risk tolerance. Risks limits are monitored by the respective Risk functions.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
•
Control Monitoring and Testing.
We perform control monitoring and testing to measure the effectiveness of our key controls and to ensure that we are in compliance with policies, codes of conduct, control standards and regulatory requirements. Monitoring and testing is performed by dedicated teams within the first and second lines of defense. These teams establish procedures, develop risk-based annual plans, perform control testing and escalate identified issues.
Issues identified by the dedicated teams, as well as self-identified issues by our employees, are assessed for appropriate escalation and resolution. Where material or thematic issues exist, we develop a plan to remediate them, as appropriate, and monitor the remediation activities.
•
Risk Reporting.
Effective risk reporting depends on our ability to get the right information to the right people at the right time. Risk reporting is designed to be both forward- and backward-looking and consider detailed information on existing and emerging risk exposures. Risk reporting may include stress testing and scenario analysis, information about the risk profiles for financial and nonfinancial risks, utilization of risk limits and thresholds, details of new and emerging risks identified through our risk identification processes, details of issues, significant internal and external events, and information related to the effectiveness of our controls and remediation plans. As such, we focus on the rigor and effectiveness of our risk systems, with the objective of ensuring that our risk management technology systems provide us with complete, accurate and timely information. Our risk reporting process is designed to take into account information about both existing and emerging risks, thereby enabling our risk committees and senior management to perform their responsibilities with the appropriate level of insight into risk exposures.
We make extensive use of risk committees and councils that meet regularly and serve as an important means to facilitate and foster ongoing discussions to manage and mitigate risks.
We maintain strong and proactive communication about risk and we have a culture of collaboration in decision-making among our first and second lines of defense, committees and senior management. While our first line of defense is accountable and responsible for management of their risk, we dedicate extensive resources to our second line of defense in order to reinforce the importance of having effective oversight and challenge, and a strong culture of escalation and accountability across all functions.
People.
Even the best