credit score of greater than 740.
In addition, we also have credit exposure to residential real estate loans held for securitization of $9.07 billion as of March 2025 and $10.18 billion as of December 2024. Such loans are included in trading assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Securities-Based.
Securities-based includes loans and lending commitments that are secured by stocks, bonds, mutual funds, and exchange-traded funds. These loans and commitments are primarily extended to our wealth management clients and used for purposes other than purchasing, carrying or trading margin stocks. Securities-based loans require borrowers to post additional collateral on a daily basis (daily margin requirement) based on changes in the underlying collateral’s fair value.
The table below presents our credit exposure from securities-based loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics.
In the table above, the vast majority of securities-based loans included in the other metrics category had a loan-to-value ratio of less than 80% and were performing in accordance with the contractual terms as of both March 2025 and December 2024.
Other Collateralized.
Other collateralized includes loans and lending commitments that are backed by specific collateral (other than securities-based loans where there is a daily margin requirement and real estate loans). Such loans and lending commitments are extended to clients who warehouse assets that are directly or indirectly secured by corporate loans, consumer loans and other assets. Other collateralized also includes loans and lending commitments to investment funds (managed by third parties) that are collateralized by capital commitments of the funds’ investors or assets held by the fund, as well as other secured loans and lending commitments extended to our wealth management and corporate clients.
The table below presents our credit exposure from other collateralized loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics.
In the table above, credit exposure included loans and lending commitments extended to clients who warehouse assets of $33.20 billion as of March 2025 and $31.67 billion as of December 2024.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Credit Card Loans.
We provide credit card loans (pursuant to revolving lines of credit) to consumers in the Americas. The credit card lines are cancellable by us and therefore do not result in credit exposure.
The table below presents our credit exposure from credit card funded loans and the concentration by the five most concentrated U.S. states.
See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the credit quality indicators of credit