on December 28, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a petition with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit seeking interlocutory review of the district court’s denial of class certification. On July 11, 2024, the court preliminarily approved a settlement among the plaintiffs and certain defendants, including the firm, to resolve the class action. The firm has paid the full amount of its proposed contribution to the settlement into an escrow account. The individual actions remain pending.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Corporate Bonds Antitrust Litigation
Group Inc. and GS&Co. are among the dealers named as defendants in a putative class action relating to the secondary market for odd-lot corporate bonds, filed on April 21, 2020 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The amended consolidated complaint, filed on October 29, 2020, asserts claims under federal antitrust law in connection with alleged anti-competitive conduct by the defendants in the secondary market for odd-lots of corporate bonds, and seeks declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as unspecified monetary damages, including treble and punitive damages and restitution. On October 25, 2021, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss with prejudice. On November 10, 2022, the district court denied the plaintiffs’ motion for an indicative ruling that the judgment should be vacated because the wife of the district judge owned stock in one of the defendants and the district judge did not recuse himself. On July 2, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit vacated the district court’s dismissal and remanded the case for further proceedings. On September 3, 2024, the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint, and on October 18, 2024, the defendants moved to dismiss the second amended complaint.
Credit Default Swap Antitrust Litigation
Group Inc., GS&Co. and GSI were among the defendants named in a putative antitrust class action relating to the settlement of credit default swaps, filed on June 30, 2021 in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Mexico. The complaint generally asserts claims under federal antitrust law and the Commodity Exchange Act in connection with an alleged conspiracy among the defendants to manipulate the benchmark price used to value credit default swaps for settlement. The complaint also asserts a claim for unjust enrichment under state common law. The complaint seeks declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as unspecified amounts of treble and other damages. On November 15, 2021, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. On February 4, 2022, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint and voluntarily dismissed Group Inc. from the action. On June 5, 2023, the court dismissed the claims against certain foreign defendants for lack of personal jurisdiction but denied the defendants’ motion to dismiss with respect to GS&Co., GSI and