equity decreased by approximately $0.3 billion for Asset & Wealth Management and approximately $0.1 billion for Platform Solutions. See “Results of Operations — Segment Assets and Operating Results — Segment Operating Results” for information about our average quarterly attributed equity by segment.
Share Repurchase Program.
We use our share repurchase program to help maintain the appropriate level of common equity. On an annual basis, we submit a Board of Directors of Group Inc. (Board) approved capital plan to the Federal Reserve, which includes planned share repurchases for each quarter. The share repurchases are effected primarily through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 and accelerated share repurchases), the amounts and timing of which are determined primarily by our current and projected capital position, and capital deployment opportunities, but which may also be influenced by general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of our common stock.
During the first quarter of 2025, the Board approved a share repurchase program authorizing repurchases of up to $40 billion of our common stock. The program has no set expiration or termination date. See “Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds” in Part II, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q and Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our share repurchase program, and see above for information about our capital planning and stress testing process.
During the first quarter of 2025, we returned a total of $5.34 billion of capital to common shareholders, including $4.36 billion of common share
repurchases and
$976 million
of common stock dividends.
Consistent with our capital management philosophy, we will continue prioritizing deployment of capital for our clients where returns are attractive and distribute any excess capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, while targeting a 50 to 100 basis point buffer above our capital requirement.
We are subject to a one percent non-deductible federal excise tax (buyback tax) that is applicable to the fair market value of certain corporate share repurchases. The fair market value of share repurchases subject to the tax is reduced by the fair market value of any applicable stock issued during the calendar year, including stock issued to employees. The buyback tax did not have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows for the three months ended March 2025.
Resolution Capital Models.
In connection with our resolution planning efforts, we have established a Resolution Capital Adequacy and Positioning framework, which is designed to ensure that our major subsidiaries (GS Bank USA, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (GS&Co.), GSI, GSIB, GSBE, Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. (GSJCL), Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. and Goldman Sachs Asset Management International) have access