11. Executive Compensation
Information relating to our executive officer and director compensation and the compensation committee of the Board will be in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Information relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners of our common stock and information relating to the security ownership of our management will be in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference.
The table below presents information as of December 31, 2024 regarding securities to be issued pursuant to outstanding restricted stock units (RSUs) and securities remaining available for issuance under our equity compensation plans that were in effect during 2024.
In the table above:
•
Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and Rights includes 18,300,116 shares that may be issued pursuant to outstanding RSUs. These awards are subject to vesting and other conditions to the extent set forth in the respective award agreements, and the underlying shares will be delivered net of any required tax withholding. As of December 31, 2024, there were no outstanding options.
•
Shares underlying RSUs are deliverable without the payment of any consideration, and therefore the weighted average exercise price is not applicable for these awards.
•
Securities Available For Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans represents shares remaining to be issued under our current stock incentive plan (SIP), excluding shares reflected in column (a). If any shares of common stock underlying awards granted under our current SIP or certain of our prior SIPs are not delivered due to forfeiture, termination or cancellation or are surrendered or withheld, those shares will again become available to be delivered under our current SIP. Shares available for grant are also subject to adjustment for certain changes in corporate structure as permitted under our current SIP.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions and director independence will be in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
Information regarding principal accountant fees and services will be in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference.
PART IV
Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules
(a)  Documents filed as part of this Report:
1.  Consolidated Financial Statements
The consolidated financial statements required to be filed in this Form 10-K are included in Part II, Item 8 hereof.
2.  Exhibits
2.1
Plan of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-74449)).
3.1