review of the district court’s denial of class certification. On July 11, 2024, the court preliminarily approved a settlement among the plaintiffs and certain defendants, including the firm, to resolve the class action. The firm has paid the full amount of its proposed contribution to the settlement into an escrow account. The individual actions remain pending.
Commodities-Related Litigation
GSI is among the defendants named in putative class actions relating to trading in platinum and palladium, filed beginning on November 25, 2014 and most recently amended on May 15, 2017, in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The amended complaint generally alleges that the defendants violated federal antitrust laws and the Commodity Exchange Act in connection with an alleged conspiracy to manipulate a benchmark for physical platinum and palladium prices and seek declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as treble damages in an unspecified amount. On March 29, 2020, the court granted the defendants’ motions to dismiss and for reconsideration, resulting in the dismissal of all claims, and on February 27, 2023, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit reversed the district court’s dismissal of certain plaintiffs’ antitrust claims and vacated the district court’s dismissal of the plaintiffs’ Commodity Exchange Act claim. On April 12, 2023, the defendants’ petition for rehearing or rehearing en banc with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit was denied. On July 21, 2023, the defendants filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings. On January 17, 2025, the court approved a settlement to resolve this action. The firm has paid the full amount of its contribution to the settlement.
Corporate Bonds Antitrust Litigation
Group Inc. and GS&Co. are among the dealers named as defendants in a putative class action relating to the secondary market for odd-lot corporate bonds, filed on April 21, 2020 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The amended consolidated complaint, filed on October 29, 2020, asserts claims under federal antitrust law in connection with alleged anti-competitive conduct by the defendants in the secondary market for odd-lots of corporate bonds, and seeks declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as unspecified monetary damages, including treble and punitive damages and restitution. On October 25, 2021, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss with prejudice. On November 10, 2022, the district court denied the plaintiffs’ motion for an indicative ruling that the judgment should be vacated because the wife of the district judge owned stock in one of the defendants and the district judge did not recuse himself. On July 2, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit vacated the district court’s dismissal and remanded the case for further proceedings. On September 3, 2024, the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint, and on October 18, 2024, the defendants moved