for the first quarter of 2025, 14% higher than the first quarter of 2024, primarily due to higher commissions and fees in Equities, reflecting generally higher market volumes and increased transaction fees.
Market making revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $5.72 billion for the first quarter of 2025, 6% lower than the first quarter of 2024, reflecting lower net revenues from both financing and intermediation activities. The decrease from financing activities reflected significantly lower revenues in Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities (FICC) financing. The decrease from intermediation activities primarily reflected significantly lower revenues in mortgages and currencies, partially offset by significantly higher revenues in equity products.
Other principal transactions revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $543 million for the first quarter of 2025, 50% lower than the first quarter of 2024, primarily reflecting significantly lower net gains from both derivatives related to our funding activities and investments in private equities, net losses from debt investments compared with net gains in the prior year period, and higher net losses from investments in public equities, partially offset by significantly lower net losses from hedges related to our relationship lending portfolio.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Net Interest Income.
Net interest income in the consolidated statements of earnings was $2.90 billion for the first quarter of 2025, 111% higher than the first quarter of 2024, reflecting a decrease in interest expense, partially offset by a decrease in interest income. The decrease in interest expense primarily related to other interest-bearing liabilities and deposits (each reflecting the impact of lower average interest rates). The decrease in interest income primarily related to deposits with banks and collateralized agreements (each reflecting the impact of lower average balances and lower average interest rates), and other interest-earning assets (reflecting the impact of lower average interest rates), partially offset by an increase in trading assets and investments (each reflecting the impact of higher average balances and higher yields). See “Statistical Disclosures — Distribution of Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity” for further information about our sources of net interest income.
Provision for Credit Losses
Provision for credit losses consists of provision for credit losses on financial assets and commitments accounted for at amortized cost, including loans and lending commitments held for investment. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the provision for credit losses on loans and lending commitments.
The table below presents our provision for credit losses.
Three Months Ended March 2025 versus March 2024.
Provision for credit losses in the consolidated statements of earnings was