there is a daily margin requirement and real estate loans). Such loans and lending commitments are extended to clients who warehouse assets that are directly or indirectly secured by corporate loans, consumer loans and other assets. Other collateralized also includes loans and lending commitments to investment funds (managed by third parties) that are collateralized by capital commitments of the funds’ investors or assets held by the fund, as well as other secured loans and lending commitments extended to our wealth management and corporate clients.
The table below presents our credit exposure from other collateralized loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics.
In the table above, credit exposure included loans and lending commitments extended to clients who warehouse assets of $31.67 billion as of December 2024 and $21.78 billion as of December 2023.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Credit Cards and Installment Loans.
We provide credit card loans (pursuant to revolving lines of credit) to consumers in the Americas. The credit card lines are cancellable by us and therefore do not result in credit exposure. We also have installment loans to consumers in the Americas but have ceased originating such loans.
The tables below present our credit exposure from credit card funded loans and originated installment loans, and the concentration by the five most concentrated U.S. states.
In addition, we had credit exposure of $2.25 billion as of December 2023 related to our commitments to extend unsecured installment loans to consumers.
See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the credit quality indicators of credit card and installment loans.
Other.
Other includes unsecured loans extended to wealth management clients and unsecured consumer and credit card loans purchased by us.
The table below presents our credit exposure from other loans and lending commitments, and the concentration by region, internally determined public rating agency equivalents and other credit metrics.
In the table above, other metrics primarily includes consumer and credit card loans purchased by us. Our risk assessment process for such loans includes reviewing certain key metrics, such as expected cash flows, delinquency status and other risk factors.
In addition, we also have credit exposure to other loans held for securitization of $1.22 billion as of both December 2024 and December 2023. Such loans are included in trading assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
Credit Hedges.
We seek to mitigate the credit risk associated with our lending activities by obtaining credit protection on certain loans and lending commitments through credit default swaps, both single-name and index-based contracts.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Securities