Goodwill is the cost of acquired companies in excess of the fair value of net assets, including identifiable intangible assets, at the acquisition date.
The table below presents the carrying value of goodwill by reporting unit.
Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that indicate an impairment may exist. When assessing goodwill for impairment, first, a qualitative assessment can be made to determine whether it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the results of the qualitative assessment are not conclusive, a quantitative goodwill test is performed. Alternatively, a quantitative goodwill test can be performed without performing a qualitative assessment.
The quantitative goodwill test compares the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value (including goodwill and identifiable intangible assets). If the reporting unit’s estimated fair value exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not impaired. An impairment is recognized if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value and any such impairment is included in depreciation and amortization.
When performing a quantitative goodwill test, the estimated fair value of each reporting unit is based on valuation techniques the firm believes market participants would use to value these reporting units. Estimated fair values are generally derived from utilizing a relative value technique, which applies observable price-to-earnings multiples or price-to-book multiples of comparable competitors to the reporting units’ net earnings or net book value, or a discounted cash flow valuation approach, for reporting units with businesses in early stages of development. The carrying value of each reporting unit reflects an allocation of total shareholders’ equity and represents the estimated amount of total shareholders’ equity required to support the activities of the reporting unit under currently applicable regulatory capital requirements.
During the third quarter of 2024, in connection with the planned sale of the firm’s seller financing loan portfolio, the firm performed a quantitative goodwill test and determined that the goodwill associated with Transaction banking and other was impaired, and accordingly, recorded a $
14
million impairment.
In the fourth quarter of 2024, the firm performed its annual assessment of goodwill for impairment, for each of its reporting units with goodwill, by performing a qualitative assessment. Multiple factors were assessed with respect to each of these reporting units to determine whether it was more likely than not that the estimated fair value of each of those reporting units was less than its carrying value.
The firm considered the following factors in the qualitative annual assessment:
•
Performance Indicators.
During 2024, the firm’s net revenues, efficiency ratio