to adopt a policy to invest at least 80% of the value of its assets in the type of investment, or in investments in the industry, country or geographic region, suggested by its name. The amendments expand such 80% investment policy to apply to any fund name with terms suggesting that the fund focuses in investments that have, or investments whose issuers have, particular characteristics, including names that suggest the fund incorporates ESG factors in its investment decisions. In 2022, the SEC proposed a rule that would require enhanced disclosures by certain investment advisers and investment companies about their ESG investment practices.
In 2024, the SEC adopted final rules requiring registrants to provide certain climate-related disclosures, including Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions to the extent they are material. These rules require certain disclosures related to severe weather events and other natural conditions in the notes to audited financial statements. These disclosures are required to be phased-in over multiple years beginning with fiscal year 2025 for large accelerated filers like us. However, the SEC has stayed the implementation of these rules, pending the outcome of litigation challenging the rules.
Several states in which we operate have enacted or proposed statutes, regulations or guidance addressing climate change and other ESG issues, including climate disclosure laws and climate-related financial risk management guidance. For example, in 2023, the NYDFS issued guidance on climate-related financial risk management applicable to NYDFS-regulated banking and mortgage organizations, including GS Bank USA. The guidance addresses material financial risks related to climate change faced by these organizations in the context of risk assessment, risk management, and risk appetite setting.
Certain states have also enacted, or are considering enacting, “fair access” statutes that generally prohibit financial institutions from denying or canceling services on the basis of factors, such as political opinions, religious beliefs, “social credit scores,” or any factor that is not quantitative, impartial, and risk-based.
Certain of our entities are expected to be subject, in varying degrees, to sustainability-related laws being implemented across certain jurisdictions, including by E.U. member states. E.U. rules include directives, such as the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD), both of which would, if implemented in current form, significantly expand the scope of ESG disclosure requirements applicable to us. There remains uncertainty around timing, scope and impacts to us, as numerous member states have not yet transposed some of these directives into national law, and the European Commission stated its intention to revisit these directives, among potentially others, with a desire to pursue an Omnibus package, which could impact us. Our regulated