including a resolution under OLA or the FDIA in the U.S. The U.S. ISDA Protocol, which was based on the ISDA Universal Protocol, was created to allow market participants to comply with the final QFC rules adopted by the federal bank regulatory agencies.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
The E.U. Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD), as amended by the BRRD II, establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of financial institutions in the E.U., such as GSBE. The BRRD provides national supervisory authorities with tools and powers to pre-emptively address potential financial crises in order to promote financial stability and minimize taxpayers’ exposure to losses. The BRRD requires E.U. member states to grant certain resolution powers to national and, where relevant, E.U. resolution authorities, including the power to impose a temporary stay, and to recapitalize a failing entity by writing down its unsecured debt or converting its unsecured debt into equity. Financial institutions in the E.U. must provide that contracts governed by non-E.U. law recognize those temporary stay and bail-in powers unless doing so would be impracticable. GSBE is under the direct authority of the Single Resolution Board for resolution planning. E.U. law requires financial institutions in the E.U., including subsidiaries of non-E.U. groups, to submit recovery plans and to assist the relevant resolution authority in constructing resolution plans for the E.U. entities. GSBE’s primary regulator with respect to recovery planning is the ECB, and it is also regulated by BaFin and Deutsche Bundesbank.
The U.K. Special Resolution Regime confers substantially the same powers on the Bank of England, as the U.K. resolution authority, and substantially the same requirements on U.K. financial institutions. Further, certain U.K. financial institutions, including GSI and GSIB, are required to meet the Bank of England’s expectations contained in the U.K. Resolution Assessment Framework, including with respect to loss absorbency, contractual stays, operational continuity and funding in resolution. They are also required by the PRA to submit solvent wind-down plans on how they could be wound down in a stressed environment. The PRA is also the regulatory authority in the U.K. that supervises recovery planning, and GSI and GSIB are each required to submit recovery plans to the PRA.
Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC).
The FRB’s TLAC rule, among other things, establishes minimum TLAC requirements and establishes minimum requirements for “eligible long-term debt” (i.e., debt that is unsecured, has a maturity of at least one year from issuance and satisfies certain additional criteria). In 2023, the FRB proposed to introduce a minimum denomination requirement for eligible long-term debt, among other changes.
The rule also prohibits a BHC that has been designated as a U.S. G-SIB from (i) guaranteeing subsidiaries’ liabilities that are subject to early termination