million paid to GSI and $
50
million allegedly paid to Oak Finance in connection with the Facility, alleging that GSI acted in bad faith in extending the Facility, including because GSI allegedly knew that BES was at risk of imminent failure. In October 2018, GSI commenced an action in the Lisbon Commercial Court challenging the Liquidation Committee’s decision and has since also issued a claim against the Portuguese State seeking compensation for losses of approximately $
222
million related to the failure of BES, together with a contingent claim for the $
104
million sought by the Liquidation Committee. On April 11, 2023, GSI commenced administrative proceedings against the BoP, seeking the nullification of the BoP’s September 2015 and December 2015 decisions on new grounds.
Financial Advisory Services
Group Inc. and certain of its affiliates are from time to time parties to various civil litigation and arbitration proceedings and other disputes with clients and third parties relating to the firm’s financial advisory activities. These claims generally seek, among other things, compensatory damages and, in some cases, punitive damages, and in certain cases allege that the firm did not appropriately disclose or deal with conflicts of interest.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Archegos-Related Matters
GS&Co. is among the underwriters named as defendants in a putative securities class action filed on August 13, 2021 in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, relating to ViacomCBS Inc.’s (ViacomCBS) March 2021 public offerings of $
1.7
billion of common stock and $
1.0
billion of preferred stock. In addition to the underwriters, the defendants include ViacomCBS and certain of its officers and directors. GS&Co. underwrote
646,154
shares of common stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately $
55
million and
323,077
shares of preferred stock representing an aggregate offering price of approximately $
32
million. The complaint asserts claims under the federal securities laws and alleges that the offering documents contained material misstatements and omissions, including, among other things, that the offering documents failed to disclose that Archegos Capital Management, LP (Archegos) had substantial exposure to ViacomCBS, including through total return swaps to which certain of the underwriters (the trading underwriters), including GS&Co., were allegedly counterparties, and that such underwriters failed to disclose their exposure to Archegos. On December 21, 2021, the plaintiffs filed a corrected amended complaint. The complaint seeks rescission and compensatory damages in unspecified amounts. On February 6, 2023, the trial court dismissed the claims against ViacomCBS and the individual defendants, but denied the defendants’ motions to dismiss with respect to GS&Co. and the other underwriter defendants. On January 4, 2024, the trial court granted the