targets. Such fees include overrides, which consist of the increased share of the income and gains derived primarily from our private equity and credit funds when the return on a fund’s investments over the life of the fund exceeds certain threshold returns.
•
Private banking and lending.
Our private banking and lending activities include issuing loans to our wealth management clients. Such loans are generally secured by commercial and residential real estate, securities or other assets. We also raise deposits from wealth management clients, including through Marcus. Private banking and lending revenues include net interest income allocated to deposits and net interest income earned on loans to individual clients.
•
Equity investments.
Includes investing activities related to our asset management activities primarily related to public and private equity investments in corporate, real estate and infrastructure assets. We also make investments through consolidated investment entities, substantially all of which are engaged in real estate investment activities. In addition, we make investments in connection with our activities to satisfy requirements under the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA), primarily through our Urban Investment Group.
•
Debt investments.
Includes lending activities related to our asset management activities, including investing in corporate debt, lending to middle-market clients, and providing financing for real estate and other assets. These activities include investments in mezzanine debt, senior debt and distressed debt securities.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Platform Solutions
Platform Solutions includes our consumer platforms and transaction banking and other.
Platform Solutions generates revenues from the following:
Consumer platforms.
Our Consumer platforms business issues credit cards, and raises deposits from Apple Card customers. Consumer platforms revenues primarily includes net interest income earned on credit card lending activities.
During 2024, we entered into an agreement to transition the General Motors (GM) credit card program to another issuer. The transition is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2025.
Transaction banking and other.
We provide transaction banking and other services, such as deposit-taking, payment solutions and other cash management services, for corporate and institutional clients. Transaction banking revenues include net interest income attributed to transaction banking deposits.
During 2023 and 2024, we narrowed our focus with respect to consumer-related activities by taking several actions. See “
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Regulatory and Other Matters — Other Matters — Narrowing our Focus on Consumer-Related Activities
” for further information.
Business Continuity and Information Security
Business continuity and information security, including cybersecurity, are high priorities for us. Their