$31.37 billion (primarily reflecting our clients’ activity), trading assets of $25.10 billion (primarily due to increases in government obligations, equity securities and corporate debt, reflecting the impact of our and our clients’ activities) and collateralized agreements of $23.55 billion (primarily reflecting our and our clients’ activities).
As of March 2025, total liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets were $1.64 trillion, an increase of $87.91 billion from December 2024, reflecting increases in deposits of $38.12 billion (primarily due to increases in other deposits, consumer deposits and brokered certificates of deposit), trading liabilities of $30.63 billion (primarily reflecting increases in equity securities and government obligations, driven by our and our clients’ activities), customer and other payables of $30.54 billion (primarily reflecting our clients’ activity) and borrowings of $21.53 billion (driven by net issuances), partially offset by a decrease in collateralized financings of $28.49 billion (reflecting the impact of our and our clients’ activities).
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Our total securities sold under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements), accounted for as collateralized financings, were $249.00 billion as of March 2025 and $274.38 billion as of December 2024, which were 2% lower as of March 2025 and 5% higher as of December 2024 than the average daily amount of repurchase agreements over the respective quarters. As of March 2025, the decrease in our repurchase agreements relative to the average daily amount of repurchase agreements during the quarter resulted from lower levels of our and our clients’ activities at the end of the period.
The level of our repurchase agreements fluctuates between and within periods, primarily due to providing clients with access to highly liquid collateral, such as certain government and agency obligations, through collateralized financing activities.
The table below presents information about our balance sheet and leverage ratios.
In the table above:
•
The leverage ratio equals total assets divided by total shareholders’ equity and measures the proportion of equity and debt we use to finance assets. This ratio is different from the leverage ratios included in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.
•
The debt-to-equity ratio equals unsecured long-term borrowings divided by total shareholders’ equity.
The table below presents information about our shareholders’ equity and book value per common share, including the reconciliation of common shareholders’ equity to tangible common shareholders’ equity.
In the table above:
•
Tangible common shareholders’ equity is calculated as total shareholders’ equity less preferred stock, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. We believe that tangible common shareholders’ equity is meaningful because it is a measure that we and investors use to assess capital