required to divest its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries or to cease engaging in activities other than the business of banking and certain closely related activities.
In addition, we are required to obtain prior FRB approval before certain acquisitions and before engaging in certain banking and other financial activities both within and outside the U.S.
U.S. G-SIBs, like us, are also required to comply with a rule regarding single counterparty credit limits, which imposes more stringent requirements for credit exposures to major financial institutions.
The New York State banking law imposes lending limits (which take into account credit exposure from derivative transactions) and other requirements that have in the past impacted and could in the future impact the manner and scope of GS Bank USA’s activities.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have issued guidance that focuses on transaction structures and risk management frameworks and that outlines high-level principles for safe-and-sound leveraged lending, including underwriting standards, valuation and stress testing. This guidance has, among other things, limited the percentage amount of debt that can be included in certain transactions.
As a German credit institution, GSBE is subject to Volcker Rule-type prohibitions under German banking law and regulations because its financial assets exceed certain thresholds. Prohibited activities include (i) proprietary trading, (ii) high-frequency trading at a German trading venue, and (iii) lending and guarantee businesses with German hedge funds, German funds of hedge funds or any non-German substantially leveraged alternative investment funds, unless an exclusion or an exemption applies.
As part of its implementation of the Basel III Revisions, the E.U. introduced new restrictions on the provision of certain “core” banking services (i.e., deposit-taking, lending and the provision of commitments and guarantees) cross-border into the E.U. Contracts in place before June 2026 will be subject to a “grandfathering” provision and new core banking services will need to be executed out of our subsidiaries established in the E.U., including GSBE.
U.K. banks that have over £35 billion of core retail deposits are required to separate their retail banking services from their investment and international banking activities, commonly known as “ring-fencing.” GSIB is not currently subject to the ring-fencing requirement.
CRA.
In 2023, GS Bank USA ceased to be assessed as a “wholesale bank” for CRA and New York Community Reinvestment Act (NYCRA) compliance purposes. GS Bank USA instead adopted a strategic plan that was approved by the FRB and NYDFS. The 2023 strategic plan will be in effect through 2028. While the plan is in effect, its terms will not be impacted by the revised federal CRA regulations, jointly published by the FDIC, FRB, and OCC in 2023. The revised federal CRA regulations tailor CRA