U.S. dollar cash deposits.
•
The non-U.S. dollar-denominated GCLA consists of non-U.S. government obligations (only unencumbered German, French, Japanese and U.K. government obligations) and certain overnight cash deposits in highly liquid currencies.
We maintain our GCLA to enable us to meet current and potential liquidity requirements of our parent company, Group Inc., and its subsidiaries. Our Modeled Liquidity Outflow and Intraday Liquidity Model incorporate a requirement for Group Inc., as well as a standalone requirement for each of our major broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries. Funding IHC is required to provide the necessary liquidity to Group Inc. during the ordinary course of business, and is also obligated to provide capital and liquidity support to major subsidiaries in the event of our material financial distress or failure. Liquidity held directly in each of our major broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries is intended for use only by that subsidiary to meet its liquidity requirements and is assumed not to be available to Group Inc. or Funding IHC unless (i) legally provided for and (ii) there are no additional regulatory, tax or other restrictions. In addition, the Modeled Liquidity Outflow and Intraday Liquidity Model also incorporate a broader assessment of standalone liquidity requirements for other subsidiaries and we hold a portion of our GCLA directly at Group Inc. or Funding IHC to support such requirements.
Other Unencumbered Assets.
In addition to our GCLA, we have a significant amount of other unencumbered cash and financial instruments, including other government obligations, high-grade money market securities, corporate obligations, marginable equities, loans and cash deposits not included in our GCLA. The fair value of our unencumbered assets averaged $309.70 billion for the three months ended March 2025 and $295.49 billion for the three months ended December 2024. We do not consider these assets liquid enough to be eligible for our GCLA.
Liquidity Regulatory Framework
We are subject to a minimum Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) under the LCR rule approved by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies. The LCR rule requires organizations to maintain an adequate ratio of eligible high-quality liquid assets (HQLA) to expected net cash outflows under an acute, short-term liquidity stress scenario. Eligible HQLA excludes HQLA held by subsidiaries that is in excess of their minimum requirement and is subject to transfer restrictions. We are required to maintain a minimum LCR of 100%. We expect that fluctuations in client activity, business mix and the market environment will impact our LCR.
The table below presents information about our average daily LCR.
I
n the table above, our average quarterly LCR represents the average of our daily LCRs during the quarter.
We are also subject to a minimum Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) under the NSFR rule approved by the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies. The NSFR rule requires large