cost) and credit card loans (at amortized cost).
•
Lending commitments related to modified loans were $
156
million as of December 2024 and were
not
material as of December 2023.
•
During 2024, loans that defaulted after being modified were
not
material. During 2023, the firm charged off approximately $
100
million of loans that had defaulted after being modified. Substantially all of the remaining modified loans were performing in accordance with the modified contractual terms as of both December 2024 and December 2023.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Allowance for Credit Losses
The firm’s allowance for credit losses consists of the allowance for losses on loans and lending commitments accounted for at amortized cost. Loans and lending commitments accounted for at fair value or accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value are not subject to an allowance for credit losses.
To determine the allowance for credit losses, the firm classifies its loans and lending commitments accounted for at amortized cost into wholesale and consumer portfolios. These portfolios represent the level at which the firm has developed and documented its methodology to determine the allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective basis for loans that exhibit similar risk characteristics using a modeled approach and on an asset-specific basis for loans that do not share similar risk characteristics.
The allowance for credit losses takes into account the weighted average of a range of forecasts of future economic conditions over the expected life of the loans and lending commitments. The expected life of each loan or lending commitment is determined based on the contractual term adjusted for extension options or demand features, or is modeled in the case of revolving credit card loans. The forecasts include baseline, favorable and adverse economic scenarios over a
three-year
period. For loans with expected lives beyond three years, the model reverts to historical loss information based on a non-linear modeled approach. The forecasted economic scenarios consider a number of risk factors relevant to the wholesale and consumer portfolios described below. The firm applies judgment in weighing individual scenarios each quarter based on a variety of factors, including the firm’s internally derived economic outlook, market consensus, recent macroeconomic conditions and industry trends.
The allowance for credit losses also includes qualitative components which allow management to reflect the uncertain nature of economic forecasting, capture uncertainty regarding model inputs, and account for model imprecision and concentration risk. The qualitative factors considered by management include, among others, changes and trends in loan portfolios, uncertainties associated with the macroeconomic and geopolitical environments, credit concentrations, changes in volume and severity of past