statements for further information about total non-interest revenues and net interest income.
Operating Environment.
During the first quarter of 2025, the operating environment was generally characterized by continued broad macroeconomic concerns and market volatility, including concerns and uncertainty about inflation, changes in international trade policies (including the potential for new or increased tariffs), geopolitical risks and global central bank policies. Industry-wide investment banking activity levels experienced a decline in completed mergers and acquisitions transactions and equity underwriting volumes compared with the fourth quarter of 2024, while debt underwriting volumes were significantly higher. In market making, activity levels increased compared with the prior quarter. Additionally, U.S. equity prices decreased compared with the end of 2024, while non-U.S. equity prices and global bond prices generally increased. In the U.S., the rate of unemployment remained low and the pace of growth in consumer spending declined compared with the fourth quarter of 2024.
If uncertainty and concerns about geopolitical risks and the economic outlook remain elevated or grow, including those about global central bank policies, inflation, and changes in international trade policies (including the potential for new or increased tariffs), it may lead to a decline in asset prices, a decline in market-making activity levels, or a continued decline in investment banking activity levels, and net revenues and provision for credit losses would likely be negatively impacted. See “Segment Assets and Operating Results — Segment Operating Results” for information about the operating environment and material trends and uncertainties that may impact our results of operations.
Three Months Ended March 2025 versus March 2024
Net revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $15.06 billion for the first quarter of 2025, 6% higher than the first quarter of 2024, primarily reflecting significantly higher net interest income and higher investment management revenues, partially offset by significantly lower other principal transactions revenues and lower market making revenues.
Non-Interest Revenues.
Investment banking revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $1.92 billion for the first quarter of 2025, 8% lower than the first quarter of 2024, primarily due to significantly lower revenues in advisory compared with a strong prior year period, partially offset by higher revenues in debt underwriting, primarily driven by asset-backed and investment-grade activity.
Investment management revenues in the consolidated statements of earnings were $2.76 billion for the first quarter of 2025, 11% higher than the first quarter of 2024, primarily due to higher management and other fees, primarily reflecting the impact of higher average assets under supervision (AUS).
Commissions and fees in the consolidated statements of earnings were $1.23 billion