corrupt and illegal payments to, and hiring practices with regard to, government officials and others. Violation of these or similar laws and regulations have in the past resulted in and could in the future result in significant monetary penalties. Such violations could also result in severe restrictions on our activities and damage to our reputation.
Certain law enforcement authorities have recently required admissions of wrongdoing, and, in some cases, criminal pleas, as part of the resolutions of matters brought against financial institutions or their employees. See for example, “1MDB-Related Matters” in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Any such resolution of a criminal matter involving us or our employees could lead to increased exposure to civil litigation, could adversely affect our reputation, could result in penalties or limitations on our ability to conduct our activities generally or in certain circumstances and could have other negative effects. Further, as a result of this type of settlement, we are no longer a “well-known seasoned issuer,” which places limitations on the manner in which we can market our securities.
In conducting our businesses around the world, we are subject to political, legal, regulatory, tax and other risks that are inherent in operating in many countries.
In conducting our businesses and supporting our global operations, we are subject to risks of possible nationalization, expropriation, price controls, capital controls, exchange controls, communications and other content restrictions, and other restrictive governmental actions. For example, sanctions have been imposed by the U.S. and the E.U. on certain individuals and companies in Russia and Venezuela. In many countries, the laws and regulations applicable to the securities and financial services industries and many of the transactions in which we are involved are uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult for us to determine the exact requirements of local laws in every market. We have been, in some cases, subject to divergent and conflicting laws and regulations across markets, and we are increasingly subject to the risk that the jurisdictions in which we operate have implemented or may implement laws and regulations that directly conflict with those of another jurisdiction. Any determination by local regulators that we have not acted in compliance with the application of local laws in a particular market or our failure to develop effective working relationships with local regulators could have a significant and negative effect not only on our businesses in that market, but also on our reputation generally. Further, in some jurisdictions a failure, or alleged failure, to comply with laws and regulations has subjected and may in the future subject us and our personnel not only to civil actions, but also criminal actions and other sanctions. We are also subject to the enhanced risk that transactions