cash transactions and by June 2026 for repurchase transactions.
GS&Co. and other U.S. subsidiaries are also subject to rules adopted by U.S. federal agencies pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act that require any person who organizes or initiates certain asset-backed securities transactions to retain a portion (generally, at least five percent) of any credit risk that the person conveys to a third party. For certain securitization transactions, retention by third-party purchasers may satisfy this requirement.
In Europe, we provide broker-dealer services, including through GSBE, GSPIC and GSI, that are subject to oversight by European and national regulators. These services are regulated in accordance with E.U., U.K. and other national laws and regulations. These laws require, among other things, compliance with certain capital adequacy and liquidity standards, customer protection requirements and market conduct and trade reporting rules. Certain of our European subsidiaries are also regulated by the securities, derivatives and commodities exchanges of which they are members.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
In the E.U. and the U.K., the Markets in Financial Instruments Directives (MiFID II) and the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulations (MiFIR) (as amended from time to time, including the proposed amendments to MiFID II and MiFIR), have established trading venue categories for the purposes of discharging the obligation to trade OTC derivatives on a trading platform, established enhanced pre- and post-trade transparency covering a wide range of financial instruments, placed volume caps on non-transparent liquidity trading for equities trading venues, limited the use of broker-dealer equities crossing networks and created a regime for systematic internalizers in certain financial instruments (which are investment firms that execute transactions outside a trading venue). Additional control requirements apply to algorithmic trading, high frequency trading and direct electronic access. Commodities trading firms are required to calculate their positions and adhere to specific position limits. MiFID II and MiFIR also require transaction reporting, transparency on costs and charges to clients for portfolio management and investment advice services, restrictions on the way investment managers can pay for the receipt of investment research, rules limiting the payment and receipt of soft commissions and other forms of inducements, and rules addressing bundling for broker-dealers between execution and other major services. Certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries, including GSBE, GSI and GSIB, are subject to E.U. and U.K. regulation applicable to securitization activities, which will require them to conduct upfront due diligence and ongoing monitoring in connection with their investment in securitization positions and may impose ongoing risk retention and transparency requirements where they are acting as a sponsor, original lender or originator in