assumptions.
Risk, which is part of our second line of defense and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our interest rate risk (including EaR and EVE sensitivity) by providing independent firmwide oversight and challenge across our global businesses.
Stress Testing.
Stress testing is a method of determining the effect of various hypothetical stress scenarios. We use stress tests to examine risks of specific portfolios, as well as the potential impact of our significant risk exposures. We use a variety of stress testing techniques to calculate the potential loss from a wide range of market moves on our portfolios, including firmwide stress tests, sensitivity analysis and scenario analysis. The results of our various stress tests are analyzed together for risk management purposes. See “Overview and Structure of Risk Management” for information about firmwide stress tests.
Sensitivity analysis is used to quantify the impact of a market move in a single risk factor across all positions (e.g., equity prices or credit spreads) using a variety of defined market shocks, ranging from those that could be expected over a one-day time horizon up to those that could take many months to occur. We also use sensitivity analysis to quantify the impact of the default of any single entity, which captures the risk of large or concentrated exposures.
Scenario analysis is used to quantify the impact of a specified event, including how the event impacts multiple risk factors simultaneously. For example, for sovereign stress testing we calculate potential direct exposure associated with our sovereign positions, as well as the corresponding debt, equity and currency exposures associated with our non-sovereign positions that may be impacted by the sovereign distress. When conducting scenario analysis, we often consider a number of possible outcomes for each scenario, ranging from moderate to severely adverse market impacts. In addition, these stress tests are constructed using both historical events and forward-looking hypothetical scenarios.
Unlike VaR measures, which have an implied probability because they are calculated at a specified confidence level, there may not be an implied probability that our stress testing scenarios will occur. Instead, stress testing is used to model both moderate and more extreme moves in underlying market factors. When estimating potential loss, we generally assume that our positions cannot be reduced or hedged (although experience demonstrates that we are generally able to do so).
Limits
We use market risk limits at various levels to manage the size of our market exposures. These limits are set based on VaR, EaR and on a range of stress tests relevant to our exposures. See “Overview and Structure of Risk Management” for information about the limit approval process.
Limits are monitored by Corporate Treasury and Risk. Risk is responsible for identifying and escalating to