Risk Management,” “Model Risk Management” and “Other Risk Management,” as well as “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K.
Overview and Structure of Risk Management
Overview
Effective risk management is critical to our success. Accordingly, we have established an enterprise risk management framework that employs a comprehensive, integrated approach to risk management and is designed to enable comprehensive risk management processes through which we identify, assess, monitor and manage the risks we assume in conducting our activities. Our risk management structure is built around three core components: governance, processes and people.
Governance.
Risk management governance starts with the Board, which both directly and through its committees, including its Risk Committee, oversees our approach to managing our risks through the enterprise risk management framework. The Board is also responsible for the annual review and approval of our risk appetite statement. The risk appetite statement describes the levels and types of risk we are willing to accept or to avoid in order to achieve our objectives included in our strategy and business plan, while remaining in compliance with regulatory requirements. The Board reviews our strategy and business plan and is ultimately responsible for overseeing and providing direction about our strategy and risk appetite.
The Board, including through its committees, receives regular briefings on firmwide risks, including liquidity risk, market risk, credit risk, operational risk, model risk and climate risk, from our chief risk officer, on cybersecurity threats and risks from our chief information security officer (CISO), on compliance risk and conduct risk from our chief compliance officer, on legal and regulatory enforcement matters from our chief legal officer, and on other matters impacting our reputation from the chair and/or vice-chairs of our Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee. The chief risk officer reports to our chief executive officer and to the Risk Committee of the Board. As part of the review of the firmwide risk portfolio, the chief risk officer regularly advises the Risk Committee of the Board of relevant risk metrics and material exposures, including risk limits and thresholds established in our risk appetite statement.
Enterprise Risk, which reports to our chief risk officer, is responsible for ensuring that our enterprise risk management framework provides the Board, our risk committees and senior management with a consistent and integrated approach to managing our various risks in a manner consistent with our risk appetite.
Our first line of defense consists of our revenue-producing units, Conflicts Resolution, Controllers, Engineering, Corporate Treasury and certain other corporate functions. The first line of defense is responsible for its risk-generating activities, as well as for the design and execution of controls to mitigate such risks.
Our Risk and Compliance functions are