unsecured short-term borrowings. Junior subordinated debt is junior in right of payment to other subordinated borrowings, which are junior to senior borrowings.
Subordinated debt had maturities ranging from 2025 to 2045 as of both December 2024 and December 2023.
The table below presents information about subordinated borrowings.
In the table above:
•
The par amount of subordinated debt issued by Group Inc. was $
12.13
billion as of December 2024 and $
12.22
billion as of December 2023, and the carrying value of subordinated debt issued by Group Inc. was $
11.22
billion as of December 2024 and $
11.90
billion as of December 2023.
•
The rate is the weighted average interest rate for these borrowings (excluding borrowings accounted for at fair value under the fair value option), including the effect of fair value hedges used to convert fixed-rate obligations into floating-rate obligations. See Note 7 for further information about hedging activities.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Junior Subordinated Debt
In 2004, Group Inc. issued $
2.84
billion of junior subordinated debt to Goldman Sachs Capital I, a Delaware statutory trust. Goldman Sachs Capital I issued $
2.75
billion of guaranteed preferred beneficial interests (Trust Preferred securities) to third parties and $
85
million of common beneficial interests to Group Inc. As of both December 2024 and December 2023, the outstanding par amount of junior subordinated debt held by Goldman Sachs Capital I was $
968
million and the outstanding par amount of Trust Preferred securities and common beneficial interests issued by Goldman Sachs Capital I was $
939
million and $
29
million, respectively. Goldman Sachs Capital I is a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of the firm for regulatory and legal purposes but is not consolidated for accounting purposes.
The firm pays interest semi-annually on the junior subordinated debt at an annual rate of
6.345
% and the debt matures on February 15, 2034. The coupon rate and the payment dates applicable to the beneficial interests are the same as the interest rate and payment dates for the junior subordinated debt. The firm has the right, from time to time, to defer payment of interest on the junior subordinated debt, and therefore cause payment on Goldman Sachs Capital I’s preferred beneficial interests to be deferred, in each case up to
ten
consecutive semi-annual periods. During any such deferral period, the firm will not be permitted to, among other things, pay dividends on or make certain repurchases of its common stock. Goldman Sachs Capital I is not permitted to pay any distributions on the common beneficial interests held by Group Inc. unless all dividends payable on the preferred beneficial interests have been paid in full.
Note 15.
Other Liabilities
The table below presents other liabilities by type.
Operating Lease Liabilities
For leases longer than one year, the firm recognizes a right-of-use asset