a three-year transition period for the calculation of Expanded Risk-Based approach risk-weighted assets (RWAs). The proposal includes the replacement of the Advanced approach with an Expanded Risk-Based approach, which eliminates the use of internal models to calculate RWAs for credit and operational risk. The proposal incorporates the application of the SCB requirements in the Expanded Risk-Based approach. The credit risk component of the Expanded Risk-Based approach would include new risk weights for many counterparty and exposure types, a revised collateral haircut approach for certain collateralized transactions and additional restrictions for recognizing collateral in certain securities financing transactions. Under the proposed rules, the RWAs for operational risk would be calculated primarily based on revenues and historical losses. In addition, the proposal introduces the FRTB, which would replace the market risk rule for both the Standardized and Expanded Risk-Based approaches and introduce a new credit valuation adjustment (CVA) risk RWA calculation for the Expanded Risk-Based approach. The FRB has indicated that it expects to work with the other U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies in 2025 on a revised proposal.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
In 2024, the E.U. adopted rules to implement the Basel III Revisions through amendments to the CRR and the CRD, referred to as CRR III and CRD VI. The amendments include the FRTB rules, revised rules for credit risk capital, a new standardized approach for operational risk and CVA risk capital and a floor on internally modeled capital requirements at a percentage of the capital requirements under the standardized approach, commonly known as the “output floor.” Substantial parts of these rules became effective in January 2025, though certain provisions applied beginning in July 2024. The FRTB rules are currently expected to apply from January 2026.
The PRA issued near final rules with a proposed effective date of January 1, 2027, implementing Basel III Revisions, including new rules covering the FRTB, credit risk, counterparty credit risk, CVA risk and operational risk for the U.K. Under the PRA near final rules, our U.K. subsidiaries are not expected to be subject to a floor on internally modeled capital requirements.
The Basel Committee has published an updated securitization framework and a revised G-SIB assessment methodology. The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies’ July 2023 proposal would implement the updated securitization framework. The updated securitization framework has been implemented in the E.U. and U.K.
The Basel Committee has also published a final standard on the prudential treatment of cryptoasset exposures. The Basel Committee contemplates that national regulators will have incorporated the standard into local capital requirements by January 1, 2026. U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies and E.U. and U.K. authorities have not yet proposed rules implementing