risks discussed above, we also manage other risks, including capital, climate, compliance, conflicts and reputational. These areas of risks are discussed below.
Capital Risk Management
Capital risk is the risk that our capital is insufficient to support our business activities under normal and stressed market conditions or we face capital reductions or RWA increases, including from new or revised rules or changes in interpretations of existing rules, and are therefore unable to meet our internal capital targets or external regulatory capital requirements. Capital adequacy is of critical importance to us. Accordingly, we have in place a comprehensive capital management policy that provides a framework, defines objectives and establishes guidelines to maintain an appropriate level and composition of capital in both business-as-usual and stressed conditions. Our capital management framework is designed to provide us with the information needed to identify and comprehensively manage risk, and develop and apply projected stress scenarios that capture idiosyncratic vulnerabilities with a goal of holding sufficient capital to remain adequately capitalized even after experiencing a severe stress event. See “Capital Management and Regulatory Capital” for further information about our capital management process.
We have established a comprehensive governance structure to manage and oversee our day-to-day capital management activities and to ensure compliance with capital rules and related policies. Our capital management activities are overseen by the Board and its committees. The Board is responsible for approving our annual capital plan and the Risk Committee of the Board approves our capital management policy, which details the risk committees and members of senior management who are responsible for the ongoing monitoring of our capital adequacy and evaluation of current and future regulatory capital requirements, the review of the results of our capital planning and stress tests processes, and the results of our capital models. In addition, our risk committees and senior management are responsible for the review of our contingency capital plan, key capital adequacy metrics, including regulatory capital ratios, and capital plan metrics, such as the payout ratio, as well as monitoring capital targets and potential breaches of capital requirements.
Our process for managing capital risk also includes independent oversight by Risk that assesses our capital management framework, regulatory capital policies and related interpretations and escalates certain interpretations to senior management and/or the appropriate risk committee. This oversight includes, among other things, independent review and challenge of our capital ratio targets, planned capital actions and regulatory capital calculations; analysis of the related documentation; independent testing; and an assessment of the appropriateness of the calculations and their alignment with the relevant