assessments; and increased standards of care for broker-dealers and investment advisers in dealing with clients. The implementation of higher capital requirements, more stringent requirements relating to liquidity, long-term debt and total loss-absorbing capacity and the prohibition on proprietary trading and the sponsorship of, or investment in, covered funds by the Volcker Rule may continue to adversely affect our profitability and competitive position, particularly where these requirements do not apply equally to our competitors. We may become subject to higher and more stringent capital and other regulatory requirements as a result of the implementation of the Basel Committee’s finalization of the post-crisis regulatory capital reforms as well as future Basel Committee standards. Substantial parts of the E.U. rules implementing the Basel III Revisions became effective on January 1, 2025; the E.U. has delayed implementation of the FRTB rules to January 1, 2026; the U.K. issued near final rules implementing the Basel III revisions with a proposed effective date of January 1, 2027; and the FRB has indicated that it expects to work with the other U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies in 2025 on a revised proposal. See “Business — Regulation — Banking Supervision and Regulation — Risk-Based Capital Ratios” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K for further information about proposed and adopted regulatory requirements.
As described in “Business — Regulation — Banking Supervision and Regulation — Risk-Based Capital Ratios” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K, the SCB has replaced the capital conservation buffer under the Standardized Capital Rules and resulted in higher and more volatile Standardized capital ratio requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements could limit our ability to, among other things, repurchase shares, pay dividends and make certain discretionary compensation payments. In addition, if we are required to resubmit our capital plan, we generally may not make capital distributions, such as share repurchases or dividends, without the prior approval of the FRB. Dividends and repurchases are also subject to oversight by the FRB, which can result in limitations. Limitations on our ability to make capital distributions could, among other things, prevent us from returning capital to our shareholders and impact our return on equity. Additionally, as a G‑SIB, we are subject to the G‑SIB surcharge. Our G‑SIB surcharge is updated annually based on financial data from the prior year. Expansion of our businesses, growth in our balance sheet and increased reliance on short-term wholesale funding have resulted in increases and in the future may result in further increases in our G‑SIB surcharge and a corresponding increase in our capital requirements. Effective on January 1, 2026, our G-SIB surcharge is expected to increase from 3.0% to 3.5%. The July 2023 proposal from the FRB would introduce additional granularity in the surcharge