Protection Bureau (CFPB), and is subject to regulatory capital requirements that are calculated under the Capital Framework. GS Bank USA is an “Advanced approaches” banking organization under the Capital Framework. The deposits of GS Bank USA are insured by the FDIC to the extent provided by law.
The Capital Framework includes the minimum risk-based capital and the capital conservation buffer requirements (consisting of a
2.5
% buffer and the countercyclical capital buffer). The buffer must consist entirely of capital that qualifies as CET1 capital. In addition, the Capital Framework includes the leverage ratio requirement. GS Bank USA is required to calculate the CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital ratios in accordance with both the Standardized and Advanced Capital Rules. The lower of each risk-based capital ratio under the Standardized and Advanced Capital Rules is the ratio against which GS Bank USA’s compliance with its risk-based capital requirements is assessed. In addition, under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action applicable to GS Bank USA, in order to meet the quantitative requirements for a “well-capitalized” depository institution, GS Bank USA must also meet the “well-capitalized” requirements in the table below. GS Bank USA’s capital levels and prompt corrective action classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components of capital, risk weightings and other factors. Failure to comply with the capital requirements, including a breach of the buffers described below, would result in restrictions being imposed by the regulators.
The table below presents GS Bank USA’s risk-based capital, leverage and “well-capitalized” requirements.
In the table above:
•
The CET1 capital ratio requirement includes a minimum of
4.5
%, the Tier 1 capital ratio requirement includes a minimum of
6.0
% and the Total capital ratio requirement includes a minimum of
8.0
%. These requirements also include the capital conservation buffer requirements consisting of a
2.5
% buffer and the countercyclical capital buffer, which the FRB has set to
zero percent
.
•
The “well-capitalized” requirements are the binding requirements for leverage ratios.
The table below presents information about GS Bank USA’s risk-based capital ratios.
In the table above:
•
The lower of the Standardized or Advanced ratio is the ratio against which GS Bank USA’s compliance with the capital requirements is assessed under the risk-based Capital Rules, and therefore, the Standardized ratios applied to GS Bank USA as of both December 2024 and December 2023.
•
Beginning in January 2022, GS Bank USA started to phase in the estimated reduction to regulatory capital as a result of adopting the CECL model at
25
% per year through January 2025. The total amount to be phased in includes the impact of adopting CECL as of January 1, 2020, as well as
25
% of the increase in the allowance for credit losses from January 1, 2020 through