appropriate amount, (ii) matters are in early stages, (iii) matters relate to regulatory investigations or reviews, except in those instances where management can otherwise determine an appropriate amount, (iv) there is uncertainty as to the likelihood of a class being certified or the ultimate size of the class, (v) there is uncertainty as to the outcome of pending appeals or motions, (vi) there are significant factual issues to be resolved, and/or (vii) there are novel legal issues presented. For example, the firm’s potential liabilities with respect to the investigations and reviews described below in “Regulatory Investigations and Reviews and Related Litigation” generally are not included in management’s estimate of reasonably possible loss. However, management does not believe, based on currently available information, that the outcomes of such other matters will have a material adverse effect on the firm’s financial condition, though the outcomes could be material to the firm’s operating results for any particular period, depending, in part, upon the operating results for such period.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
1MDB-Related Matters
Between 2012 and 2013, subsidiaries of the firm acted as arrangers or purchasers of approximately $
6.5
billion of debt securities of 1MDB.
On November 1, 2018, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) unsealed a criminal information and guilty plea by Tim Leissner, a former participating managing director of the firm, and an indictment against Ng Chong Hwa, a former managing director of the firm. On August 28, 2018, Leissner was adjudicated guilty by the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York of conspiring to launder money and to violate the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act’s (FCPA) anti-bribery and internal accounting controls provisions. Ng was charged with conspiring to launder money and to violate the FCPA’s anti-bribery and internal accounting controls provisions, and on April 8, 2022, Ng was found guilty on all counts following a trial.
On August 18, 2020, the firm announced that it entered into a settlement agreement with the Government of Malaysia to resolve the criminal and regulatory proceedings in Malaysia involving the firm, which includes a guarantee that the Government of Malaysia receives at least $
1.4
billion in assets and proceeds from assets seized by governmental authorities around the world related to 1MDB. See Note 18 for further information about this guarantee, including related arbitration proceedings.
On October 22, 2020, the firm announced that it reached settlements of governmental and regulatory investigations relating to 1MDB with the DOJ, the SEC, the FRB, the NYDFS, the Financial Conduct Authority, the Prudential Regulation Authority, the Singapore Attorney General’s Chambers, the Singapore Commercial Affairs Department, the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the Hong Kong Securities and Futures