the FRB’s invoking its source-of-strength authority or in response to other regulatory measures, that commitment will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee for the BHC and the bank will be entitled to priority payment in respect of that commitment, ahead of other creditors of the BHC.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Transactions Between Affiliates.
Transactions between GS Bank USA or its subsidiaries, including GSBE, and Group Inc. or its other subsidiaries and affiliates are subject to restrictions under the Federal Reserve Act and regulations issued by the FRB. These laws and regulations generally limit the types and amounts of transactions (such as loans and other credit extensions, including credit exposure arising from resale agreements, securities borrowing and derivative transactions, from GS Bank USA or its subsidiaries to Group Inc. or its other subsidiaries and affiliates and purchases of assets by GS Bank USA or its subsidiaries from Group Inc. or its other subsidiaries and affiliates) that may take place and generally require those transactions, to the extent permitted, to be on market terms or better to GS Bank USA or its subsidiaries. These laws and regulations generally do not apply to transactions between GS Bank USA and its subsidiaries. Similarly, German regulatory requirements provide that certain transactions between GSBE and GS Bank USA or its other affiliates, including Group Inc., must be on market terms and are subject to special internal approval requirements. PRA rules also provide requirements for transactions between GSI and GSIB and their respective affiliates.
Resolution and Recovery Plans.
We are required by the FRB and the FDIC to submit a periodic plan for our rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure (resolution plan). If these regulators jointly determine that an institution has failed to remediate identified deficiencies in its resolution plan or that its resolution plan, after any permitted resubmission, is not credible or would not facilitate an orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, they may jointly impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on growth, activities or operations, or may jointly order the institution to divest assets or operations, in order to facilitate orderly resolution in the event of failure. The FRB and FDIC require U.S. G-SIBs to submit resolution plans every two years (alternating between submissions of full plans and targeted plans that include only select information). We submitted our 2023 resolution plan, which was a full submission, in June 2023. In June 2024, the FRB and the FDIC provided feedback on our 2023 resolution plan and identified one shortcoming, other areas for additional focus to address resolution readiness and additional information required to be included in our 2025 resolution plan. In August 2024, we submitted a description of our key actions to address the