alongside our clients that invest in investment funds that we raise or manage. We also have investments in alternative assets across a range of asset classes. Our investing activities, which are typically longer-term, include investments in corporate equity, credit, real estate and infrastructure assets.
Asset & Wealth Management generates revenues from the following:
•
Management and other fees.
We receive fees related to managing assets for institutional and individual clients, providing investing and wealth advisory solutions, providing financial planning and counseling services, and executing brokerage transactions for wealth management clients. The vast majority of revenues in management and other fees consists of asset-based fees on client assets that we manage. For further information about assets under supervision, see “Assets Under Supervision” below. The fees that we charge vary by asset class, client channel and the types of services provided, and are affected by investment performance, as well as asset inflows and redemptions.
•
Incentive fees.
In certain circumstances, we also receive incentive fees based on a percentage of a fund’s or a separately managed account’s return, or when the return exceeds a specified benchmark or other performance targets. Such fees include overrides, which consist of the increased share of the income and gains derived primarily from our private equity and credit funds when the return on a fund’s investments over the life of the fund exceeds certain threshold returns.
•
Private banking and lending.
Our private banking and lending activities include issuing loans to our wealth management clients.
Such loans are generally secured by commercial and residential real estate, securities or other assets.
We also raise deposits from wealth management clients, including through Marcus. Private banking and lending revenues include net interest income allocated to deposits and net interest income earned on loans to individual clients.
•
Equity investments.
Includes investing activities related to our asset management activities primarily related to public and private equity investments in corporate, real estate and infrastructure assets. We also make investments through CIEs, substantially all of which are engaged in real estate investment activities. In addition, we make investments in connection with our activities to satisfy requirements under the Community Reinvestment Act, primarily through our Urban Investment Group.
•
Debt investments.
Includes lending activities related to our asset management activities, including investing in corporate debt, lending to middle-market clients, and providing financing for real estate and other assets. These activities include investments in mezzanine debt, senior debt and distressed debt securities.
The table below presents our Asset & Wealth Management assets.
The table below presents details about our Asset & Wealth Management loans.
In the table above, gross loans included