reasonably possible aggregate loss estimate and judicial, regulatory and legal proceedings.
Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
PART II
Item 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The principal market on which our common stock is traded is the NYSE under the symbol “GS.” Information relating to the performance of our common stock from December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2024 is set forth in “Supplemental Financial Information — Common Stock Performance” in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. As of February 7, 2025, there were 5,251 holders of record of our common stock.
The table below presents purchases made by or on behalf of Group Inc. or any “affiliated purchaser” (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2024.
In 2023, our Board approved a share repurchase program authorizing repurchases of up to $30 billion of our common stock. This program replaced our previous share repurchase program and has no set expiration or termination date. The share repurchases are effected primarily through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 and accelerated share repurchases), the amounts and timing of which are determined primarily by our current and projected capital position, and capital deployment opportunities, but which may also be influenced by the evolution of current and future regulatory capital requirements, general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of our common stock. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Capital Management and Regulatory Capital — Capital Management — Share Repurchase Program” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K for further information.
Information relating to compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance is presented in Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Introduction
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (Group Inc. or parent company), a Delaware corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, is a leading global financial institution that delivers a broad range of financial services to a large and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, we are headquartered in New York and maintain offices in all major financial centers around the world. We manage and report our activities in three business segments: Global Banking & Markets, Asset & Wealth Management and Platform Solutions. See “Results of Operations” for further information about our business segments.
When we use the terms “we,” “us” and