Equities and the composition of their associated balance sheet, we assess the performance of these businesses based on total net revenues, as offsets can occur across revenue line items. For example, cash instruments that generate interest income are, in some cases, hedged or funded by derivatives for which changes in fair value are reflected in market making revenues. Also, certain activities produce market making revenues but incur interest expense related to the funding of the related inventory.
The table below presents our financial advisory and underwriting transaction volumes.
In the table above:
•
Volumes are per Dealogic.
•
Announced and completed mergers and acquisitions volumes are based on full credit to each of the advisors in a transaction. Equity and equity-related and debt offerings are based on full credit for single book managers and equal credit for joint book managers. Transaction volumes may not be indicative of net revenues in a given period. In addition, transaction volumes for prior periods may vary from amounts previously reported due to the subsequent withdrawal or a change in the value of a transaction.
•
Equity and equity-related offerings includes Rule 144A and public common stock offerings, convertible offerings and rights offerings.
•
Debt offerings includes non-convertible preferred stock, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and taxable municipal debt. It also includes publicly registered and Rule 144A issues and excludes leveraged loans.
In January 2025, we formed the Capital Solutions Group in Global Banking & Markets, which provides a more comprehensive suite of our financing, origination, structuring and risk management offerings across both public and private markets. This group includes the current capabilities of our financing group and expands its coverage to financial sponsors and alternative asset management firms. It also includes an alternatives origination group focused on sourcing, to provide seamless coverage to our private credit and private equity clients. We believe that a more integrated set of these capabilities will allow us to better serve our clients as these private markets continue to grow.
Operating Environment.
During 2024, Global Banking & Markets operated in an environment generally characterized by continued broad macroeconomic concerns, including concerns and uncertainty about inflation, prolonged geopolitical stresses and central bank policy, and the potential outcomes of the national elections.
In investment banking, industry-wide debt underwriting volumes for the year increased significantly compared with the prior year, driven by strong levels of leveraged finance and investment-grade offerings. However, industry-wide equity underwriting volumes, despite improving year-over-year, and industry-wide completed mergers and acquisitions volumes remained below historical averages.
In interest rates, the yields on 10-year U.S. and U.K. government bonds increased during the