basis and represents an estimate of probable losses after considering, among other factors, the progress of each case, proceeding or investigation, our experience and the experience of others in similar cases, proceedings or investig
ations, and the opinions and views of legal counsel.
In accounting for income taxes, we recognize tax positions in the financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on examination by the relevant taxing authority based on the technical merits of the position. We use estimates to recognize current and deferred income taxes in the U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate. The income tax laws in these jurisdictions are complex and can be subject to different interpretations between taxpayers and taxing authorities. Disputes may arise over these interpretations and can be settled by audit, administrative appeals or judicial proceedings. We do not expect that the resolution of any such dispute will have a material impact on our financial condition, but it may be material to the operating results for a particular period, depending, in part, on the operating results for that period. Our interpretations are reevaluated quarterly based on guidance currently available, tax examination experience and the opinions of legal counsel, among other factors. We recognize deferred taxes based on the amount that will more likely than not be realized in the future based on enacted income tax laws. Our estimate for deferred taxes includes estimates for future taxable earnings, including the level and character of those earnings, and various tax planning strategies. See Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of the 2024 Form 10-K for further information about income taxes.
Recent Accounting Developments
See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for information about Recent Accounting Developments.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Results of Operations
The composition of our net revenues has varied over time as financial markets and the scope of our operations have changed. The composition of net revenues can also vary over the shorter term due to fluctuations in U.S. and global economic and market conditions. See “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of the 2024 Form 10-K for further information about the impact of economic and market conditions on our results of operations.
Financial Overview
The table below presents an overview of our financial results and selected financial ratios.
Our target (through-the-cycle) is to achieve ROE within a range of 14% to 16% and return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity (ROTE) within a range of 15% to 17%.
In the table above:
•
Net earnings to common represents net earnings applicable to common shareholders, which is calculated as net earnings less preferred stock dividends.
•
ROE, ROTE, net earnings to average total assets