risk management capabilities. Additionally, the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee performs enhanced reviews of significant risk events, the top residual and emerging risks, and the overall risk and control environment in each of our business units in order to propose uplifts, identify elements that are common to all business units and analyze the consolidated residual risks that we face. This committee, which reports to the Management Committee, is co-chaired by our president and chief operating officer and our chief risk officer, who are appointed as chairs by our chief executive officer, and the vice-chair is our chief financial officer, who is appointed as vice-chair by the chairs of the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee. The Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee also periodically provides updates to, and receives guidance from, the Risk Committee of the Board. The following are the primary committees that report to the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee:
•
Firmwide New Activity Committee.
The Firmwide New Activity Committee is responsible for reviewing new activities and, upon referral by the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee, significant strategic business initiatives. Additionally, the Firmwide New Activity Committee may review previously approved activities that are significant and/or that have changed in complexity and/or structure or present different reputational and suitability concerns over time to consider whether these activities remain appropriate. This committee is chaired by our controller and chief accounting officer, who is appointed as chair by the chairs of the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee.
•
Firmwide Technology Risk Committee.
The Firmwide Technology Risk Committee is responsible for reviewing matters related to the design, development, deployment and use of technology. This committee oversees cybersecurity matters, as well as technology risk management frameworks and methodologies, and monitors their effectiveness. This committee is co-chaired by our CISO and our chief technology officer, who are appointed as chairs by the chairs of the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee. To assist the Firmwide Technology Risk Committee in carrying out its mandate, the Firmwide Artificial Intelligence Risk and Controls Committee, which oversees risks associated with the use of AI, reports to the Firmwide Technology Risk Committee
.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
•
Firmwide Compliance and Operational Risk Committee.
The Firmwide Compliance and Operational Risk Committee is responsible for overseeing compliance and operational risk. This committee is co-chaired by our chief administrative officer for EMEA, our head of Operational Risk, and our chief compliance officer, who are appointed as chairs by the chairs of the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee.
•
Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee.
The Firmwide Risk Appetite Committee (through delegated authority from the Firmwide Enterprise