portfolio of $
1.8
billion (included in loans). See Note 9 for further information about loans classified as held for sale.
Assets held for sale also included $
517
million as of December 2024 and $
327
million as of December 2023 of assets related to certain of the firm’s consolidated investments within Asset & Wealth Management. Substantially all of these assets consisted of property and equipment and were included in miscellaneous receivables and other within other assets. In addition, as of December 2023, GreenSky (within Platform Solutions) was classified as held for sale. Assets related to GreenSky were approximately $
3.4
billion and consisted of loans of approximately $
3.0
billion (included in loans), segregated cash of approximately $
110
million (included in cash and cash equivalents), identifiable intangible assets of approximately $
110
million (included in identifiable intangible assets within other assets) and other assets of approximately $
190
million (included in miscellaneous receivables and other within other assets). During 2024, the firm completed the sale of GreenSky. See Note 9 for further information about loans classified as held for sale, above for further information about identifiable intangible assets, and Note 15 for information about liabilities classified as held for sale.
Note 13.
Deposits
The table below presents information about deposits.
In the table above:
•
Deposits include savings, demand and time deposits.
•
All U.S. deposits were held at Goldman Sachs Bank USA (GS Bank USA). Substantially all non-U.S. deposits were held at Goldman Sachs International Bank (GSIB) and Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (GSBE).
•
Substantially all deposits are interest-bearing.
The table below presents maturities of time deposits held in U.S. and non-U.S. offices.
In the table above:
•
The aggregate amount of time deposits in denominations that met or exceeded the applicable insurance limits, or were otherwise not covered by insurance, were $
19.00
billion in U.S. deposits and $
23.92
billion in non-U.S. deposits.
•
Time deposits included $
44.86
billion as of December 2024 and $
29.46
billion as of December 2023 of deposits accounted for at fair value under the fair value option. See Note 10 for further information about deposits accounted for at fair value.
The firm’s savings and demand deposits are recorded based on the amount of cash received plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value. In addition, the firm designates certain derivatives as fair value hedges to convert a portion of its time deposits not accounted for at fair value from fixed-rate obligations into floating-rate obligations. The carrying value of time deposits not accounted for at fair value approximated fair value as of both December 2024 and December 2023. As these savings and demand deposits and time deposits are not accounted for at fair value, they are not included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in Notes 4 and 5. Had these deposits been