about our balance sheet management process and “— Funding Sources — Secured Funding” for further information about asset classes that may be harder to fund on a secured basis; and
•
Raising secured and unsecured financing that has a long tenor relative to the liquidity profile of our assets. This reduces the risk that our liabilities will come due in advance of our ability to generate liquidity from the sale of our assets. Because we maintain a highly liquid balance sheet, the holding period of certain of our assets may be materially shorter than their contractual maturity dates.
Our goal is to ensure that we maintain sufficient liquidity to fund our assets and meet our contractual and contingent obligations in normal times, as well as during periods of market stress. Through our dynamic balance sheet management process, we use actual and projected asset balances to determine secured and unsecured funding requirements. Funding plans are reviewed and approved by the Firmwide Asset Liability Committee. In addition, Risk and the Firmwide Asset Liability Committee review our total unsecured long-term borrowings and total shareholders’ equity to help ensure that we maintain a level of long-term funding that is sufficient to meet our long-term financing requirements. In a liquidity crisis, we would begin by liquidating and monetizing our GCLA before selling other assets. However, we recognize that orderly asset sales may be prudent or necessary in a severe or persistent liquidity crisis.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Subsidiary Funding Policies
The majority of our unsecured borrowings is raised by Group Inc., which provides the necessary funds to Funding IHC and other subsidiaries, some of which are regulated, to meet their asset financing, liquidity and capital requirements. In addition, Group Inc. provides its regulated subsidiaries with the necessary capital to meet their regulatory requirements. The benefits of this approach to subsidiary funding are enhanced control and greater flexibility to meet the funding requirements of our subsidiaries. Funding is also raised at the subsidiary level through a variety of products, including deposits, secured funding and unsecured borrowings.
Our intercompany funding policies assume that a subsidiary’s funds or securities are not freely available to its parent, Funding IHC or other subsidiaries unless (i) legally provided for and (ii) there are no additional regulatory, tax or other restrictions. In particular, many of our subsidiaries are subject to laws that authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to Group Inc. or Funding IHC. Regulatory action of that kind could impede access to funds that Group Inc. needs to make payments on its obligations. Accordingly, we assume that the capital provided to our regulated subsidiaries is not available to Group Inc. or other subsidiaries and any other financing provided