electronic trading systems and expect to continue to do so, but there is no assurance that the revenues generated by these systems will yield an adequate return, particularly given the generally lower commissions arising from electronic trades.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
In addition, the emergence, adoption and evolution of new technologies, including distributed ledgers, such as digital assets and blockchain, and AI technologies, have required us to invest resources to adapt our existing products and services, and we expect to continue to make such investments, which could be material. The adoption and evolution of such new technologies may also increase our compliance and regulatory costs. Further, technologies, such as those based on distributed ledgers, that do not require intermediation could also significantly disrupt payments processing and other financial services. Regulatory limitations on our involvement in products and platforms involving digital assets and distributed ledger technologies may not apply equally or, in some cases, at all to certain of our competitors. We may not be as timely or successful in developing or integrating, or even able to develop or integrate, new products and technologies, such as those built on distributed ledgers or AI technologies, into our existing products and services, adapting to changes in client preferences or achieving market acceptance of our products and services., For example, our competitors may be more timely or successful in developing or integrating AI technologies to increase their productivity and reduce their costs or to provide better transaction execution or improved products and services to clients. Any of the foregoing could affect our ability to attract or retain clients, cause us to lose market share or result in service disruptions and in turn reduce our revenues or otherwise adversely affect us.
Our businesses would be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees.
Our performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled people; therefore, our continued ability to compete effectively in our businesses, to manage our businesses effectively and to expand into new businesses and geographic areas depends on our ability to attract and retain a talented workforce. Factors that affect our ability to attract and retain such employees include the level and composition of our compensation and benefits, our reputation as a successful business with a culture of fairly hiring, training and promoting qualified employees and government policies, including immigration policy. As a significant portion of the compensation that we pay to our employees is in the form of year-end discretionary compensation, a significant portion of which is in the form of deferred equity-related awards, declines in our profitability, or in the outlook for our future profitability, as well as regulatory limitations on compensation levels and