provisions if the BHC enters into an insolvency or receivership proceeding, subject to an exception for guarantees permitted by rules of the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies imposing restrictions on QFCs; (ii) incurring liabilities guaranteed by subsidiaries; (iii) issuing short-term debt to third parties; or (iv) entering into derivatives and certain other financial contracts with external counterparties.
Additionally, the rule caps, at 5% of the value of the parent company’s eligible TLAC, the amount of unsecured non-contingent third-party liabilities that are not eligible long-term debt that could rank equally with or junior to eligible long-term debt.
The CRR, the BRRD and U.K. financial services regime also impose minimum TLAC requirements on G-SIBs. For example, the CRR requires E.U. subsidiaries of a non-E.U. G-SIB that exceed the threshold of 5% of the G-SIB’s RWAs, operating income or leverage exposure, such as GSBE, to meet requirements for the issuance of instruments to qualifying affiliates (internal TLAC) in order to be able to transfer losses or otherwise recapitalize those subsidiaries. Under the U.K. financial services regime, GSG UK exceeds the applicable thresholds and therefore, it is subject to internal TLAC requirements.
The CRD requires a non-E.U. group with more than €40 billion of assets in the E.U., such as us, to have an E.U. intermediate holding company (E.U. IHC) if it has, as in our case, two or more of certain types of E.U. financial institution subsidiaries, including broker-dealers and banks. The ECB granted GSBE and GSPIC an exemption to operate under two E.U. IHCs. The CRR requires E.U. IHCs to satisfy capital and liquidity requirements, a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL), and certain other prudential requirements at a consolidated level. The U.K. has not implemented a similar requirement to establish an IHC; however, the PRA requires that certain U.K. financial holding companies or a designated U.K. group entity be responsible for the U.K. group’s regulatory compliance. We have designated GSI for that responsibility.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
The BRRD II and the U.K. resolution regime subject institutions to a MREL, which is generally consistent with the Financial Stability Board’s (FSB’s) TLAC standard. The Single Resolution Board imposes internal MREL requirements applicable to GSBE. GSI is required to maintain a minimum level of internal MREL and provide the Bank of England the right to exercise bail-in triggers over certain intercompany regulatory capital and senior debt instruments issued by GSI. These triggers enable the Bank of England to write down such instruments or convert such instruments to equity. The triggers can be exercised by the Bank of England if it determines that GSI has reached the point of non-viability and the FRB and the FDIC have not objected to the bail-in or if Group Inc. enters bankruptcy or similar proceedings.
Insolvency