the extent the carrying value of an asset or asset group exceeds the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposal of the asset or asset group, the firm determines the asset or asset group is impaired and records an impairment equal to the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of the asset or asset group. In addition, the firm will recognize an impairment prior to the sale of an asset or asset group if the carrying value of the asset or asset group exceeds its estimated fair value. Any impairments recognized are included in depreciation and amortization. The firm had
no
material impairments during the three months ended March 2025 and $
80
million during the three months ended March 2024, substantially all related to commercial real estate included in CIEs within Asset & Wealth Management.
Goodwill
Goodwill is the cost of acquired companies in excess of the fair value of net assets, including identifiable intangible assets, at the acquisition date.
The table below presents the carrying value of goodwill by reporting unit.
Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that indicate an impairment may exist. When assessing goodwill for impairment, first, a qualitative assessment can be made to determine whether it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the results of the qualitative assessment are not conclusive, a quantitative goodwill test is performed. Alternatively, a quantitative goodwill test can be performed without performing a qualitative assessment.
The quantitative goodwill test compares the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value (including goodwill and identifiable intangible assets). If the reporting unit’s estimated fair value exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not impaired. An impairment is recognized if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value and any such impairment is included in depreciation and amortization.
When performing a quantitative goodwill test, the estimated fair value of each reporting unit is based on valuation techniques the firm believes market participants would use to value these reporting units. Estimated fair values are generally derived from utilizing a relative value technique, which applies observable price-to-earnings multiples or price-to-book multiples of comparable competitors to the reporting units’ net earnings or net book value, or a discounted cash flow valuation approach, for reporting units with businesses in early stages of development. The carrying value of each reporting unit reflects an allocation of total shareholders’ equity and represents the estimated amount of total shareholders’ equity required to support the activities of the reporting unit under currently applicable regulatory capital requirements.
In