(reflecting $
86
million of net realized gains and $
71
million of net unrealized losses) for the three months ended March 2025 included gains/(losses) of $(
66
) million reported in other principal transactions and $
81
million reported in interest income.
The drivers of the net unrealized losses on level 3 investments for the three months ended March 2025 were not material.
Transfers into level 3 investments during the three months ended March 2025 primarily reflected transfers of certain corporate debt securities from level 2 (principally due to certain unobservable yield inputs becoming significant to the valuation of these instruments) and transfers of certain equity securities from level 2 (principally due to reduced price transparency as a result of a lack of market evidence, including fewer market transactions in these instruments).
Transfers out of level 3 investments during the three months ended March 2025 primarily reflected transfers of certain corporate debt securities to level 2 (principally due to certain unobservable yield inputs no longer being significant to the valuation of these instruments).
Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Three Months Ended March 2024
.
The net realized and unrealized gains on level 3 investments of $
115
million (reflecting $
54
million of net realized gains and $
61
million of net unrealized gains) for the three months ended March 2024 included gains/(losses) of $(
8
) million reported in other principal transactions and $
123
million reported in interest income.
The drivers of the net unrealized gains on level 3 investments for the three months ended March 2024 were not material.
Transfers into level 3 investments during the three months ended March 2024 primarily reflected transfers of certain equity securities from level 2 (principally due to reduced price transparency as a result of a lack of market evidence, including fewer market transactions in these instruments).
Transfers out of level 3 investments during the three months ended March 2024 reflected transfers of certain corporate debt securities to level 2 (principally due to certain unobservable yield inputs becoming less significant to the valuation of these instruments) and certain private equity securities to level 2 (principally due to increased price transparency as a result of market evidence, including market transactions in these instruments).
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Loans
Fair Value by Level.
The table below presents loans held for investment accounted for at fair value under the fair value option by level within the fair value hierarchy.
The gains/(losses) as a result of changes in the fair value of loans held for investment for which the fair value option was elected were $
51
million for the three months ended March 2025 and $(
37
) million for the three months ended March 2024. These gains/(losses) were included in other principal transactions.