impairment prior to the sale of an asset or asset group if the carrying value of the asset or asset group exceeds its estimated fair value.
Other than as noted above, there were no material impairments or write-downs during each of 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets
The firm enters into operating leases for real estate, office equipment and other assets, substantially all of which are used in connection with its operations. For leases longer than one year, the firm recognizes a right-of-use asset representing the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term, and a lease liability representing the liability to make payments. The lease term is generally determined based on the contractual maturity of the lease. For leases where the firm has the option to terminate or extend the lease, an assessment of the likelihood of exercising the option is incorporated into the determination of the lease term. Such assessment is initially performed at the inception of the lease and is updated if events occur that impact the original assessment.
An operating lease right-of-use asset is initially determined based on the operating lease liability, adjusted for initial direct costs, lease incentives and amounts paid at or prior to lease commencement. This amount is then amortized over the lease term.
Right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities recognized (in non-cash transactions for leases entered into or assumed) by the firm were $
167
million for 2024, $
333
million for 2023 and $
256
million for 2022. See Note 15 for information about operating lease liabilities.
For leases where the firm will derive no economic benefit from leased space that it has vacated or where the firm has shortened the term of a lease when space is no longer needed, the firm will record an impairment or accelerated amortization of right-of-use assets.
There were no material impairments or accelerated amortizations during each of 2024, 2023 and 2022.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Miscellaneous Receivables and Other
Miscellaneous receivables and other included:
•
Investments in qualified affordable housing and renewable energy projects of $
3.46
billion as of December 2024 and $
3.39
billion as of December 2023. The firm receives tax credits for such investments. See Note 17 for further information about these investments.
•
Assets classified as held for sale were $
517
million as of December 2024 and $
518
million as of December 2023. See below for further information.
Assets Held for Sale.
During 2024, in connection with the planned transition of the GM credit card program to another issuer, the firm classified the GM credit card program (within Platform Solutions) as held for sale. The firm had previously classified the GM co-branded credit card loans as held for sale in 2023. As of December 2024, the assets related to the GM credit card program consisted of the GM co-branded credit card