credit), probability of default and assumed recovery. These gains or losses also include funding valuation adjustments (FVA) relating to uncollateralized derivative assets, which represent the gains or losses (including hedges) attributable to the impact of changes in expected funding exposures and funding spreads.
The table below presents information about CVA and FVA.
Bifurcated Embedded Derivatives
The table below presents the fair value and the notional amount of derivatives that have been bifurcated from their related borrowings.
In the table above, derivatives that have been bifurcated from their related borrowings are recorded at fair value and primarily consist of interest rate, equity and commodity products. These derivatives are included in unsecured short- and long-term borrowings, as well as other secured financings, with the related borrowings.
Derivatives with Credit-Related Contingent Features
Certain of the firm’s derivatives have been transacted under bilateral agreements with counterparties who may require the firm to post collateral or terminate the transactions based on changes in the firm’s credit ratings. The firm assesses the impact of these bilateral agreements by determining the collateral or termination payments that would occur assuming a downgrade by all rating agencies. A downgrade by any one rating agency, depending on the agency’s relative ratings of the firm at the time of the downgrade, may have an impact which is comparable to the impact of a downgrade by all rating agencies.
The table below presents information about net derivative liabilities under bilateral agreements (excluding collateral posted), the fair value of collateral posted and additional collateral or termination payments that could have been called by counterparties in the event of a one- or two-notch downgrade in the firm’s credit ratings.
Hedge Accounting
The firm applies hedge accounting for (i) interest rate swaps used to manage the interest rate exposure of certain fixed-rate unsecured long- and short-term borrowings, certain fixed-rate certificates of deposit and certain U.S. and non-U.S. government securities classified as available-for-sale, (ii) foreign currency forward contracts used to manage the foreign exchange risk of certain securities classified as available-for-sale, (iii) foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency-denominated debt used to manage foreign exchange risk on the firm’s net investment in certain non-U.S. operations and (iv) interest rate swaps used to manage the variability of the forecasted cash flows associated with certain floating-rate assets.
To qualify for hedge accounting, the hedging instrument must be highly effective at reducing the risk from the exposure being hedged. Additionally, the firm must formally document the hedging relationship at inception and assess the hedging relationship at least on a quarterly basis to ensure the hedging instrument continues to be highly effective over the life of