et Cie (GSPIC).
Our E.U. subsidiaries are subject to various E.U. regulations, as well as national laws, including those implementing European directives. GSBE is directly supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB) and additionally by BaFin and Deutsche Bundesbank in the context of the E.U. Single Supervisory Mechanism. GSBE engages in certain activities primarily in the E.U., including underwriting and market making in debt and equity securities and derivatives, investment, asset and wealth management services, deposit-taking, lending (including securities lending), and financial advisory services. GSBE is also registered with the CFTC as a swap dealer and with the SEC as a security-based swap dealer and as a primary dealer for government bonds issued by E.U. sovereigns. Like our other foreign bank subsidiaries, GSBE is subject to limits on the nature and scope of its activities under the FRB’s Regulation K, including limits on its underwriting and market making in equity securities based on GSBE’s and/or GS Bank USA’s capital.
GSPIC is an investment firm under the French Prudential Supervision and Resolution Authority and the French Financial Markets Authority. GSPIC’s activities include certain activities that GSBE is prevented from undertaking. GSPIC is subject to the E.U. Investment Firm Regulation, the prudential regime for E.U. investment firms.
GSI is a U.K. broker-dealer and a designated investment firm, and GSIB is a U.K. bank. Both GSI and GSIB are regulated by the PRA and the FCA. As a designated investment firm, GSI is subject to prudential requirements similar to those applicable to banks, including capital and liquidity requirements. GSI provides broker-dealer services in and from the U.K. and is registered with the CFTC as a swap dealer and with the SEC as a security-based swap dealer. GSIB engages in lending (including securities lending) and deposit-taking activities (including by taking retail deposits) and is a primary dealer for U.K. government bonds. GSI and GSIB maintain branches outside of the U.K. and are subject to the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions where they are located.
Our principal subsidiary operating in Asia is Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. (GSJCL). GSJCL is our regulated Japanese broker-dealer subsidiary and is regulated by Japan’s Financial Services Agency, the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the Bank of Japan and the Ministry of Finance, among others.
Banking Supervision and Regulation
The Basel Committee is the primary global standard setter for prudential bank regulation. However, the Basel Committee’s standards do not become effective in a jurisdiction until the relevant regulators have adopted rules to implement its standards. The implications of Basel Committee standards and related regulations for our businesses depend to a large extent on their implementation by the relevant regulators globally, and the market practices and structures that develop.
Capital and Liquidity Requirements.
We and GS Bank