GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Credit Exposures
As of March 2025, our aggregate credit exposure increased slightly compared with December 2024, primarily reflecting increases in loans and lending commitments, partially offset by a decrease in cash deposits with central banks. The percentage of our credit exposures arising from non-investment-grade counterparties (based on our internally determined public rating agency equivalents) increased slightly compared with December 2024, primarily reflecting decreases in investment-grade credit exposure related to cash deposits with central banks and OTC derivatives. Our credit exposures are described further below.
Cash and Cash Equivalents.
Our credit exposure on cash and cash equivalents arises from our unrestricted cash, and includes both interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing deposits. We seek to mitigate the risk of credit loss, by placing substantially all of our deposits with highly rated banks and central banks.
The table below presents our credit exposure from unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, and the concentration by industry, region and internally determined public rating agency equivalents.
The table above excludes cash segregated for regulatory and other purposes of $12.86 billion as of March 2025 and $14.84 billion as of December 2024.
OTC Derivatives.
Our credit exposure on OTC derivatives arises primarily from our market-making activities. As a market maker, we enter into derivative transactions to provide liquidity to clients and to facilitate the transfer and hedging of their risks. We also enter into derivatives to manage market risk exposures. We manage our credit exposure on OTC derivatives using the credit risk process, measures, limits and risk mitigants described above.
We generally enter into OTC derivatives transactions under bilateral collateral arrangements that require the daily exchange of collateral. As credit risk is an essential component of fair value, we include a credit valuation adjustment (CVA) in the fair value of derivatives to reflect counterparty credit risk, as described in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. CVA is a function of the present value of expected exposure, the probability of counterparty default and the assumed recovery upon default.
The table below presents our net credit exposure from OTC derivatives and the concentration by industry and region.
Our credit exposure (before any potential recoveries) to OTC derivative counterparties that defaulted during the three months ended March 2025 remained low, representing less than 2% of our total credit exposure from OTC derivatives.
In the table above:
•
OTC derivative assets, included in the consolidated balance sheets, are reported on a net-by-counterparty basis (i.e., the net receivable for a given counterparty) when a legal right of setoff exists under an enforceable netting agreement (counterparty netting) and are accounted for at fair value,