climate-related and environmental risk program. The objective of this program is to integrate climate-related and environmental risks into existing risk disciplines and business considerations, such as the integration of climate risk into our credit evaluation and underwriting processes for select industries.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
See “Business — Sustainability” in Part I, Item 1 and “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of the 2024 Form 10-K for information about our sustainability initiatives, including in relation to climate transition.
Compliance Risk Management
Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss or damage to our reputation arising from our failure to comply with the requirements of applicable laws, rules and regulations, and our internal policies and procedures. Compliance risk is inherent in all activities through which we conduct our businesses. Our Compliance Risk Management Program, administered by Compliance, assesses our compliance, regulatory and reputational risk; monitors for compliance with new or amended laws, rules and regulations; designs and implements controls, policies, procedures and training; conducts independent testing; investigates, surveils and monitors for compliance risks and breaches; and is a key participant in regulatory examinations, audits and inquiries. We monitor and review business practices to assess whether they meet or exceed minimum regulatory and legal standards in all markets and jurisdictions in which we conduct business.
Conflicts Management
Conflicts of interest and our approach to dealing with them are fundamental to our client relationships, our reputation and our long-term success. The term “conflict of interest” does not have a universally accepted meaning, and conflicts can arise in many forms within a business or between businesses. The responsibility for identifying potential conflicts, as well as complying with our policies and procedures, is shared by all of our employees.
We have a multilayered approach to resolving conflicts and addressing reputational risk. Our senior management oversees policies related to conflicts resolution and, in conjunction with Conflicts Resolution, Legal and Compliance, and internal committees, formulates policies, standards and principles, and assists in making judgments regarding the appropriate resolution of particular conflicts. Resolving potential conflicts necessarily depends on the facts and circumstances of a particular situation and the application of experienced and informed judgment.
As a general matter, Conflicts Resolution reviews financing and advisory assignments in Global Banking & Markets and certain of our investing, lending and other activities. In addition, we have various transaction oversight committees that also review new underwritings, loans, investments and structured products. These groups and committees work with internal and