revenues relating to certain short-term foreign currency swaps used in connection with the firm’s funding strategy are classified within non-interest revenues to better align with the classification for similar foreign currency derivatives. Previously, such revenues were included within net interest income. Prior period amounts have been conformed to the current presentation.
The table below presents depreciation and amortization expenses by segment.
In
the table above, the decrease in Asset & Wealth Management was primarily due to lower impairments related to commercial real estate in CIEs
.
Segment Assets
The table below presents assets by segment.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Geographic Information
Due to the highly integrated nature of international financial markets, the firm manages its businesses based on the profitability of the enterprise as a whole. The methodology for allocating profitability to geographic regions is dependent on estimates and management judgment because a significant portion of the firm’s activities require cross-border coordination in order to facilitate the needs of the firm’s clients. Geographic results are generally allocated as follows:
•
Global Banking & Markets: Investment banking fees and Other: location of the client and investment banking team; FICC intermediation and Equities intermediation: location of the market-making desk; FICC financing and Equities financing: location of the desk.
•
Asset & Wealth Management (excluding direct-to-consumer business, Equity investments and Debt investments): location of the sales team; Direct-to-consumer business: location of the client; Equity investments and Debt investments: location of the investment or investment professional.
•
Platform Solutions: location of the client.
The table below presents total net revenues and pre-tax earnings by geographic region.
In the table above:
•
Substantially all of the amounts in the Americas were attributable to the U.S.
•
Asia includes Australia and New Zealand.
Note 26.
Credit Concentrations
The firm’s concentrations of credit risk arise from its market-making, client facilitation, investing, underwriting, lending and collateralized transactions, and cash management activities, and may be impacted by changes in economic, industry or political factors. These activities expose the firm to many different industries and counterparties, and may also subject the firm to a concentration of credit risk to a particular central bank, counterparty, borrower or issuer, including sovereign issuers, or to a particular clearinghouse or exchange. The firm seeks to mitigate credit risk by actively monitoring exposures and obtaining collateral from counterparties as deemed appropriate.
The firm measures and monitors its credit exposure based on amounts owed to the firm after taking into account risk mitigants that the firm considers when determining credit risk. Such risk