SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Subsequent to the initial valuation of a level 3 derivative, the firm updates the level 1 and level 2 inputs to reflect observable market changes and any resulting gains and losses are classified in level 3. Level 3 inputs are changed when corroborated by evidence, such as similar market transactions, third-party pricing services and/or broker or dealer quotations or other empirical market data. In circumstances where the firm cannot verify the model value by reference to market transactions, it is possible that a different valuation model could produce a materially different estimate of fair value. See Note 5 for further information about significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of level 3 derivatives.
Valuation Adjustments.
Valuation adjustments are integral to determining the fair value of derivative portfolios and are used to adjust the mid-market valuations produced by derivative pricing models to the exit price valuation. These adjustments incorporate bid/offer spreads, the cost of liquidity, and credit and funding valuation adjustments, which account for the credit and funding risk inherent in the uncollateralized portion of derivative portfolios. The firm also makes funding valuation adjustments to collateralized derivatives where the terms of the agreement do not permit the firm to deliver or repledge collateral received. Market-based inputs are generally used when calibrating valuation adjustments to market-clearing levels.
In addition, for derivatives that include significant unobservable inputs, the firm makes model or exit price adjustments to account for the valuation uncertainty present in the transaction.
Valuation Techniques and Significant Inputs for Other Financial Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value
In addition to trading cash instruments, derivatives, and certain investments and loans, the firm accounts for certain of its other financial assets and liabilities at fair value under the fair value option. Such instruments include repurchase agreements and substantially all resale agreements; certain securities borrowed and loaned transactions; certain customer and other receivables, including certain margin loans; certain time deposits, including structured certificates of deposit, which are hybrid financial instruments; substantially all other secured financings, including structured financing arrangements and transfers of assets accounted for as financings; certain unsecured short- and long-term borrowings, substantially all of which are hybrid financial instruments; and certain other assets and liabilities. These instruments are generally valued based on discounted cash flow techniques, which incorporate inputs with reasonable levels of price transparency, and are generally classified in level 2 because the inputs are observable. Valuation adjustments may be made for liquidity and for counterparty and the firm’s credit quality. The significant