highly rated banks and central banks.
The table below presents our credit exposure from unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, and the concentration by industry, region and internally determined public rating agency equivalents.
The table above excludes cash segregated for regulatory and other purposes of $14.84 billion as of December 2024 and $17.08 billion as of December 2023.
OTC Derivatives.
Our credit exposure on OTC derivatives arises primarily from our market-making activities. As a market maker, we enter into derivative transactions to provide liquidity to clients and to facilitate the transfer and hedging of their risks. We also enter into derivatives to manage market risk exposures. We manage our credit exposure on OTC derivatives using the credit risk process, measures, limits and risk mitigants described above.
We generally enter into OTC derivatives transactions under bilateral collateral arrangements that require the daily exchange of collateral. As credit risk is an essential component of fair value, we include a credit valuation adjustment (CVA) in the fair value of derivatives to reflect counterparty credit risk, as described in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. CVA is a function of the present value of expected exposure, the probability of counterparty default and the assumed recovery upon default.
The table below presents our net credit exposure from OTC derivatives and the concentration by industry and region.
Our credit exposure (before any potential recoveries) to OTC derivative counterparties that defaulted during 2024 remained low, representing less than 2% of our total credit exposure from OTC derivatives.
In the table above:
•
OTC derivative assets, included in the consolidated balance sheets, are reported on a net-by-counterparty basis (i.e., the net receivable for a given counterparty) when a legal right of setoff exists under an enforceable netting agreement (counterparty netting) and are accounted for at fair value, net of cash collateral received under enforceable credit support agreements (cash collateral netting).
•
Collateral represents cash collateral and the fair value of securities collateral, primarily U.S. and non-U.S. government and agency obligations, received under credit support agreements, that we consider when determining credit risk, but such collateral is not eligible for netting under U.S. GAAP.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The table below presents the distribution of our net credit exposure from OTC derivatives by tenor.
In the table above:
•
Tenor is based on remaining contractual maturity for substantially all OTC derivative assets.
•
Netting includes counterparty netting across tenor categories and collateral that we consider when determining credit risk (including collateral that is not eligible for netting under U.S. GAAP). Counterparty netting within the same tenor category is included within such tenor category.
The