contracts with clients were $
4.08
billion as of December 2024 and $
3.59
billion as of December 2023. As of both December 2024 and December 2023, contract assets were not material.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Customer and Other Payables
Customer and other payables included payables to customers and counterparties of $
217.15
billion as of December 2024 and $
220.71
billion as of December 2023, and payables to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations of $
6.11
billion as of December 2024 and $
10.02
billion as of December 2023. Such payables primarily consist of customer credit balances related to the firm’s prime brokerage activities. Customer and other payables are accounted for at cost plus accrued interest, which generally approximates fair value. As these payables are not accounted for at fair value, they are not included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in Notes 4 and 5. Had these payables been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, substantially all would have been classified in level 2 as of both December 2024 and December 2023. Interest on customer and other payables is recognized over the life of the transaction and included in interest expense.
Offsetting Assets and Liabilities
To reduce credit exposures on derivatives and securities financing transactions, the firm may enter into master netting agreements or similar arrangements (collectively, netting agreements) with counterparties that permit it to offset receivables and payables with such counterparties. A netting agreement is a contract with a counterparty that permits net settlement of multiple transactions with that counterparty, including upon the exercise of termination rights by a non-defaulting party. Upon exercise of such termination rights, all transactions governed by the netting agreement are terminated and a net settlement amount is calculated. In addition, the firm receives and posts cash and securities collateral with respect to its derivatives and securities financing transactions, subject to the terms of the related credit support agreements or similar arrangements (collectively, credit support agreements). An enforceable credit support agreement grants the non-defaulting party exercising termination rights the right to liquidate the collateral and apply the proceeds to any amounts owed. In order to assess enforceability of the firm’s right of setoff under netting and credit support agreements, the firm evaluates various factors, including applicable bankruptcy laws, local statutes and regulatory provisions in the jurisdiction of the parties to the agreement.
Derivatives are reported on a net-by-counterparty basis (i.e., the net payable or receivable for derivative assets and liabilities for a given counterparty) in the consolidated balance sheets when a legal right of setoff exists under an enforceable netting agreement. Resale agreements and securities sold under agreements to repurchase