entail significant costs and create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones.
The use of computing devices, phones and other mobile devices is critical to the work done by our employees and the operation of our systems and businesses and those of our clients and our third-party service providers and vendors. Their importance has continued to increase, for both our regular operations and business continuity plans. Computers and computer networks are subject to various risks, including, among others, cyber attacks, inherent technological defects, system disruptions and failures and human error. For example, fundamental security flaws in computer chips found in many types of these computing devices and phones have been reported in the past and may occur in the future, and in July 2024 there was a widely publicized information technology outage as a result of a faulty update to a cybersecurity software product that affected many businesses worldwide. The use of personal devices by our employees or by our vendors for work-related activities also presents risks related to potential violations of record retention and other requirements. Cloud technologies are also critical to the operation of our systems and platforms and our reliance on cloud technologies is growing. Service disruptions have resulted, and may result in the future, in delays in accessing, or the loss of, data that is important to our businesses and may hinder our clients’ access to our platforms. There have been a number of widely publicized cases of outages in connection with access to cloud computing providers. Addressing these and similar issues could be costly and affect the performance of these businesses and systems. Applying fixes can introduce operational risks, and, despite the fixes, there may still be residual security risks.
Notwithstanding the proliferation of technology and technology-based risk and control systems, our businesses ultimately rely on people as our greatest resource, and, from time to time, they have in the past and may in the future make mistakes or engage in violations of applicable policies, laws, rules or procedures that are not always caught immediately by our technological processes or by our controls and other procedures, which are intended to prevent and detect such errors or violations. These have in the past and may in the future include calculation errors, mistakes in addressing emails, errors in software or model development or implementation, or simple errors in judgment, as well as intentional efforts to ignore or circumvent applicable policies, laws, rules or procedures. Human errors, malfeasance and other misconduct, including the intentional misuse of client information in connection with insider trading or for other purposes, even if promptly discovered and remediated, has in the past resulted and may in the future result in reputational damage and losses and liabilities for us.
The majority of