paper, by raising deposits at our bank subsidiaries, by issuing hybrid financial instruments and by obtaining loans or lines of credit from commercial or other banking entities. We seek to finance many of our assets on a secured basis. Any disruptions in the credit markets may make it harder and more expensive to obtain funding for our businesses. If our available funding is limited or we are forced to fund our operations at a higher cost, these conditions may require us to curtail our business activities and increase our cost of funding, both of which could reduce our profitability, particularly in our businesses that involve investing, lending and market making.
Our clients engaging in mergers, acquisitions and other types of strategic transactions often rely on access to the secured and unsecured credit markets to finance their transactions. A lack of available credit or an increased cost of credit can adversely affect the size, volume and timing of our clients’ mergers and acquisitions transactions, particularly large transactions, and adversely affect our advisory and underwriting businesses.
Our credit businesses have been and may in the future be negatively affected by a lack of liquidity in credit markets. A lack of liquidity reduces price transparency, increases price volatility and decreases transaction volumes and size, all of which can increase transaction risk or decrease the profitability of these businesses.
Reductions in our credit ratings or an increase in our credit spreads may adversely affect our liquidity and cost of funding.
Our credit ratings are important to our liquidity. A reduction in our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital markets or trigger our obligations under certain provisions in some of our trading and collateralized financing contracts. Under these provisions, counterparties could be permitted to terminate contracts with us or require us to post additional collateral. Termination of our trading and collateralized financing contracts could cause us to sustain losses and impair our liquidity by requiring us to find other sources of financing or to make significant cash payments or securities movements.
As of December 2024, our counterparties could have called for additional collateral or termination payments related to our net derivative liabilities under bilateral agreements in an aggregate amount of $315 million in the event of a one-notch downgrade of our credit ratings and $1.20 billion in the event of a two-notch downgrade of our credit ratings. A downgrade by any one rating agency, depending on the agency’s relative ratings of us at the time of the downgrade, may have an impact which is comparable to the impact of a downgrade by all rating agencies. For further information about our credit ratings, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management