(total operating expenses divided by total net revenues), diluted earnings per common share (EPS), return on average common shareholders’ equity and book value per common share all improved from 2023 and from 2022 (when a quantitative test was last performed). Within the reporting units with goodwill, there continued to be solid fundamentals underlying our businesses, where the firm continued to maintain industry leadership positions and execute on strategic goals.
•
Macroeconomic Indicators.
Despite broad macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns, the global economy continued to grow in 2024.
•
Firm and Industry Events.
There were no events, entity-specific or otherwise, that would have had a significant negative impact on the valuation of the firm’s reporting units with goodwill.
•
Fair Value Indicators.
Fair value indicators for both the firm and its peers have generally improved since the annual assessment performed in 2023 and from 2022 (when a quantitative test was last performed).
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
As a result of the annual assessment, the firm determined that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with goodwill exceeded its respective carrying value. Therefore, the firm determined that goodwill for each reporting unit was not impaired and that a quantitative goodwill test was not required.
Identifiable Intangible Assets
The table below presents identifiable intangible assets by type.
In the table above:
•
The decrease in the net carrying value of identifiable intangible assets from December 2023 to December 2024 reflected a $
110
million reduction due to the sale of GreenSky Holdings, LLC (GreenSky) and a $
72
million write-down in connection with the classification of the GM credit card program (included within Platform Solutions) as held for sale in 2024.
•
Substantially all of the firm’s identifiable intangible assets have finite useful lives and are amortized over their estimated useful lives generally using the straight-line method.
The tables below present information about the amortization of identifiable intangible assets.
In the table above, amortization for 2024 included the write-down related to the GM credit card program noted above. Amortization for 2023 included a $
506
million write-down related to GreenSky.
The firm tests identifiable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset’s or asset group’s carrying value may not be fully recoverable. To the extent the carrying value of an asset or asset group exceeds the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposal of the asset or asset group, the firm determines the asset or asset group is impaired and records an impairment equal to the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of the asset or asset group. In addition, the firm will recognize an