loss assumptions are reflected in the discount rate for the remainder of retained interests.
The firm has other retained interests not reflected in the table above with a fair value of $
482
million and a weighted average life of
5.1
years as of March 2025, and a fair value of $
491
million and a weighted average life of
5.0
years as of December 2024. Due to the nature and fair value of certain of these retained interests, the weighted average assumptions for constant prepayment and discount rates and the related sensitivity to adverse changes are not meaningful as of both March 2025 and December 2024. The firm’s maximum exposure to adverse changes in the value of these interests is the carrying value of $
476
million as of March 2025 and $
493
million as of December 2024.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Note 17.
Variable Interest Entities
A variable interest in a VIE is an investment (e.g., debt or equity) or other interest (e.g., derivatives or loans and lending commitments) that will absorb portions of the VIE’s expected losses and/or receive portions of the VIE’s expected residual returns.
The firm’s variable interests in VIEs include senior and subordinated debt; loans and lending commitments; limited and general partnership interests; preferred and common equity; derivatives that may include foreign currency, equity and/or credit risk; guarantees; and certain of the fees the firm receives from investment funds. Certain interest rate, foreign currency and credit derivatives the firm enters into with VIEs are not variable interests because they create, rather than absorb, risk.
VIEs generally finance the purchase of assets by issuing debt and equity securities that are either collateralized by or indexed to the assets held by the VIE. The debt and equity securities issued by a VIE may include tranches of varying levels of subordination. The firm’s involvement with VIEs includes securitization of financial assets, as described in Note 16, and investments in and loans to other types of VIEs, as described below. See Note 3 for the firm’s consolidation policies, including the definition of a VIE.
VIE Consolidation Analysis
The enterprise with a controlling financial interest in a VIE is known as the primary beneficiary and consolidates the VIE. The firm determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE by performing an analysis that principally considers:
•
Which variable interest holder has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance;
•
Which variable interest holder has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE;
•
The VIE’s purpose and design, including the risks the VIE was designed to create and pass through to its variable interest holders;
•
The VIE’s capital structure;
•
The terms between the VIE and its variable