period in which they occur. If a loan was transferred to level 3 during a reporting period, its entire gain or loss for the period is classified in level 3.
The table below presents information, by loan type, for loans included in the summary table above.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Year Ended December 2024.
The
net realized and unrealized losses
on level 3 loans of $
8
million (reflecting $
33
million of net realized gains and $
41
million of net unrealized losses) for 2024 included gains/(losses) of $(
13
) million reported in other principal transactions and $
5
million reported in interest income.
The drivers of the net unrealized losses on level 3 loans for 2024 were not material.
Transfers into level 3 loans during 2024 primarily reflected transfers of certain corporate loans from level 2 (principally due to reduced price transparency as a result of a lack of market evidence, including fewer market transactions in these instruments).
The drivers of the transfers out of level 3 loans during 2024 were not material.
Level 3 Rollforward Commentary for the Year Ended December 2023.
The net realized and unrealized losses on level 3 loans of $
143
million (reflecting $
26
million of net realized gains and $
169
million of net unrealized losses) for 2023 included gains/(losses) of $(
152
) million reported in other principal transactions and $
9
million reported in interest income.
The net unrealized losses on level 3 loans for 2023 primarily reflected losses on corporate loans (principally due to company-specific events).
The drivers of both transfers into and transfers out of level 3 loans during 2023 were not material.
Other Financial Assets and Liabilities
Fair Value by Level.
The table below presents, by level within the fair value hierarchy, other financial assets and liabilities at fair value, substantially all of which are accounted for at fair value under the fair value option.
In the table above, assets are shown as positive amounts and liabilities are shown as negative amounts.
See Note 4 for an overview of the firm’s fair value measurement policies, valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine the fair value of other financial assets and liabilities.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Significant Unobservable Inputs.
See below for information about the significant unobservable inputs used to value level 3 other financial assets and liabilities at fair value as of both December 2024 and December 2023.
Other Secured Financings.
The ranges and weighted averages of significant unobservable inputs used to value level 3 other secured financings are presented below. These ranges and weighted averages exclude unobservable inputs that are only relevant to a single instrument, and therefore are not meaningful.
As of December 2024:
•
Yield:
3.8
% to
12.3
% (weighted average: