apply to BHCs. However, the FRB is authorized to take appropriate action at the BHC level, based upon the undercapitalized status of the BHC’s depository institution subsidiaries. In certain instances, relating to an undercapitalized depository institution subsidiary, the BHC would be required to guarantee the performance of the undercapitalized subsidiary’s capital restoration plan and might be liable for civil money damages for failure to fulfill its commitments on that guarantee. Furthermore, in the event of the bankruptcy of the BHC, the guarantee would take priority over the BHC’s general unsecured creditors, as described in “Source of Strength” above.
Volcker Rule and Other Restrictions on Activities.
As a BHC, we are subject to limitations on the types of business activities in which we may engage.
Volcker Rule.
The Volcker Rule prohibits “proprietary trading,” but permits activities such as underwriting, market making and risk-mitigation hedging, requires an extensive compliance program and includes additional reporting and record-keeping requirements.
In addition, the Volcker Rule limits the sponsorship of, and investment in, “covered funds” (as defined in the rule) by banking entities, including us. It also limits certain types of transactions between us and our sponsored and advised funds, similar to the limitations on transactions between depository institutions and their affiliates. Covered funds include our private equity funds, certain of our credit and real estate funds, our hedge funds and certain other investment structures. The limitation on investments in covered funds requires us to limit our investment in each such fund to 3% or less of the fund’s net asset value, and to limit our aggregate investment in all such funds to 3% or less of our Tier 1 capital.
Other Restrictions.
FHCs generally can engage in a broader range of financial and related activities than are otherwise permissible for BHCs as long as they continue to meet the eligibility requirements for FHCs. The broader range of permissible activities for FHCs includes underwriting, dealing and making markets in securities and making investments in non-FHCs (merchant banking activities). In addition, certain FHCs, including us, are permitted to engage in certain commodities activities in the U.S. that may otherwise be impermissible for BHCs, so long as the assets held pursuant to these activities do not equal 5% or more of their consolidated assets.
The FRB, however, has the authority to limit an FHC’s ability to conduct activities that would otherwise be permissible, and will likely do so if the FHC does not satisfactorily meet certain requirements of the FRB. For example, if an FHC or any of its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries ceases to maintain its status as well-capitalized or well-managed, the FRB may impose corrective capital and/or managerial requirements, as well as additional limitations or conditions. If the deficiencies persist, the FHC may be