reflected the impact of improved market-making conditions on our inventory.
•
Net revenues in interest rate products and commodities primarily reflected lower client activity.
Net revenues in Equities were $13.43 billion, 16% higher than 2023, reflecting significantly higher net revenues in Equities intermediation, primarily driven by derivatives, and higher net revenues in Equities financing, driven by prime financing.
Net revenues in Other were $576 million for 2024, compared with $171 million for 2023, with the increase primarily reflecting significantly lower net losses on hedges.
Provision for credit losses was $40 million for 2024, compared with $401 million for 2023. Provisions for 2023 primarily reflected net provisions related to the commercial real estate portfolio.
Operating expenses were $19.98 billion for 2024, 11% higher than 2023, primarily due to significantly higher transaction based expenses and higher compensation and benefits expenses (reflecting improved operating performance). Pre-tax earnings were $14.92 billion for 2024, 29% higher than 2023.
Asset & Wealth Management
Asset & Wealth Management provides investment services to help clients preserve and grow their financial assets and achieve their financial goals. We provide these services to our clients, both institutional and individuals, including investors who primarily access our products through a network of third-party distributors around the world.
We manage client assets across a broad range of investment strategies and asset classes, including equity, fixed income and alternative investments. We provide investment solutions, including those managed on a fiduciary basis by our portfolio managers, as well as those managed by third-party managers. We offer our investment solutions in a variety of structures, including separately managed accounts, mutual funds, private partnerships and other commingled vehicles.
We also provide tailored wealth advisory services, primarily to ultra-high-net worth clients. We operate globally, serving individuals, families, family offices, and foundations and endowments. Our relationships are established directly or introduced through companies that sponsor financial wellness or financial planning programs for their employees, as well as through corporate referrals.
We offer personalized financial planning to individuals and also provide customized investment advisory solutions, and offer structuring and execution capabilities in securities and derivative products across all major global markets. In addition, we offer clients a full range of private banking services, including a variety of deposit alternatives and loans that our clients use to finance investments in both financial and nonfinancial assets, bridge cash flow timing gaps or provide liquidity and flexibility for other needs. We also raise deposits from consumers through Marcus.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
We invest