and Fees
The firm earns substantially all commissions and fees from executing and clearing client transactions on stock, options and futures markets, as well as over-the-counter (OTC) transactions. Commissions and fees are recognized on the day the trade is executed. The firm also provides third-party research services to clients in connection with certain soft-dollar arrangements. Third-party research costs incurred by the firm in connection with such arrangements are presented net within commissions and fees.
Remaining Performance Obligations
Remaining performance obligations are services that the firm has committed to perform in the future in connection with its contracts with clients. The firm’s remaining performance obligations are generally related to its financial advisory assignments and certain investment management activities. Revenues associated with remaining performance obligations relating to financial advisory assignments cannot be determined until the outcome of the transaction. For the firm’s investment management activities, where fees are calculated based on the NAV of the fund or separately managed account, future revenues associated with such remaining performance obligations cannot be determined as such fees are subject to fluctuations in the market value of investments held by the fund or separately managed account.
The firm is able to determine the future revenues associated with management fees calculated based on committed capital. As of March 2025, substantially all future net revenues associated with such remaining performance obligations will be recognized through 2033. Annual revenues associated with such performance obligations average less than $
300
million through 2033.
Transfers of Financial Assets
Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales when the firm has relinquished control over the assets transferred. For transfers of financial assets accounted for as sales, any gains or losses are recognized in net revenues. Assets or liabilities that arise from the firm’s continuing involvement with transferred financial assets are initially recognized at fair value. For transfers of financial assets that are not accounted for as sales, the assets are generally included in trading assets and the transfer is accounted for as a collateralized financing, with the related interest expense recognized over the life of the transaction. See Note 11 for further information about transfers of financial assets accounted for as collateralized financings and Note 16 for further information about transfers of financial assets accounted for as sales.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The firm defines cash equivalents as highly liquid overnight deposits held in the ordinary course of business. Cash and cash equivalents included cash and due from banks of $
5.33
billion as of March 2025 and $
5.36
billion as of December 2024. Cash and cash equivalents also included interest-bearing deposits with banks of $
162.08
billion as of