Form 10-K.
GS Bank USA is required to conduct stress tests on an annual basis and publish a summary of certain results. GS Bank USA published a summary of its annual DFAST results in June 2024. See “
Business — Available Information” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Goldman Sachs International (GSI), GSIB and GSBE also have their own capital planning and stress testing processes, which incorporate internally designed stress tests developed in accordance with the guidelines of their respective regulators.
Contingency Capital Plan.
As part of our comprehensive capital management policy, we maintain a contingency capital plan. Our contingency capital plan provides a framework for analyzing and responding to a perceived or actual capital deficiency, including, but not limited to, identification of drivers of a capital deficiency, as well as mitigants and potential actions. It outlines the appropriate communication procedures to follow during a crisis period, including internal dissemination of information, as well as timely communication with external stakeholders.
Capital Attribution.
We assess the capital usage of each of our businesses based on our attributed equity framework. This framework considers many factors, including our internal assessment of risks as well as the regulatory capital requirements related to our business activities
.
We review and make any necessary adjustments to our attributed equity in January each year, to reflect, among other things, our most recent stress test results and changes to our regulatory capital requirements. On January 1, 2024, our allocation of attributed equity changed (relative to the allocation as of December 2023) as follows: attributed equity increased by approximately $1.6 billion for Platform Solutions, while attributed equity decreased by approximately $1.2 billion for Asset & Wealth Management and approximately $0.4 billion for Global Banking & Markets. On January 1, 2025, our allocation of attributed equity changed (relative to the allocation as of December 2024) as follows: attributed equity increased by approximately $0.4 billion for Global Banking & Markets, while attributed equity decreased by approximately $0.3 billion for Asset & Wealth Management and approximately $0.1 billion for Platform Solutions. See “Results of Operations — Segment Assets and Operating Results — Segment Operating Results” for information about our average quarterly attributed equity by segment.
Share Repur
chase Program.
We use our share repurchase program to help maintain the appropriate level of common equity. On an annual basis, we submit a
Board of Directors of Group Inc. (
Board) approved capital plan to the Federal Reserve, which includes planned share repurchases for each quarter. The share repurchases are effected primarily through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule