asset-backed lending, including warehouse loans backed by mortgages (including residential and commercial mortgage loans), corporate loans and consumer loans (including auto loans and private student loans), (ii) financing through securities purchased under agreements to resell (resale agreements) and (iii) commodity financing to clients through structured transactions.
Equities.
Equities generates revenues from intermediation and financing activities.
•
Equities intermediation.
We make markets in equity securities and equity-related products, including ETFs, convertible securities, options, futures and OTC derivative instruments. We also structure and make markets in derivatives on indices, industry sectors, financial measures and individual company stocks. Our exchange-based market-making activities include making markets in stocks and ETFs, futures and options on major exchanges worldwide. In addition, we generate commissions and fees from executing and clearing institutional client transactions on major stock, options and futures exchanges worldwide, as well as OTC transactions.
•
Equities financing.
Includes prime financing, which provides financing to our clients for their securities trading activities through margin loans that are generally collateralized by securities or cash. Prime financing also includes services which involve lending securities to cover institutional clients’ short sales and borrowing securities to cover our short sales and to make deliveries into the market. We are also an active participant in broker-to-broker securities lending and third-party agency lending activities. In addition, we execute swap transactions to provide our clients with exposure to securities and indices. Financing activities also include portfolio financing, which clients can utilize to manage their investment portfolios, and other equity financing activities, including securities-based loans to individuals.
Market-Making Activities
As a market maker, we facilitate transactions in both liquid and less liquid markets, primarily for institutional clients, such as corporations, financial institutions, investment funds and governments, to assist clients in meeting their investment objectives and in managing their risks. In this role, we seek to earn the difference between the price at which a market participant is willing to sell an instrument to us and the price at which another market participant is willing to buy it from us, and vice versa (i.e., bid/offer spread). In addition, we maintain (i) market-making positions, typically for a short period of time, in response to, or in anticipation of, client demand, and (ii) positions to actively manage our risk exposures that arise from these market-making activities (collectively, inventory). Our inventory is recorded in trading assets (long positions) or trading liabilities (short positions) in our consolidated balance sheets.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and