million related to the sale of substantially all of the portfolio) and the impact of higher direct-to-consumer deposit balances. The increase in Incentive fees was driven by harvesting. The decrease in Debt investments net revenues reflected lower net interest income due to a reduction in the debt investments balance sheet, partially offset by net gains in the current year compared with net losses (particularly in real estate investments) in the prior year.
Provision for credit losses was a net benefit of $232 million for 2024, compared with a net benefit of $508 million for 2023. The net benefit for 2024 reflected a net benefit related to the wholesale portfolio (driven by paydowns). The net benefit for 2023 primarily reflected reserve reductions related to the sale of substantially all of the Marcus loan portfolio and lower balances in corporate loans, partially offset by impairments.
Operating expenses were $11.83 billion for 2024, 9% lower than 2023, due to significantly lower expenses, including impairments, related to commercial real estate in CIEs, partially offset by higher compensation and benefits expenses (reflecting improved operating performance). Pre-tax earnings were $4.55 billion for 2024, compared with $1.36 billion for 2023.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Assets Under Supervision.
AUS includes our institutional clients’ assets, assets sourced through third-party distributors and high-net-worth clients’ assets where we earn a fee for managing assets on a discretionary basis. This includes net assets in our mutual funds, hedge funds, credit funds, private equity funds, real estate funds, and separately managed accounts for institutional and individual investors. AUS also includes client assets invested with third-party managers, private bank deposits and advisory relationships where we earn a fee for advisory and other services, but do not have investment discretion. AUS does not include the self-directed brokerage assets of our clients.
The table below presents information about our firmwide period-end AUS by asset class, client channel, region and vehi
cle.
In the table above:
•
Liquidity products includes money market funds and private bank deposits.
•
EMEA represents Europe, Middle East and Africa.
Total wealth management client assets (consisting of AUS, brokerage assets and Marcus deposits) were approximately $1.6 trillion as of December 2024.
The table below presents changes in our AUS.
In the table above:
•
During 2024, our AUS increased $325 billion due to net inflows (across all asset classes) and net market appreciation (primarily in equity assets).
•
During 2023, our AUS increased $265 billion due to net market appreciation (primarily in equity and fixed income assets) and net inflows (driven by fixed income assets, liquidity products and alternative investments assets), partially offset by the impact of dispositions (related to the sale of Personal Financial