as of the respective quarter-end.
•
Growth in U.S. GDP represents the year-over-year growth rate forecasted for the respective years.
•
While the U.S. unemployment and U.S. GDP growth rates are significant inputs to the forecast model, the model contemplates a variety of other inputs across a range of scenarios to provide a forecast of future economic conditions. Given the complex nature of the forecasting process, no single economic variable can be viewed in isolation and independently of other inputs.
Allowance for Credit Losses Commentary
Year Ended December 2024.
The allowance for credit losses decreased by $
330
million during 2024, primarily reflecting a reserve release relating to the wholesale portfolio due to improved macroeconomic environment, partially offset by growth in the credit card portfolio.
Charge-offs for 2024 for wholesale loans (principally related to term loans originated in 2022 and 2021) were primarily related to corporate loans and charge-offs for consumer loans were primarily related to credit cards.
Year Ended December 2023.
The allowance for credit losses decreased by $
647
million during 2023, reflecting a net release related to the GreenSky installment loan portfolio (including a reserve reduction of $
637
million related to the partial sale and transfer of the portfolio to held for sale), a reserve reduction of $
442
million associated with the sale of Marcus loans, a reserve reduction of $
160
million related to the transfer of the GM co-branded credit card portfolio to held for sale, a reserve release in the consumer portfolio based on actual repayment experience and lower balances in corporate loans due to sales and paydowns, partially offset by asset-specific provisions and ratings downgrades in the wholesale portfolio and seasoning of the credit card portfolio.
Charge-offs for 2023 for wholesale loans (principally related to term loans originated in 2021 and revolving loans) were primarily related to corporate loans and charge-offs for consumer loans were primarily related to credit cards.
Estimated Fair Value
The table below presents the estimated fair value of loans that are not accounted for at fair value and in what level of the fair value hierarchy they would have been classified if they had been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy.
See Note 4 for an overview of the firm’s fair value measurement policies, valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine the fair value of loans, and Note 5 for information about loans within the fair value hierarchy.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 10.
Fair Value Option
Other Financial Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value
In addition to trading assets and liabilities, and certain investments and loans, the firm accounts for certain of its other financial assets and liabilities at fair value, substantially all under the fair value option. The primary reasons for electing the fair value option