raise, based on our projected assets and contractual maturities.
Corporate Treasury and Risk, along with our revenue-producing units, review current and prior period information and expectations for the year to prepare our balance sheet plan. The specific information reviewed includes asset and liability size and composition, target utilization, risk and performance measures, and capital usage.
Our consolidated balance sheet plan, including our balance sheets by business, funding projections and projected key metrics, is reviewed and approved by the Firmwide Asset Liability Committee. See “Risk Management — Overview and Structure of Risk Management” for an overview of our risk management structure.
Setting Balance Sheet Targets.
We set balance sheet targets with the aim of ensuring that our consolidated balance sheet, as well as the balance sheets for our businesses remain within our risk appetite. The Firmwide Asset Liability Committee has the responsibility to review and approve balance sheet targets at least quarterly. Our balance sheet targets are set at levels which are close to actual operating levels, rather than at levels which reflect our maximum risk appetite, in order to ensure prompt escalation and discussion among our revenue-producing units, Corporate Treasury and Risk. Requests for changes in targets are evaluated after giving consideration to their impact on our key metrics. Compliance with targets is monitored by our revenue-producing units, Corporate Treasury and Risk.
Monitoring of Key Metrics.
We monitor key balance sheet metrics both by business and on a consolidated basis, including asset and liability size and composition, target utilization and risk measures. We attribute assets to businesses and review and analyze movements resulting from new business activity, as well as market fluctuations.
Scenario Analyses.
We conduct various scenario analyses, including as part of the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) and U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Stress Tests (DFAST), as well as our resolution and recovery planning. See “Capital Management and Regulatory Capital — Capital Management” for further information about these scenario analyses. These scenarios cover short- and long-term time horizons using various macroeconomic and firm-specific assumptions, based on a range of economic scenarios. We use these analyses to assist us in developing our longer-term balance sheet management strategy, including the level and composition of assets, funding and capital. Additionally, these analyses help us develop approaches for maintaining appropriate funding, liquidity and capital across a variety of situations, including a severely stressed environment.
Balance Sheet Analysis and Metrics
As of March 2025, total assets in our consolidated balance sheets were $1.77 trillion, an increase of $90.21 billion from December 2024, primarily reflecting increases in customer and other receivables of