affected, we generally have more loss days, resulting in more VaR exceptions. The daily net revenues for positions included in VaR used to determine VaR exceptions reflect the impact of any intraday activity, including bid/offer net revenues, which are more likely than not to be positive by their nature.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Sensitivity Measures
Certain portfolios and individual positions are not included in VaR because VaR is not the most appropriate risk measure. Other sensitivity measures we use to analyze market risk are described below.
10% Sensitivity Measures.
The table below presents our market risk by asset category for positions accounted for at fair value or accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value, that are not included in VaR.
In the table above:
•
The market risk of these positions is determined by estimating the potential reduction in net revenues of a 10% decline in the value of the underlying positions.
•
Equity positions relate to private and public equity securities, which primarily include investments in corporate, real estate and infrastructure assets. Substantially all such equity positions are included within Asset & Wealth Management.
•
Debt positions include mezzanine and senior debt, and corporate and real estate loans, substantially all of which are included within Asset & Wealth Management. Debt positions also included approximately $1.8 billion as of December 2024 and approximately $2.0 billion as of December 2023 of GM co-branded credit card loans, and approximately $3.0 billion as of December 2023 of GreenSky loans that were classified as held for sale. These held for sale loans were included within Platform Solutions.
•
Funded equity and debt positions are included in our consolidated balance sheets in investments and loans, and the related hedges are included in our consolidated balance sheets in derivatives. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about investments, Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about loans and Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about derivatives.
•
These measures do not reflect the diversification effect across asset categories or across other market risk measures.
Credit and Funding Spread Sensitivity on Derivatives and Financial Liabilities.
VaR excludes the impact of changes in counterparty credit spreads, our own credit spreads and unsecured funding spreads on derivatives, as well as changes in our own credit spreads (debt valuation adjustment) on financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected. The estimated sensitivity to a one basis point increase in credit spreads (counterparty and our own) and unsecured funding spreads on derivatives (including hedges) was a loss of $2 million as of both December 2024 and December 2023. In addition, the estimated sensitivity to a one basis point