officers and directors; (ii) disclosure relating to certain non-GAAP financial measures (as defined in the SEC’s Regulation G) that we may make public orally, telephonically, by webcast, by broadcast or by other means; (iii) our U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Stress Tests results; (iv) the public portion of our and GS Bank USA’s resolution plan submissions; (v) our Pillar 3 disclosure; (vi) our average daily LCR; (vii) our average daily NSFR; (viii) our People Strategy Report; (ix) our Sustainability Report; and (x) our TCFD Report.
Investor Relations can be contacted at The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 200 West Street, 29th Floor, New York, New York 10282, Attn: Investor Relations, telephone: 212-902-0300, e-mail:
gs-investor-relations@gs.com
. We use the following, as well as other social media channels, to disclose public information to investors, the media and others:
•
Our website (
www.goldmansachs.com
);
•
Our X, formerly known as Twitter, account (
x.com/GoldmanSachs
); and
•
Our Instagram account (
instagram.com/GoldmanSachs
).
Our officers may use similar social media channels to disclose public information. It is possible that certain information we or our officers post on our website and on social media could be deemed material, and we encourage investors, the media and others interested in Goldman Sachs to review the business and financial information we or our officers post on our website and on the social media channels identified above. The information on our website and those social media channels is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K.
Forward-Looking Statements
We have included in this Form 10-K, and our management may make, statements that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts or statements of current conditions, but instead represent only our beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control.
By identifying these statements for you in this manner, we are alerting you to the possibility that our actual results, financial condition, liquidity and capital actions may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results, financial condition, liquidity and capital actions in these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our results, financial condition, liquidity and capital actions to differ from those in these statements include, among others, those described below and in “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
These statements may relate to, among other things, (i) our future plans and results, including our target return on average common shareholders’ equity (ROE), return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity (ROTE), efficiency ratio, CET1 capital ratio and