products that we design or sell, affect our ability to retain existing assets and to attract new clients or additional assets from existing clients. This could affect the management and incentive fees that we earn on
assets under supervision (
AUS) or the commissions and net spreads that we earn for selling other investment products. To the extent that our clients choose to invest in products that we do not currently offer, we will suffer outflows and a loss of management fees. Further, if, due to changes in investor sentiment or the relative performance of certain asset classes or otherwise, clients continue to invest in products that generate lower fees (e.g., passively managed or fixed income products), our average effective management fee will decline further and our asset management and wealth management businesses could be adversely affected.
Inflation has had, and could continue to have, a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Inflationary pressures in recent years have affected economies, financial markets and market participants worldwide. Inflationary pressures in recent years have increased certain of our operating expenses, and have adversely affected consumer sentiment and CEO confidence. Central bank responses to inflationary pressures in recent years have also resulted in higher market interest rates, which, in turn, have contributed to lower activity levels across financial markets, in particular for debt underwriting transactions and mortgage originations, and resulted in lower values for certain financial assets which have adversely affected our equity and debt investments. Higher interest rates increase our borrowing costs and have in recent years required us to increase interest paid on our deposits. If inflationary pressures increase, our expenses may increase; we may be unable to achieve our efficiency ratio target; activity levels for certain of our businesses, in particular debt underwriting and mortgages, may decline; our interest expense could increase faster than our interest income, reducing our net interest income and net interest margin; certain of our investments could incur losses or generally low levels of returns; AUS could decline, or the composition of our AUS could shift to lower fee products, reducing management and other fees; economies worldwide could experience recessions; and we could continue to operate in a generally unfavorable economic and market environment.
Liquidity
Our liquidity, profitability and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the debt capital markets or to sell assets.
Liquidity is essential to our businesses. It is of critical importance to us, as most of the failures of financial institutions have occurred in large part due to insufficient liquidity. Our liquidity may be impaired by an inability to access secured and/or unsecured debt markets, an inability to raise or retain deposits, an inability to access funds from