decisions are made.
See “Results of Operations — Platform Solutions” for the drivers of changes in our net revenues for Consumer platforms.
Impact of Los Angeles County Wildfires.
In January 2025, a series of wildfires started in Los Angeles County that spread throughout the region. We are in ongoing dialogue with key stakeholders to assess the health and safety conditions of our office locations and the well-being of our employees. We are monitoring the ongoing developments of the wildfires and the potential impact on the broader economy. As of the date of this filing, the wildfires did not have a material impact on our results of operations.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
In the ordinary course of business, we enter into various types of off-balance sheet arrangements. Our involvement in these arrangements can take many different forms, including:
•
Purchasing or retaining residual and other interests in special purpose entities, such as mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securitization vehicles;
•
Holding senior and subordinated debt, interests in limited and general partnerships, and preferred and common stock in other nonconsolidated vehicles;
•
Entering into interest rate, foreign currency, equity, commodity and credit derivatives, including total return swaps; and
•
Providing guarantees, indemnifications, commitments, letters of credit and representations and warranties.
We enter into these arrangements for a variety of business purposes, including securitizations. The securitization vehicles that purchase mortgages, corporate bonds and other types of financial assets are critical to the functioning of several significant investor markets, including the mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities markets, since they offer investors access to specific cash flows and risks created through the securitization process.
We also enter into these arrangements to underwrite client securitization transactions; provide secondary market liquidity; make investments in performing and nonperforming debt, distressed loans, power-related assets, equity securities, real estate and other assets; and provide investors with credit-linked and asset-repackaged notes.
The table below presents where information about our various off-balance sheet arrangements may be found in this Form 10-K. In addition, see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for information about our consolidation policies.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Risk Management
Risks are inherent in our businesses and include liquidity, market, credit, operational, cybersecurity, model, legal, compliance, conduct, regulatory and reputational risks. For further information about our risk management processes, see “Overview and Structure of Risk Management,” and for information about our areas of risk, see “Liquidity Risk Management,” “Market Risk Management,” “Credit Risk Management,” “Operational Risk Management,” “Cybersecurity