dismissing the state breach of fiduciary duty claim against GS&Co., but declining to dismiss any portion of the federal antitrust law claims. On September 21, 2023, the court granted the plaintiffs’ motion for class certification. On February 5, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted the defendants’ petition seeking interlocutory review of the district court’s grant of class certification. On February 15, 2024, the district court granted the defendants’ request to stay the proceedings pending their appeal of the district court’s grant of class certification.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Interest Rate Swap Antitrust Litigation
Group Inc., GS&Co., GSI, GS Bank USA and Goldman Sachs Financial Markets, L.P. are among the defendants named in a putative antitrust class action relating to the trading of interest rate swaps, filed in November 2015 and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The same Goldman Sachs entities are also among the defendants named in two antitrust actions relating to the trading of interest rate swaps, commenced in April 2016 and June 2018, respectively, in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York by three operators of swap execution facilities and certain of their affiliates. These actions have been consolidated for pretrial proceedings. The complaints generally assert claims under federal antitrust law and state common law in connection with an alleged conspiracy among the defendants to preclude exchange trading of interest rate swaps. The complaints in the individual actions also assert claims under state antitrust law. The complaints seek declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as treble damages in an unspecified amount. Defendants moved to dismiss the class and the first individual action and the district court dismissed the state common law claims asserted by the plaintiffs in the first individual action and otherwise limited the state common law claim in the putative class action and the antitrust claims in both actions to the period from 2013 to 2016. On November 20, 2018, the court granted in part and denied in part the defendants’ motion to dismiss the second individual action, dismissing the state common law claims for unjust enrichment and tortious interference, but denying dismissal of the federal and state antitrust claims. On March 13, 2019, the court denied the plaintiffs’ motion in the putative class action to amend their complaint to add allegations related to conduct from 2008 to 2012, but granted the motion to add limited allegations from 2013 to 2016, which the plaintiffs added in a fourth consolidated amended complaint filed on March 22, 2019. On December 15, 2023, the court denied the plaintiffs’ motion for class certification, and on December 28, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a petition with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit seeking interlocutory