Investment banking fees.
We provide advisory and underwriting services and help companies raise capital to strengthen and grow their businesses. Investment banking fees includes the following:
•
Advisory.
Includes strategic advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings and spin-offs.
•
Underwriting.
Includes public offerings and private placements in both local and cross-border transactions of a wide range of securities and other financial instruments, including acquisition financing.
FICC.
FICC generates revenues from intermediation and financing activities.
•
FICC intermediation.
Includes client execution activities related to making markets in both cash and derivative instruments, as detailed below.
Interest Rate Products.
Government bonds (including inflation-linked securities) across maturities, other government-backed securities, and interest rate swaps, options and other derivatives.
Credit Products
.
Investment-grade and high-yield corporate securities, credit derivatives, exchange-traded funds (ETFs), bank and bridge loans, municipal securities, distressed debt and trade claims.
Mortgages.
Commercial mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives, residential mortgage-related securities, loans and derivatives (including U.S. government agency-issued collateralized mortgage obligations and other securities and loans), and other asset-backed securities, loans and derivatives.
Currencies.
Currency options, spot/forwards and other derivatives on G-10 currencies and emerging-market products.
Commodities.
Commodity derivatives and, to a lesser extent, physical commodities, involving crude oil and petroleum products, natural gas, agricultural, base, precious and other metals, electricity, including renewable power, environmental products and other commodity products.
•
FICC financing.
Includes (i) secured lending to our clients through structured credit and asset-backed lending, including warehouse loans backed by mortgages (including residential and commercial mortgage loans), corporate loans and consumer loans (including auto loans and private student loans), (ii) financing through securities purchased under agreements to resell (resale agreements) and (iii) commodity financing to clients through structured transactions.
Equities.
Equities generates revenues from intermediation and financing activities.
•
Equities intermediation.
We make markets in equity securities and equity-related products, including ETFs, convertible securities, options, futures and OTC derivative instruments. We also structure and make markets in derivatives on indices, industry sectors, financial measures and individual company stocks. Our exchange-based market-making activities include making markets in stocks and ETFs, futures and options on major exchanges worldwide. In addition, we generate commissions and fees from executing and clearing institutional client transactions on major