respect of any E.U. or U.K. securitizations.
GSJCL, our regulated Japanese broker-dealer, is subject to capital requirements imposed by Japan’s Financial Services Agency. GSJCL is also regulated by the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the Bank of Japan and the Ministry of Finance, among others.
The Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong, the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Reserve Bank of India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, the Australian Securities Exchange, the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the Korean Financial Supervisory Service and the Central Bank of Brazil, among others, regulate various of our subsidiaries and also have capital standards and other requirements comparable to the rules of the U.S. regulators.
Our exchange-based market-making activities are subject to extensive regulation by a number of securities exchanges. As a market maker on exchanges, we are required to maintain orderly markets in the securities to which we are assigned.
Swaps, Derivatives and Commodities Regulation
The commodity futures, commodity options and swaps industry in the U.S. is subject to regulation under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act (CEA). The CFTC is the U.S. federal agency charged with the administration of the CEA. In addition, the SEC is the U.S. federal agency charged with the regulation of security-based swaps. The rules and regulations of various self-regulatory organizations, such as the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, other futures exchanges and the National Futures Association (NFA), also govern commodity futures, commodity options and swaps activities.
The terms “swaps” and “security-based swaps” include a wide variety of derivative instruments in addition to those conventionally referred to as swaps (including certain forward contracts and options), and relate to a wide variety of underlying assets or obligations, including currencies, commodities, interest or other monetary rates, yields, indices, securities, credit events, loans and other financial obligations.
CFTC rules require registration of swap dealers, mandatory clearing and execution of interest rate and credit default swaps and real-time public reporting and adherence to business conduct standards for all in-scope swaps. A number of these requirements, particularly those regarding recordkeeping and reporting, also apply to transactions that do not involve a registered swap dealer. GS&Co. and other subsidiaries, including GS Bank USA, GSBE, GSI and J. Aron, are registered with the CFTC as swap dealers. The CFTC has rules establishing capital requirements for swap dealers that are not subject to the capital rules of a prudential regulator, such as the FRB. The CFTC also has financial reporting requirements for covered swap entities and capital rules for CFTC-registered futures commission merchants that provide explicit capital requirements for proprietary positions in swaps and security-based swaps that are