and market practices and structures adjust to evolving regulatory frameworks.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
In 2023, the U.S. federal government suspended the federal debt limit until 2025. If Congress does not raise the debt ceiling, the U.S. could default on its obligations, including Treasury securities that play an integral role in financial markets. A default by the U.S. could result in unprecedented market volatility and illiquidity, heightened operational risks relating to the clearance and settlement of transactions, margin and other disputes with clients and counterparties, an adverse impact to investors including money market funds that invest in U.S. Treasuries, downgrades in the U.S. credit rating, further increases in interest rates and borrowing costs and a recession in the U.S. or other economies. Continued uncertainty relating to the debt ceiling could result in downgrades of the U.S. credit rating, which could adversely affect market conditions, lead to margin disputes, increases in interest rates and borrowing costs and necessitate significant operational changes among market participants, including us. A downgrade of the U.S. federal government’s credit rating could also materially and adversely affect the market for repurchase agreements, securities borrowing and lending, and other financings typically collateralized by U.S. Treasury or agency obligations. Further, the fair value, liquidity and credit ratings of securities issued by, or other obligations of, agencies of the U.S. government or related to the U.S. government or its agencies, as well as municipal bonds could be similarly adversely affected. An increasing frequency of government shutdowns, or near shutdowns, in the U.S. could also lead to uncertainty as to the continued funding of the U.S. government, which could, in turn, adversely affect the credit ratings of the U.S. and the market for U.S. Treasury or agency obligations.
In 2024, numerous elections were held globally, including the recent U.S. presidential election. The outcomes of the elections are expected to result in changes in policy, which could also have adverse effects on us or the business environment in which we operate more generally. For example, the new U.S. presidential administration has imposed or increased tariffs, including on imports from China, and proposed imposing or increasing tariffs on U.S. trading partners, which could adversely affect markets, the business environment and some of our businesses.
Our businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by declining asset values, particularly where we have net “long” positions, receive fees based on the value of assets managed, or receive or post collateral.
Many of our businesses have net “long” positions in debt securities, loans, derivatives, mortgages, equities (including private equity and real estate) and most other asset classes. These include positions we take when we act as a principal to