fair values of the hedging instrument and the risk being hedged (i.e., interest rate risk). An interest rate swap is considered highly effective in offsetting changes in fair value attributable to changes in the hedged risk when the regression analysis results in a coefficient of determination of 80% or greater and a slope between 80% and 125%.
For qualifying interest rate fair value hedges, gains or losses on derivatives are included in interest income/expense. The change in fair value of the hedged items attributable to the risk being hedged is reported as an adjustment to its carrying value (hedging adjustment) and is also included in interest income/expense. When a derivative is no longer designated as a hedge, any remaining difference between the carrying value and par value of the hedged item is amortized in interest income/expense over the remaining life of the hedged item using the effective interest method. See Note 23 for further information about interest income and interest expense.
The table below presents the gains/(losses) from interest rate derivatives accounted for as hedges and the related hedged items.
The table below presents the carrying value of investments, deposits and unsecured borrowings that are designated in an interest rate hedging relationship and the related cumulative hedging adjustment (increase/(decrease)) from current and prior hedging relationships included in such carrying values.
In the table above:
•
Cumulative hedging adjustment included $(
5.34
) billion as of March 2025 and $(
5.81
) billion as of December 2024 of hedging adjustments from prior hedging relationships that were de-designated and substantially all were related to unsecured long-term borrowings.
•
The amortized cost of investments was
$
43.90
billion as of March 2025 and $
35.29
billion as of December 2024.
In addition, cumulative hedging adjustments for items no longer designated in a hedging relationship were $(
204
) million as of March 2025 and were
no
t material as of December 2024.
The firm designates certain foreign currency forward contracts as fair value hedges of the foreign exchange risk of non-U.S. government securities classified as available-for-sale. See Note 8 for information about the amortized cost and fair value of such securities. The effectiveness of such hedges is assessed based on changes in spot rates. The gains/(losses) on the hedges (relating to both spot and forward points) and the foreign exchange gains/(losses) on the related available-for-sale securities are included in market making. The net gains/(losses) on hedges and the related hedged available-for-sale securities were $(
9
) million (reflecting a loss of $
184
million related to hedges and a gain of $
175
million on the related hedged available-for-sale securities) for the three months ended March 2025. The gross and net gains/(losses) were
no
t material for the three months ended March 2024.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to