industry, we are subject to extensive regulation and supervision worldwide. The regulatory regimes applicable to our operations have been, and continue to be, subject to significant changes.
New regulations have been adopted or are being considered by regulators and policy makers worldwide, as described below. The impacts of any changes to the regulations affecting our businesses, including as a result of the proposals described below, are uncertain and will not be known until such changes are finalized and market practices and structures develop under the revised regulations.
Group Inc. is a BHC under the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (BHC Act) and an FHC under amendments to the BHC Act effected by the U.S. Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (GLB Act), and is subject to supervision and examination by the FRB, which is our primary regulator.
Under the system of “functional regulation” established under the GLB Act, the primary regulators of our U.S. non-bank subsidiaries directly regulate the activities of those subsidiaries, with the FRB exercising a supervisory role. Such “functionally regulated” subsidiaries include broker-dealers and security-based swap dealers registered with the SEC, such as our principal U.S. broker-dealer, entities registered with or regulated by the CFTC with respect to futures-related and swaps-related activities and investment advisers registered with the SEC with respect to their investment advisory activities.
Our principal subsidiaries operating in the U.S. include GS Bank USA, Goldman Sachs & Co., LLC (GS&Co.), J. Aron & Company LLC (J. Aron) and Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P.
GS Bank USA is our principal U.S. bank subsidiary and is supervised and regulated by the FRB, the FDIC, the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). GS Bank USA also has a London branch, which is regulated by the FCA and PRA. We conduct a number of our activities partially or entirely through GS Bank USA and its subsidiaries, including: corporate loans (including leveraged lending); securities-based and collateralized loans; credit card loans; residential mortgages; transaction banking; deposit-taking; interest rate, credit, currency and other derivatives; and agency lending.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
GS&Co. is our principal U.S. broker-dealer and is registered as a broker-dealer, a security-based swap dealer, a municipal advisor and an investment adviser with the SEC and as a broker-dealer in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. U.S. self-regulatory organizations, such as FINRA and the NYSE, have adopted rules that apply to broker-dealers, such as GS&Co.
Our principal subsidiaries operating in Europe include: Goldman Sachs International (GSI), Goldman Sachs International Bank (GSIB), Goldman Sachs Asset Management International (GSAMI), Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (GSBE), Goldman Sachs Asset Management B.V., and Goldman Sachs Paris Inc.