held for sale that are accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value. Such loans are included within other interest-earning assets.
•
Short- and long-term borrowings include both secured and unsecured borrowings.
Changes
in
Net
Interest
Income, Volume
and
Rate
Analysis
The tables below present the effect on net interest income of volume and rate changes. In this analysis, changes due to volume/rate variance have been allocated to volume
.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Supplemental Financial Information
Deposits
The table below presents information about interest-bearing deposits.
In the table above, deposits are classified as U.S. and non-U.S. based on the location of the entity in which such deposits are held.
The amount of deposits in U.S. offices held by non-U.S. depositors was $6.06 billion as of December 2024 and $10.34 billion as of December 2023.
The amount of uninsured deposits in U.S. offices was $107.17 billion as of December 2024 and $111.60 billion as of December 2023. These amounts exclude cash collateral on derivatives that is considered by the FDIC when determining uninsured deposits. Such collateral is either netted against the derivative balances or included in payables to customer and counterparties in our consolidated balance sheets.
The amount of uninsured deposits in non-U.S. offices was $65.32 billion as of December 2024 and $69.30 billion as of December 2023.
The table below presents uninsured time deposits by maturity.
In the table above:
•
All U.S. time deposits were in accounts eligible for FDIC insurance and non-U.S. time deposits include deposits in accounts eligible for insurance in their local jurisdictions, as well as deposits in uninsured accounts.
•
The insurance limit (for account holders who have both time and other deposits that, in aggregate, exceed the insurance limit) is allocated between time and other deposits based on regulatory methodologies defined by each local jurisdiction.
Loan Portfolio
The table below presents information about gross loans.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Supplemental Financial Information
Maturities and Interest Rates.
The table below presents gross loans by tenor.
The table below presents the gross loans by tenor and for loans with tenors greater than one year, the distributions of such loans between fixed and floating interest rates.
Allowance for Loan Losses
The table below presents information about the allowance for loan losses.
The table below presents information about the net charge-off ratio for loans accounted for at amortized cost.
In the table above, the net charge-off ratio is calculated by dividing the net charge-offs by average gross loans accounted for at amortized cost. Net charge-offs for wholesale loans were not material for 2024 and were primarily related to corporate loans for 2023.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
There