top-down and bottom-up approaches to manage and measure operational risk. From a top-down perspective, our senior management assesses firmwide and business-level operational risk profiles. From a bottom-up perspective, our first and second lines of defense are responsible for risk identification and risk management on a day-to-day basis, including escalating operational risks and risk events to senior management.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
We seek to maintain a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. The Firmwide Compliance and Operational Risk Committee is responsible for overseeing compliance and operational risk for our business.
Our operational risk management framework is designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the Capital Framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance.
We have established policies that require all employees and consultants to report and escalate operational risk events. When operational risk events are identified, our policies require that the events be documented and analyzed to determine whether changes are required in our systems and/or processes to further mitigate the risk of future events.
We use operational risk management applications to capture, analyze, aggregate and report operational risk event data and key metrics. One of our key risk identification and control assessment tools is an operational risk and control self-assessment process, which is performed by our managers. This process consists of the identification and rating of operational risks, on a forward-looking basis, and the related controls. The results from this process are analyzed to evaluate operational risk exposures and identify businesses, activities or products with heightened levels of operational risk.
Risk Measurement
We measure our operational risk exposure using both statistical modeling and scenario analyses, which involve qualitative and quantitative assessments of internal and external operational risk event data and internal control factors for each of our businesses. Operational risk measurement also incorporates an assessment of business environment factors, including:
•
Evaluations of the complexity of our business activities;
•
The degree of automation in our processes;
•
New activity information;
•
The legal and regulatory environment; and
•
Changes in the markets for our products and services, including the diversity and sophistication of our customers and counterparties.
The results from these scenario analyses are used to monitor changes in operational risk and to determine business lines that may have heightened exposure to operational risk. We also perform firmwide stress tests. See “Overview and Structure of Risk Management” for information about firmwide stress tests.
Types of Operational Risks
Increased reliance on