Board of Directors for inclusion in risk-based capital. These profits contributed 87 basis points to the leverage ratio as of December 2024.
GSIB is subject to minimum reserve requirements at central banks in certain of the jurisdictions in which it operates. As of both December 2024 and December 2023, GSIB was in compliance with these requirements.
•
GSBE.
GSBE is our German bank subsidiary supervised by the European Central Bank, BaFin and Deutsche Bundesbank. GSBE is a non-U.S. banking subsidiary of GS Bank USA and is also subject to standalone regulatory capital requirements noted below. GSBE is subject to the capital requirements prescribed in the amended E.U. Capital Requirements Directive (CRD) and E.U. Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR), which are largely based on Basel III. The deposits of GSBE are covered by the German statutory deposit protection program to the extent provided by law. In addition, GSBE has elected to participate in the German voluntary deposit protection program which provides further insurance for certain eligible deposits beyond the coverage of the German statutory deposit program.
The table below presents GSBE’s risk-based capital requirements.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
The table below presents information about GSBE’s risk-based capital ratios.
In the table above, the risk-based capital ratios as of December 2024 reflected profits that are still subject to annual audit by GSBE’s external auditors and approval by GSBE’s shareholder (GS Bank USA) for inclusion in risk-based capital. These profits contributed 151 basis points to the CET1 capital ratio as of December 2024.
The table below presents GSBE’s leverage ratio requirement and leverage ratio.
In the table above, the leverage ratio as of December 2024 reflected profits that are still subject to annual audit by GSBE’s external auditors and approval by GSBE’s shareholder (GS Bank USA) for inclusion in risk-based capital. These profits contributed 54 basis points to the leverage ratio as of December 2024.
GSBE is subject to minimum reserve requirements at central banks in certain of the jurisdictions in which it operates. As of both December 2024 and December 2023, GSBE was in compliance with these requirements.
GSBE is a registered swap dealer with the CFTC and a registered security-based swap dealer with the SEC. As of both December 2024 and December 2023, GSBE was subject to and in compliance with applicable capital requirements for swap dealers and security-based swap dealers.
U.S. Regulated Broker-Dealer Subsidiaries.
GS&Co., our primary U.S. regulated broker-dealer subsidiary, is also a registered futures commission merchant and a registered swap dealer with the CFTC, and a registered security-based swap dealer with the SEC, and therefore is subject to regulatory capital requirements imposed by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., the CFTC, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and