risks, exposures, and regulatory requirements and approves related policies. This committee is co-chaired by our chief financial officer and our global treasurer, who are appointed as chairs by our chief executive officer, and reports to the Management Committee.
Liquidity Risk Management
Overview
Liquidity risk is the risk that we will be unable to fund ourselves or meet our liquidity needs in the event of firm-specific, broader industry or market liquidity stress events. We have in place a comprehensive and conservative set of liquidity and funding policies. Our principal objective is to be able to fund ourselves and to enable our core businesses to continue to serve clients and generate revenues, even under adverse circumstances.
Corporate Treasury is responsible for our liquidity, including developing and executing our liquidity and funding strategy.
Liquidity Risk, which is part of our second line of defense and reports to our chief risk officer, has primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our liquidity risk by providing independent firmwide oversight and challenge across our global businesses. Liquidity Risk is also responsible for the establishment of stress testing and limits frameworks.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Liquidity Risk Management Principles
We manage liquidity risk according to three principles: (i) hold sufficient excess liquidity in the form of GCLA to cover outflows during a stressed period, (ii) maintain appropriate Asset-Liability Management and (iii) maintain a viable Contingency Funding Plan.
GCLA.
GCLA is liquidity that we maintain to meet a broad range of potential cash outflows and collateral needs in a stressed environment. A primary liquidity principle is to pre-fund our estimated potential cash and collateral needs during a liquidity crisis and hold this liquidity in the form of unencumbered, highly liquid securities and cash. We believe that the securities held in our GCLA would be readily convertible to cash in a matter of days, through liquidation, by entering into repurchase agreements or from maturities of resale agreements, and that this cash would allow us to meet immediate obligations without needing to sell other assets or depend on additional funding from credit-sensitive markets.
Our GCLA reflects the following principles:
•
The first days or weeks of a liquidity crisis are the most critical to a company’s survival;
•
Focus must be maintained on all potential cash and collateral outflows, not just disruptions to financing flows. Our businesses are diverse, and our liquidity needs are determined by many factors, including market movements, collateral requirements and client commitments, all of which can change dramatically in a difficult funding environment;
•
During a liquidity crisis, credit-sensitive funding, including unsecured debt, certain deposits and some types of secured financing agreements, may be unavailable, and the