manage our capital requirements and the levels of our capital usage principally by setting targets on our balance sheet and
risk-weighted assets (
RWAs), in each case at both the firmwide and business levels.
We principally manage the level and composition of our capital through issuances and repurchases of our common stock.
We may issue, redeem or repurchase our preferred stock and subordinated debt or other forms of capital as business conditions warrant. Prior to such redemptions or repurchases, we must receive approval from the FRB. See Notes 14 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our subordinated debt and preferred stock.
Capital Planning and Stress Testing Process.
As part of capital planning, we project sources and uses of capital given a range of business environments, including stressed conditions. Our stress testing process is designed to identify and measure material risks associated with our business activities, including market risk, credit risk, operational risk and liquidity risk, as well as our ability to generate revenues.
Our capital planning process incorporates an internal capital adequacy assessment with the objective of ensuring that we are appropriately capitalized relative to the risks in our businesses. We incorporate stress scenarios into our capital planning process with a goal of holding sufficient capital to ensure we remain adequately capitalized after experiencing a severe stress event. Our assessment of capital adequacy is viewed in tandem with our assessment of liquidity adequacy and is integrated into our overall risk management structure, governance and policy framework.
Our stress tests incorporate our internally designed stress scenarios, including our internally developed severely adverse scenario, and those required by the FRB, and are designed to capture our specific vulnerabilities and risks. We provide further information about our stress test processes and a summary of the results on our website as described in “Available Information.”
As required by the FRB’s CCAR rules, we submit an annual capital plan for review by the FRB. The purpose of the FRB’s review is to ensure that we have a robust, forward-looking capital planning process that accounts for our unique risks and that permits continued operation during times of economic and financial stress.
The FRB evaluates us based, in part, on whether we have the capital necessary to continue operating under the baseline and severely adverse scenarios provided by the FRB and those developed internally. This evaluation also takes into account our process for identifying risk, our controls and governance for capital planning, and our guidelines for making capital planning decisions. In addition, the FRB evaluates our plan to make capital distributions (i.e., dividend payments and repurchases or redemptions of stock, subordinated debt or other capital securities) and issue capital, across the range of macroeconomic