Bank USA (GS Bank USA). Substantially all non-U.S. deposits were held at Goldman Sachs International Bank (GSIB) and Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (GSBE).
•
Substantially all deposits are interest-bearing.
The table below presents maturities of time deposits held in U.S. and non-U.S. offices.
In the table above:
•
The aggregate amount of time deposits in denominations that met or exceeded the applicable insurance limits, or were otherwise not covered by insurance, were $
21.23
billion in U.S. deposits and $
42.98
billion in non-U.S. deposits.
•
Time deposits included $
72.84
billion as of March 2025 and $
44.86
billion as of December 2024 of deposits accounted for at fair value under the fair value option. See Note 10 for further information about deposits accounted for at fair value.
The firm’s savings and demand deposits are recorded based on the amount of cash received plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value. In addition, the firm designates certain derivatives as fair value hedges to convert a portion of its time deposits not accounted for at fair value from fixed-rate obligations into floating-rate obligations. The carrying value of time deposits not accounted for at fair value approximated fair value as of both March 2025 and December 2024. As these savings and demand deposits and time deposits are not accounted for at fair value, they are not included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in Notes 4 and 5. Had these deposits been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, they would have been classified in level 2 as of both March 2025 and December 2024.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)
Note 14.
Unsecured Borrowings
The table below presents information about unsecured borrowings.
Unsecured Short-Term Borrowings
Unsecured short-term borrowings includes the portion of unsecured long-term borrowings maturing within one year of the financial statement date and unsecured long-term borrowings that are redeemable within one year of the financial statement date at the option of the holder.
The firm accounts for certain hybrid financial instruments at fair value under the fair value option. See Note 10 for further information about unsecured short-term borrowings that are accounted for at fair value. In addition, the firm designates certain derivatives as fair value hedges to convert a portion of its unsecured short-term borrowings not accounted for at fair value from fixed-rate obligations into floating-rate obligations. The carrying value of unsecured short-term borrowings that are not recorded at fair value generally approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of the obligations. As these unsecured short-term borrowings are not accounted for at fair value, they are not included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy in Notes 4 and 5.
Had these borrowings been included in the firm’s fair value hierarchy, substantially all would have been classified in level 2 as