consideration to their impact on our key metrics. Compliance with targets is monitored by our revenue-producing units, Corporate Treasury and Risk.
Monitoring of Key Metrics.
We monitor key balance sheet metrics both by business and on a consolidated basis, including asset and liability size and composition, target utilization and risk measures. We attribute assets to businesses and review and analyze movements resulting from new business activity, as well as market fluctuations.
Scenario Analyses.
We conduct various scenario analyses, including as part of the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) and U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Stress Tests (DFAST), as well as our resolution and recovery planning. See “Capital Management and Regulatory Capital — Capital Management” for further information about these scenario analyses. These scenarios cover short- and long-term time horizons using various macroeconomic and firm-specific assumptions, based on a range of economic scenarios. We use these analyses to assist us in developing our longer-term balance sheet management strategy, including the level and composition of assets, funding and capital. Additionally, these analyses help us develop approaches for maintaining appropriate funding, liquidity and capital across a variety of situations, including a severely stressed environment.
Balance Sheet Analysis and Metrics
As of December 2024, total assets in our consolidated balance sheets were $1.68 trillion, an increase of $34.38 billion from December 2023, reflecting increases in trading assets of $93.05 billion (primarily due to an increase in government obligations, reflecting the impact of our and our clients’ activities), investments of $37.68 billion (primarily due to an increase in U.S. government obligations accounted for as available-for-sale) and loans of $12.84 billion (primarily reflecting our clients’ activities), partially offset by decreases in cash and cash equivalents of $59.49 billion (primarily reflecting our activity) and collateralized agreements of $48.52 billion (primarily reflecting our activity). See “Liquidity Risk Management — Cash Flows” for further information about cash and cash equivalents.
As of December 2024, total liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets were $1.55 trillion, an increase of $29.29 billion from December 2023, primarily reflecting increases in collateralized financings of $35.03 billion (reflecting the impact of our and our clients’ activities), and deposits of $4.60 billion (due to an increase in consumer deposits, partially offset by decreases in transaction banking deposits and other deposits), partially offset by decreases in customer and other payables of $7.47 billion (primarily reflecting our clients’ activities) and borrowings of $5.48 billion (driven by net maturities).
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Our total securities sold under agreements to