the employees in our primary locations, including the New York metropolitan area, London, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Salt Lake City, Dallas, Singapore, Warsaw and Birmingham, work in close proximity to one another. Our headquarters is located in the New York metropolitan area, and we have our largest employee concentration occupying two principal office buildings near the Hudson River waterfront. They are subject to potential catastrophic events, including, but not limited to, terrorist attacks, extreme weather, or other hostile events that could negatively affect our business. Notwithstanding our efforts to maintain business continuity, business disruptions impacting our offices and employees could lead to our employees’ inability to occupy the offices, communicate with or travel to other office locations or work remotely. As a result, our ability to service and interact with clients may be adversely impacted, due to our failure or inability to successfully implement business contingency plans.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
A failure or disruption in our infrastructure, or in the operational systems or infrastructure of third parties, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, damage our reputation and cause losses.
We face the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearinghouses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities and derivatives transactions, and as our interconnectivity with our clients grows, we increasingly face the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay with respect to our clients’ systems.
There has been significant consolidation among clearing agents, exchanges and clearinghouses and an increasing number of derivative transactions are cleared on exchanges, which has increased our exposure to operational failure or significant operational delay, termination or capacity constraints of the particular financial intermediaries that we use and could affect our ability to find adequate and cost-effective alternatives in the event of any such failure, delay, termination or constraint. Industry consolidation, whether among market participants or financial intermediaries, increases the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay as disparate complex systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis.
The interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with agent banks, exchanges and clearinghouses, and the increased centrality of these entities, increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business. Interconnectivity of financial institutions with other companies through, among other things, application programming interfaces or APIs presents similar risks. Any such failure, termination or