cash outflows from collateralized transactions (reflecting both a decrease in collateralized financings and an increase in collateralized agreements) and trading assets, partially offset by cash inflows from trading liabilities. The net cash used for investing activities primarily reflected an increase in net lending activities (reflecting increases in other collateralized loans) and net purchases of U.S. government obligations accounted for as available-for-sale securities. The net cash provided by financing activities primarily reflected cash inflows from deposits (reflecting increases in other deposits, consumer deposits and brokered certificates of deposit) and net issuances of unsecured long-term borrowings, partially offset by common stock repurchases. The increase in cash and cash equivalents as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates was due to the U.S. dollar weakening during the quarter.
Three Months Ended March 2024
.
Our cash and cash equivalents decreased by $32.19 billion to $209.39 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2024, due to net cash used for operating and investing activities and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, partially offset by net cash provided by financing activities. The net cash used for operating activities primarily reflected cash outflows from trading assets. The net cash used for investing activities primarily reflected net purchases of U.S. government and agency obligations accounted for as available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities. The net cash provided by financing activities primarily reflected cash inflows from deposits (reflecting increases in consumer deposits and private bank deposits, partially offset by decreases in transaction banking deposits and brokered certificates of deposit) and cash inflows from unsecured short-term borrowings, net, partially offset by net repayments of unsecured long-term borrowings. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates was due to the U.S. dollar strengthening during the quarter.
THE GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
Market Risk Management
Overview
Market risk is the risk of an adverse impact to our earnings due to changes in market conditions. Our assets and liabilities that give rise to market risk primarily include positions held for market making for our clients and for our investing and financing activities, and these positions change based on client demands and our investment opportunities. We employ a variety of risk measures, each described in the respective sections below, to monitor market risk. Categories of market risk include the following:
•
Interest rate risk: results from exposures to changes in the level, slope and curvature of yield curves, the volatilities of interest rates, prepayment speeds and credit spreads;
•
Equity price risk: results from exposures to changes in prices and volatilities of individual