procedures, and training programs for our associates. We continue to make investments to enhance our ability to identify, protect from and detect security risks within our environment.
Monitoring and Mitigation.
We maintain a range of tools and services to aid in and inform our monitoring and mitigation of cyber risks. Throughout the year, internal teams conduct targeted audits and penetration tests.
We engage third parties to independently evaluate our cybersecurity maturity on an annual basis and perform a risk assessment, as well as to provide expertise as needed on various cybersecurity programs and issues
. We maintain a security operations center that is staffed around the clock to detect, mitigate, and respond to cyber threats. In the event we identify a cybersecurity incident, we have defined procedures to respond to and recover from such incident as quickly as possible. Our policies and procedures are reviewed periodically to ensure they remain aligned with current regulatory requirements and the current threat landscape. We also have established classification and retention policies focused on limiting the risk of unauthorized exposure of customer, associate, and business data. We maintain cybersecurity insurance to help provide protection against losses arising from significant security incidents.
The Company has an Incident Response Team (“IRT”), a cross-functional group with the expertise, authority and resources to act quickly, efficiently and appropriately to investigate, coordinate the response to, remediate, and communicate regarding a cybersecurity incident. The IRT uses a detailed incident response plan that outlines and coordinates the actions we take to prepare for, detect, respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents, which include processes to triage, assess the severity of, escalate, contain, investigate, and remediate an incident, as well as to comply with potentially applicable legal obligations and mitigate brand and reputational damage. In addition, our IRT engages in tabletop exercises at least annually to simulate a response to a cybersecurity incident and uses the findings to improve our processes, plans and technologies.
Training.
We provide data security and privacy awareness and training to all associates upon hire and on an annual basis, with additional customized, role-based training provided to targeted internal audiences. In addition, we conduct periodic awareness campaigns and regular phishing email simulation tests to reinforce our new-hire and annual training and promote ongoing awareness of risks.
Vendor Security.
We have a vendor risk management program that works to classify service provider or business partner risk based on several factors, including but not limited to data type accessed and/or retained. Using a risk-based approach, we perform diligence and security risk assessments for certain vendors and service providers and include appropriate obligations in our contractual arrangements.