measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.
We recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in interest expense and SG&A, respectively, on our consolidated statements of earnings. Accrued interest and penalties related to income tax matters are recognized in other accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets.
Table
of
Contents
We file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return which includes certain eligible subsidiaries. Non-U.S. subsidiaries and certain U.S. subsidiaries, which are consolidated for financial reporting purposes, are not eligible to be included in our consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. Separate provisions for income taxes have been determined for these entities. For unremitted earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries, we are required to make an assertion regarding reinvestment or repatriation for tax purposes. For any earnings that we do not make a permanent reinvestment assertion, we recognize a provision for deferred income taxes. For earnings where we have made a permanent reinvestment assertion, no provision is recognized. See
Note 6
for further discussion.
We are subject to global intangible low-taxed income tax, an incremental tax on foreign income. We have made an accounting election to record this tax in the period the tax arises.
Comprehensive Income
Comprehensive income includes net earnings adjusted for certain gains and losses that are excluded from net earnings and recognized within accumulated other comprehensive loss as a component of equity, which consists primarily of foreign currency translation adjustments. Accumulated other comprehensive loss also includes net losses on cash flow hedges that were immaterial as of February 2, 2025 and January 28, 2024. Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings were immaterial in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022.
Foreign Currency Translation
Assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated into U.S. dollars at the current rate of exchange on the last day of the reporting period. Revenues and expenses are translated using average exchange rates for the period, and equity transactions are translated using the actual rate on the day of the transaction.
Cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of February 2, 2025 and January 28, 2024 were losses of $
970
million and $
365
million, respectively.
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
ASU
No. 2023-07.
In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, “Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures,” which is intended to improve reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The disclosure requirements included in ASU No. 2023-07 are required for all public entities, including entities with a single