results of operations, and that require significant judgment or use of significant assumptions or complex estimates.
BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that once control is obtained, all the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. The determination of the acquisition date fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires estimates and the use of valuation techniques when fair value is not readily available and requires a significant amount of management judgment. For the valuation of intangible assets acquired in a business combination, we typically use an income approach. Specifically, for the SRS acquisition, we used the multi-period excess earnings method to determine the estimated acquisition date fair values of the customer relationships intangible assets. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair values of customer relationships included forecasted revenues, expected customer attrition rates, and the discount rate applied. Although the Company believes its estimates of acquisition date fair values are reasonable, actual financial results could differ from those estimates due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making such estimates. Changes in assumptions concerning future financial results or other underlying assumptions could have a significant impact on the determination of the fair values of the customer relationships intangible assets acquired.
Table
of
Contents
The excess of the purchase price over fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. During the measurement period, which is up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill due to the use of preliminary information in our initial estimates. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings.
MERCHANDISE INVENTORIES
We value the majority of our inventory under the retail inventory method, with the remainder of our inventories valued under a cost method, primarily the first-in, first-out method. Under the retail inventory method, inventories are stated at cost, which is determined by applying a cost-to-retail ratio to the retail value of inventories.
The retail value of our inventory is adjusted as needed to reflect current market conditions. Because these adjustments are based on current prevailing market conditions, the value of our inventory approximates the lower of cost or market. The valuation under the retail inventory method is based on a number of factors such as markups, markdowns, and inventory losses (or shrink). As such, there exists an inherent uncertainty in the final determination of inventory cost and gross profit. We determine markups and markdowns based on the