notes at maturity. At February 2, 2025, we had an aggregate principal amount of senior notes outstanding of $51.1 billion, with $4.3 billion payable within 12 months. Future interest payments associated with these senior notes total $27.1 billion, with $2.1 billion payable within 12 months, based on current interest rates, which include the impact of our active interest rate swap agreements.
The indentures governing our senior notes do not generally limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness or require us to maintain financial ratios or specified levels of net worth or liquidity. The indentures governing our notes contain various customary covenants; however, none of the covenants are expected to impact our liquidity or capital resources. We were in compliance with all such covenants at February 2, 2025. See
Note 5
to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our debt arrangements.
LEASES
We use operating and finance leases largely to obtain a portion of our real estate, including our stores, distribution centers, and store support centers. At February 2, 2025, we had aggregate remaining lease payment obligations of $15.2 billion, with $2.0 billion payable within 12 months. Aggregate lease obligations include approximately $560 million of obligations related to leases not yet commenced. See
Note 3
to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our operating and finance leases.
PURCHASE OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER
Purchase obligations include all legally binding contracts such as firm commitments for inventory purchases, media and sponsorship spend, software and license commitments, and legally binding service contracts. We issue inventory purchase orders in the ordinary course of business, which are typically cancellable by their terms, therefore we do not consider purchase orders that are cancellable to be firm inventory commitments. At February 2, 2025, we had aggregate purchase obligations
of
$2.4 billion
, with
$1.1 billion
paya
ble within 12 months.
At February 2, 2025, we had aggregate liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits totaling $627 million, none of which are expected to be paid in the next 12 months. The timing of payment, if any, associated with our long-term unrecognized tax benefit liabilities is unknown. See
Note
6
to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our unrecognized tax benefits.
We have no material off-balance sheet arrangements.
CASH FLOWS SUMMARY
Table
of
Contents
Operating Activities
Cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, associate compensation, operations, occupancy costs, and income taxes. Cash provided by or used in operating activities is also subject to changes in working capital. Working capital at any point in time is subject to many variables, including