June 18, 2024, following the satisfaction or waiver of the applicable closing conditions, including receipt of the requisite regulatory approvals, the acquisition was completed and all merger consideration was transferred. We believe the acquisition of SRS will accelerate the Company’s growth with the residential professional customer. The acquisition is expected to complement our existing capabilities and enable us to better serve complex project purchase occasions with the renovator/remodeler, while also establishing the Company as a leading specialty trade distributor across multiple verticals. Refer to
Note 2
and
Note 10
to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the impact of the acquisition on our consolidated financial statements.
Table of
Contents
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following table presents the percentage relationship between net sales and major categories in our consolidated statements of earnings.
FISCAL 2024 AND FISCAL 2023 THREE MONTH COMPARISONS
—————
Note: Certain percentages may not sum to totals due to rounding.
—————
(1)
Does not include results for HD Supply or SRS. At this time, we are still evaluating whether SRS results will be incorporated into our selected sales metrics.
(2)
Average ticket represents the average price paid per transaction and is used by management to monitor the performance of the Company, as it represents a primary driver in measuring sales performance.
(3)
Sales per retail square foot represents annualized sales divided by retail store square footage. Sales per retail square foot is a measure of the efficiency of sales based on the total square footage of our stores and is used by management to monitor the performance of the Company’s retail operations as an indicator of the productivity of owned and leased square footage for these retail operations.
Sales
We assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales.
Net Sales.
Net sales for the third quarter of fiscal 2024 were $40.2 billion, an increase of 6.6% from $37.7 billion for the third quarter of fiscal 2023. The increase in net sales for the third quarter of fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by SRS, which contributed $2.9 billion of net sales during the third quarter of fiscal 2024. This increase in net sales was partially offset by the impact of a negative comparable sales environment, primarily driven by decreases in comparable average ticket and comparable customer transactions.
Table of
Contents
Online sales, which consist of sales generated through our websites and mobile applications for products picked up at our stores or delivered to customer locations, represented 14.0% of net sales during the third quarter of fiscal 2024 and increased by 4.0% compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2023.
A stronger U.S. dollar negatively impacted net sales by $131 million duri
ng the third quarter of fiscal 2024.
Comparable Sales.
Comparable sales is a measure that highlights the performance of our