compliance. This committee is chaired by our Vice President – Internal Audit and Corporate Compliance and is composed of a cross-functional team of senior leaders, including our CEO.
The committee generally meets quarterly and is supported by our Security and Technology Risk Leadership Committee and our Privacy and Data Governance Committee. The activities of the Data Security and Privacy Governance Committee are reported to the Board or the Audit Committee by the Chair of the committee, as appropriate.
The Security and Technology Risk Leadership Committee provides leadership and oversight of our cybersecurity program. It is chaired by our CISO and composed of Company technology leaders as well as a cross-functional group of representatives from other departments. Our Privacy and Data Governance Committee provides leadership and oversight of our privacy and data governance programs. It is chaired by our Chief Privacy Officer and composed of a cross-functional group across approximately 20 departments.
These committees generally meet monthly or every other month and report to the Data Security and Privacy Governance Committee on a regular basis.
Item 2.  Properties.
The following table presents the percentage of our owned versus leased facilities in operation within our Primary segment at the end of fiscal 2024, along with the total square footage:
—————
(1)
Our owned stores include those subject to ground leases.
(2)
We operated over 500 distribution and fulfillment centers and warehouses at the end of fiscal 2024.
(3)
Our Store Support Center (corporate headquarters) is located in Atlanta, GA.
We also operated over 780 SRS branch locations throughout the U.S. at the end of fiscal 2024, the majority of which are leased.
Table
of
Contents
The following table presents our U.S. store locations (including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the territories of the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam) within our Primary segment at the end of fiscal 2024:
The following table presents our store locations outside of the U.S. within our Primary segment at the end of fiscal 2024:
Table
of
Contents
Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.
The Company is party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of its business but is not currently a party to any legal proceeding that management believes will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or our results of operations.
SEC regulations require us to disclose certain information about proceedings arising under federal, state or local environmental regulations if we reasonably believe that such proceedings may result in monetary sanctions above a stated threshold. Pursuant to SEC regulations, the Company uses a threshold of $1 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required.
As previously reported, in April 2021 we entered into a civil consent decree with the U.S. Department of Justice, the EPA, and the states of Utah, Massachusetts, and Rhode