disrupt our business operations, result in data compromise, or both. Nation-state actors have in the past carried out, and may in the future carry out, cyber-attacks to achieve their
Table
of
Contents
aims and goals, which may include espionage, monetary gain, disruption, and destruction. Similarly, there may be increased activities by organized or coordinating groups of cyber criminals who seek to attack larger organizations’ data or systems for their own aims and goals, which can include financial gain. Because the techniques threat actors use to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, including use of stolen passwords, social engineering, phishing, smishing, vishing, identity spoofing (including through the use of emerging technologies such as deep fakes), ransomware or other disruptive and destructive malware, supply chain compromises, insider threats, and man-in-the-middle and denial of service attacks, change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of anomalous activity or compromise, we may be unable to anticipate or detect these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures.
The ever-evolving cybersecurity threat landscape means that we and our third-party service providers and business partners must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment, as well as those of companies we or they acquire. There is no guarantee that the measures we take will be adequate to safeguard against all threats, including vulnerabilities, data security breaches, system compromises or misuses of data. As we have experienced in the past, any significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, associate, job applicant, business partner, or Company data, could result in significant costs, including costs to investigate, mitigate, and remediate, as well as lost sales, fines, lawsuits, regulatory investigations, and damage to our reputation. Additionally, as we have experienced in the past, we or our third-party service providers may not discover any security breach, vulnerability or compromise of information for a significant period of time after the occurrence of a security incident. When our systems or those of our third-party service providers on which we rely are breached or attacked, we may also suffer, and on some occasions have suffered, an outage, failure, or unavailability of data or information technology systems, and interruptions to our business operations while such breach or attack is being remedied; this may impact data or systems operated by us or by third-party service providers. Furthermore, our cyber insurance coverage may not be adequate for liabilities or costs actually incurred, and we cannot be certain that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage of a future claim.
Data governance