desire. We also need to identify and secure available locations with appropriate characteristics for new stores and branches to ensure we can continue to serve our customers effectively.
Table
of
Contents
We must effectively manage the volume, timing, nature, location, and cost of our investments, projects and changes. Failure to continue to make investments to effectively support our strategy and to implement or integrate those investments in the right manner and at the right pace could adversely impact our business operations or financial results. The cost and potential problems, defects of design, and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers, employing new online tools and services, implementing new technologies using artificial intelligence, implementing and restructuring support systems and processes, securing appropriate store and other facility locations, and addressing impacts on inventory levels, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term, lead to product availability issues, create complexity in our systems and operations and impact our profitability. Our investments to enhance our interconnected shopping experience, including investments in our store base, supply chain, and capabilities, might not provide the anticipated benefits, or might take longer than expected to complete, integrate or realize anticipated benefits, each of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
If we are unable to effectively manage and expand our alliances and relationships with certain suppliers of both brand name and proprietary products, we may be unable to effectively execute our strategy to differentiate ourselves from our competitors.
As part of our focus on product differentiation, we have formed strategic alliances and exclusive relationships with certain suppliers to market products under a variety of well-recognized brand names. We have also developed relationships with certain suppliers to allow us to market proprietary products that are comparable to national brands. Our proprietary products differentiate us from other retailers and generally carry higher margins than national brand products. If we are unable to manage and expand these alliances and relationships, maintain favorable terms with current suppliers, or identify alternative sources for comparable brand name and proprietary products, we may not be able to effectively execute product differentiation, which may impact our sales and gross margin. Our suppliers’ business practices and positions may also be attributed to us, regardless of the Company’s actions, meaning that controversies regarding our suppliers of brand name or proprietary products pose risks to our reputation and brand, and could require us to quickly identify alternative sources for comparable products.
Our strategic