customer loyalty.
In addition, we and our customers have expectations around responsible sourcing, which has been an increasing focus of government regulators. Under the terms of our standard supplier buying agreements, our suppliers must comply with our responsible sourcing standards, which cover a variety of expectations across multiple areas, including supply chain transparency, health and safety, environmental laws and regulations, compensation, hours of work, and prohibitions on child and forced labor. Further, suppliers must comply with Company policies and applicable law, including the laws of the jurisdictions from which products and materials are sourced, regarding the sourcing of raw materials, including timber and minerals, used in our products. We have a responsible sourcing audit process, but we are also dependent on our suppliers to ensure that the products and services we provide to our customers comply with our standards and applicable law, including with respect to information provided by suppliers to government agencies about the source of the products or the constituent elements of those products. Further, the supply chain for some of the products we sell may be too attenuated for us to know with certainty the source of their components, such as timber, minerals, or other raw materials. Actual, potential or perceived supplier non-compliance with our standards or applicable law — including allegations of non-compliance raised by non-governmental organizations or in third-party reports — could, and in certain instances in the past has, exposed us to litigation or governmental enforcement actions and resulted in costly product recalls; resulted in inability to sell certain products due to failure to meet our standards or due to customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions; impacted our reputation; and resulted in termination of supplier relationships and/or other liabilities.
Our proprietary products subject us to certain increased risks, including regulatory, product liability, intellectual property, supplier relations, and reputational risks.
In addition to other product-related risks discussed in this section, as we expand our proprietary product offerings, we may become subject to increased risks due to our greater role in the design, manufacture, marketing and sale of those products. The risks include greater responsibility to administer and comply with applicable regulatory requirements, increased potential product liability and product recall exposure, and increased potential reputational risks related to the responsible sourcing of those products. To effectively execute on our product differentiation strategy, we must also be able to successfully protect our proprietary rights and successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties. In addition, an increase in sales of our proprietary products may adversely affect sales of our