October 27, 2024 and $
514
million at January 28, 2024 and are recorded within accounts payable on our consolidated balance sheets.
Table of
Contents
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
We did not adopt any new accounting pronouncements during the nine months ended October 27, 2024 that had a material impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
ASU No. 2024-03.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, “Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses,” which is intended to improve disclosures about a public business entity’s expenses by requiring disaggregated disclosure, in the notes to the financial statements, of prescribed categories of expenses within relevant income statement captions. ASU No. 2024-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The new standard may be applied either on a prospective or retrospective basis. We are currently evaluating the impact of the standard on our consolidated financial statement disclosures.
Recent accounting pronouncements pending adoption not discussed above or in the 2023 Form 10-K are either not applicable or are not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
2.
SEGMENT REPORTING AND NET SALES
The Company defines its segments on the basis of the way in which internally reported financial information is regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), our President and Chief Executive Officer, to analyze financial performance, make decisions, and allocate resources.
The Company is engaged in the operation of retail stores and sells a wide assortment of building materials, home improvement products, lawn and garden products, décor products, and facilities maintenance, repair and operations products both in stores and online. We also provide a number of services, including home improvement installation services and tool and equipment rental. We currently conduct these operations in the U.S. (including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the territories of the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam), Canada, and Mexico, each of which represents an operating segment. For disclosure purposes, we aggregate these
three
operating segments into
one
reportable segment (the “Primary segment”) due to the similar nature of their operations and economic characteristics.
As discussed in
Note 10
, in June 2024, we acquired SRS, a leading residential specialty trade distribution company across several verticals serving the professional roofer, landscaper and pool contractor through its branches located throughout the U.S. SRS is organized as three different lines of business: roofing and complementary building products,