to co-workers and Company leaders. Additionally, we have a number of programs to recognize stores and individual associates for exceptional customer service and demonstrating our core values.
Respect For All People.
We strive to maintain a culture that welcomes everyone, and we believe it helps us achieve our business goals by driving excellent customer service and innovation, empowering our associates to thrive and excel, and enriching the communities in which we operate. This includes creating an environment where our associates feel valued and respected and providing equal opportunity for all of our associates.
Compensation and Benefits.
Consistent with our core values, we take care of our people by offering competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits programs. We continuously make wage investments to ensure our compensation packages reflect the evolving circumstances across our markets. Our profit-sharing programs for hourly associates also provide awards for performance against our business plan. Our associates can take advantage of a range of benefits, including healthcare and wellness programs, vacation and leave of absence benefits, including parental leave and paid sick/personal time off, a 401(k) match, our ESPPs, personal finance education and advisory services, assistance programs to help with managing personal and work-life challenges, family support programs, and educational assistance.
Table
of
Contents
Operate Sustainably
We have a long-standing commitment to
reduce the impact that our operations and products have on the environment, which we believe helps make our business stronger, more agile, and more resilient. This approach extends from the products and services we offer to our customers; to our store construction, maintenance and operations; to our supply chain and packaging initiatives; to our responsible sourcing program. As we strive to operate sustainably, we focus on sourcing products responsibly, protecting our business operations from climate-related risks, and reducing our environmental impact.
Strengthen Our Communities
One of our core values is “Giving Back,” and we support our communities in a number of ways. The Home Depot Foundation, a nonprofit supported by Home Depot, focuses on improving the homes and lives of U.S. veterans, assisting communities affected by natural disasters, and training skilled tradespeople to fill the labor gap. The Company and The Home Depot Foundation are partnering with industry leaders on training programs to train the next generation of skilled tradespeople and help them find careers in the home improvement industry through our Path to Pro programs, which include a career networking site to connect skilled tradespeople to industry Pros. Our Team Depot associate volunteers also extend the mission of The Home Depot Foundation in communities across the country, donating thousands of volunteer hours each year to serve the needs of our communities. We also partner with a variety