ability to compete based on price.
We may not timely identify or effectively respond to customer needs, expectations or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics; shifts in customer preferences, expectations and needs; changes in the macroeconomic or political environment; and unexpected weather conditions, natural disasters, or public health issues (including pandemics and related impacts) that impact our customers, while also managing appropriate inventory levels in our stores, branches and distribution or fulfillment centers and maintaining an excellent customer experience. It is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand. As our customers expect a more personalized experience, our ability to collect, use, retain, and protect relevant customer data is important for effectively meeting their expectations. Our ability to collect and use that data, however, is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy, data-driven technologies such as artificial intelligence, and data security, as well as customer expectations around data collection, retention, and use. In addition, each of our primary customer groups has different needs and expectations, many of which evolve as the demographics in a particular customer group change. Customer preferences and expectations related to sustainability of products and operations are also changing. If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to attract our customers and meet their individual needs and expectations, it may adversely impact our sales or our market share.
Customer expectations about the methods by which they purchase and receive products or services are also becoming more demanding. Customers routinely and increasingly use technology and a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms to rapidly compare products and prices, read product reviews, determine real-time product availability, and purchase products, and new channels and tools to enhance the customer experience appear and change rapidly. Our Pros also look for additional capabilities, including dedicated sales support, competitive credit and pricing options, project planning tools, and product depth and job lot quantities, particularly for their complex purchase needs. Once products are purchased, customers seek alternate options for delivery of those products, including advance ordering through digital platforms for Pros, and they often expect quick, timely, and low-price or free delivery and/or convenient pickup or delivery options. We must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the shopping and purchasing process by continuing to adjust and enhance the online and in-store