future minimum payments under operating and finance leases at February 2, 2025:
—————
Note: We have excluded approximately $
560
million of lease payments (undiscounted basis) for leases that have been signed but have not yet commenced.
The following table presents supplemental cash flow information related to leases:
Table
of
Contents
4.
GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Goodwill
The following table presents the changes in the carrying amount of our goodwill:
—————
(1)    Activity includes the preliminary determination of goodwill related to acquisitions completed during the fiscal year. Amounts presented in the Other column represent goodwill related to the SRS acquisition completed in the second quarter of fiscal 2024, as well as other immaterial acquisitions completed by SRS during the second half of fiscal 2024. See
Note 13
for further details.
(2)     Primarily reflects the net impact of foreign currency translation as well as immaterial measurement period adjustments related to acquisitions completed in the prior fiscal year.
During the third quarter of fiscal 2024, we completed our annual assessment of the recoverability of goodwill for our U.S., Canada, and Mexico reporting units that reside within our Primary segment. As the results of our most recent quantitative analysis in fiscal 2023 indicated that the fair value of each reporting unit substantially exceeded its respective carrying value, we performed a qualitative assessment to determine if there were any indicators of impairment. Based on this assessment, we concluded that while there have been events and circumstances that have both positively and negatively impacted our reporting units, no single factor or combination of factors is an indicator that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of these reporting units was less than its carrying amount.
Additionally, following the completion of the SRS acquisition, we now have
three
new reporting units which align with our SRS operating segments: roofing and complementary building products, landscape, and pool. As a result of the recency of the acquisition to our annual assessment date, these reporting units were also analyzed for impairment during the third quarter of fiscal 2024 using a qualitative approach. Based on this analysis, we concluded that there were no events or circumstances that would indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of these reporting units was less than its carrying amount.
There were also no impairment charges related to goodwill in fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022.
Intangible Assets
The following table presents information regarding our intangible assets:
—————
(1)    Includes the allocation of fair value to intangible assets related to the SRS acquisition, as well as other immaterial acquisitions completed during fiscal 2024. See
Note 13
for further details.
Our intangible asset amortization expense was $
425
million, $
186
million and $
179
million for fiscal 2024, fiscal