million and $
714
million as of February 2, 2025 and January 28, 2024, respectively, which was recorded in other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. We did not hold any cash collateral as of February 2, 2025 or January 28, 2024.
Table
of
Contents
6.
INCOME TAXES
Provision for Income Taxes
The following table presents our earnings before the provision for income taxes:
The following table presents our provision for income taxes:
The following table presents our combined federal, state, and foreign effective tax rates:
The following table presents the reconciliation of our provision for income taxes at the federal statutory rate of
21
% to the actual tax expense:
Table
of
Contents
Deferred Taxes
The following table presents the tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities:
—————
(1)    Increase year over year primarily results from the difference in book and tax basis related to identifiable intangible assets from the SRS acquisition (See
Note 13
).
The following table presents our noncurrent deferred tax assets and noncurrent deferred tax liabilities, netted by tax jurisdiction, as presented on the consolidated balance sheets:
As of February 2, 2025, we recorded immaterial amounts for deferred tax assets for net operating losses as well as tax credits, primarily related to state jurisdictions. These losses and credits expire at various dates beginning in 2025 and 2026, respectively. We have concluded that it is more likely than not that tax benefits related to substantially all net operating losses and tax credits will be realized based upon the expectation that we will generate the necessary taxable income in future periods. The overall change in our valuation allowance was not material in fiscal 2024.
Table
of
Contents
Reinvestment of Unremitted Earnings
Substantially all of our current year foreign cash earnings in excess of working capital and cash needed for strategic investments are not intended to be indefinitely reinvested offshore. Therefore, the tax effects of repatriation for applicable state taxes and foreign withholding taxes of such cash earnings have been provided for in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. We have the intent and ability to reinvest substantially all of the $
5.1
billion of non-cash unremitted earnings of our non-U.S. subsidiaries indefinitely. Accordingly, no provision for state taxes or foreign withholding taxes was recorded on these unremitted earnings in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. It is impracticable for us to determine the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities on these indefinitely reinvested earnings due to the complexities associated with the hypothetical calculation.
Tax Return Examination Status
Our income tax returns are routinely examined by U.S. federal, state and local, and foreign tax authorities. The Company remains subject to income tax