counts is calculated on a store-specific basis and is primarily based on recent shrink results. Historically, the difference between estimated shrink and actual inventory losses has not been material to our annual financial results.
Property and Equipment
Buildings and related improvements, furniture, fixtures, and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. Leasehold improvements and assets held under finance leases are amortized using the straight-line method over the original term of the lease or the useful life of the asset, whichever is shorter.
The following table presents the estimated useful lives of our property and equipment:
We capitalize certain costs, including interest, related to construction in progress and the acquisition and development of software. Costs associated with the acquisition and development of software are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, which ranges from
three
to
seven years
. Certain development costs not meeting the criteria for capitalization are expensed as incurred.
We evaluate our long-lived assets each quarter for indicators of potential impairment. Indicators of impairment include current period losses combined with a history of losses, our decision to relocate or close a store or other location before the end of its previously estimated useful life, or when changes in other circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. The evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level. Long-lived assets with indicators of impairment are evaluated for recoverability by comparing their undiscounted future cash flows with their carrying value. If the carrying value is greater than the undiscounted future cash flows, we then measure the asset group’s fair value to determine whether an impairment loss should be recognized. If the resulting fair value is less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value. Impairment losses on property and equipment are generally recorded as a component of SG&A.
Impairment charges for long-lived assets were not material to our consolidated financial statements in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, or fiscal 2022.
Table
of
Contents
Leases
We enter into contractual arrangements for the utilization of certain non-owned assets which are evaluated as finance or operating leases upon commencement, and are accounted for accordingly. Specifically, a contract is or contains a lease when (1) the contract contains an explicitly or implicitly identified asset and (2) we obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of that underlying asset and direct how and for what purpose the asset is used during the term of the contract in exchange for consideration. We