the end of a period and net excise taxes incurred on share repurchases.
8.
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
The fair value of an asset is considered to be the price at which the asset could be sold in an orderly transaction between unrelated knowledgeable and willing parties. A liability’s fair value is defined as the amount that would be paid to transfer the liability to a new obligor, rather than the amount that would be paid to settle the liability with the creditor. Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are measured using a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The levels of the fair value hierarchy are:
•
Level 1: observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
•
Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices in active markets in Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable; and
•
Level 3: unobservable inputs for which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring management judgment to develop the Company’s own models with estimates and assumptions.
Table
of
Contents
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
The following table presents the assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis:
The fair values of our derivative instruments are determined using an income approach and Level 2 inputs, which primarily include the respective interest rate forward curves and discount rates. Our derivative instruments are discussed further in
Note 5
.
Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
Long-lived assets, goodwill, and other intangible assets are subject to nonrecurring fair value measurement for the assessment of impairment. We did not have any material assets or liabilities that were measured and recognized at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, or fiscal 2022. See
Note 13
for discussion on the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed from business combinations.
Other Fair Value Disclosures
The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, accounts payable, and short-term debt approximate fair value due to their short-term nature.
The following table presents the aggregate fair values and carrying values of our senior notes:
9.
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
Omnibus Stock Incentive Plans
The Home Depot, Inc. Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated May 19, 2022 (the “Omnibus Plan”) and The Home Depot, Inc. 1997 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (the “1997 Plan” and collectively with the Omnibus Plan, the “Plans”) provide that incentive and nonqualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, deferred shares, stock appreciation rights, and other stock-based awards may be issued to certain of our associates and non-employee directors. Under th
e Omnibus Plan,
the maximum number of shares of our common stock authorized for issuance is
80