approximately 470,100 associates, of whom approximately 50,600 were salaried, with the remainder compensated on an hourly basis. Set forth below is the geographic makeup of our workforce:
————
(1)    Includes associates in our sourcing organization located in China, Vietnam, India, Taiwan, Italy, Poland and Türkiye.
Table
of
Contents
Below is the demographic data for our U.S. associates as of the end of fiscal 2024:
————
(1)    Does not include officers.
Note: Certain percentages in these tables may not sum to totals due to rounding.
Talent Attraction and Development.
As we attract and hire new associates, we strive to create a customer-like experience for jobseekers by focusing on speed and personalization as they progress through the steps of our recruiting process. Our careers website personalizes the user’s experience based on jobseeker location and searching behavior. Jobseekers can also apply for roles from anywhere using desktop or mobile devices. Once a jobseeker has applied for a role and has been selected to move forward in the recruiting process, we provide self-service for many of our positions by allowing jobseekers to schedule or reschedule pre-hire activities directly from their mobile device.
We offer our associates the opportunity to benefit from robust development opportunities. Our Home Depot University, or “HDU,” program, is a key part of this development, offering relevant content through multiple platforms, including instructor-led classes, e-learning, mobile learning, and additional online resources. We also invest in ongoing growth and development by providing coaching through continuous leader support and empowering our associates to learn new skills at their own pace through mobile applications our associates can access at any time. We equip our leaders with the tools they need to develop themselves and their teams through several programs designed to help them lead effectively, empower their teams, and serve as mentors for our associates. We continually assess and refine our leadership structure throughout the organization to allow our associates to focus on training and development and better serve our customers.
Associate Engagement.
Associate engagement is the emotional commitment associates have to The Home Depot. It is vital to our culture and to our success. We create an engaging workplace by continuously listening to and acting on associate feedback. We provide several pulse check surveys to associates throughout the year that help us determine how emotionally connected those associates are to our customers, the Company, their jobs, fellow associates, and leaders. In addition, our annual Voice of the Associate survey serves as our primary means of gauging associates’ level of engagement within their roles. We use the feedback from these surveys to help improve the overall associate experience. We also maintain digital associate engagement platforms that link associates with common interests and fuels connections