highest volume of sales occurs in our second fiscal quarter, as we move into the spring season in the regions in which we operate.
INTERCONNECTED SHOPPING EXPERIENCE
We continue to enhance our capabilities to provide our customers with a frictionless interconnected shopping experience across our stores, branches, online, on the job site, and in their homes, focusing on continued investments in our websites and mobile apps to enhance the customer experience.
Digital Experience
Enhancements to our digital platforms are critical for our increasingly interconnected customers, who often research products and check available inventory online before going into one of our stores to view products in person or talk to an associate and then making their purchase either in store or online. While in the store, customers may also go online to access ratings and reviews, compare prices, view our extended assortment, and purchase additional products. Our investments in a truly interconnected experience are focused on bringing together the power of our physical presence and the frictionless interaction of our digital capabilities.
A significant majority of the traffic in Home Depot’s digital channels is on mobile devices. Mobile users expect more simplicity and relevancy in their digital interactions. In addition to supporting our DIY and DIFM customers on their shopping journeys, mobile devices can also help serve the needs of Pros working on complex projects. As a result, we have made investments in our digital platforms to improve the overall presentation and ease of navigation for the user. We have also enhanced the “shopability” of an online product by including more information on the product’s landing page, including related products and/or parts of a collection, as well as various fulfillment options. We believe our focus on improving search capabilities, site functionality, category presentation, product content such as customer product review summaries, speed to checkout, and fulfillment options has yielded higher traffic, better conversion and continued sales growth. As our customers expect a more personalized experience, our ability to collect, use, retain, and protect relevant customer data is important for our ability to effectively meet their expectations.
Table
of
Contents
Further, we do not view the interconnected shopping experience as a specific transaction; rather, we believe it encompasses an entire journey from inspiration and know-how, to purchase and fulfillment, to post-purchase care and support. Customers expect more personalized messaging, so we are continuing to focus on connecting marketing activities with the online and in-store experiences to create seamless engagement across channels. From the inspirational point of the purchase journey to providing product know-how, we continue to invest in the infrastructure and capabilities needed to deliver the most relevant marketing messages to our customers based on what is important to them