years beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The new standard may be applied either on a prospective or retrospective basis. We are currently evaluating the impact of the standard on our consolidated financial statement disclosures.
Recent accounting pronouncements adopted or pending adoption not discussed above are either not applicable or are not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
2.
SEGMENT REPORTING AND NET SALES
Segment Reporting
The Company defines its segments based on how internally reported financial information is regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), our President and Chief Executive Officer, to analyze financial performance, make decisions, and allocate resources.
Primary Segment.
We are engaged in the operation of retail stores and sell a wide assortment of building materials, home improvement products, lawn and garden products, décor products, and facilities MRO products both in stores and online. We also provide a number of services, including home improvement installation services, and tool and equipment rental. We currently conduct these operations in the U.S. (including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the territories of the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam), Canada, and Mexico, each of which represents an operating segment. For disclosure purposes, we aggregate these
three
geographic operating segments into
one
reportable segment (the “Primary segment”) due to the similar nature of their operations and economic characteristics.
Other.
As discussed in
Note 13
, in June 2024, we acquired SRS, a leading residential specialty trade distribution company across several verticals serving the professional roofer, landscaper and pool contractor through its branches located throughout the U.S. SRS is organized as three different lines of business: roofing and complementary building products, landscape, and pool. We have determined that each of these three lines of business represents an operating segment, none of which meets the thresholds prescribed under Topic 280 to be deemed a reportable segment. Therefore, results from our SRS operating segments are presented in “Other” beginning from the acquisition date of June 18, 2024.
Segment Information.
For our Primary segment, our CODM uses operating income to allocate resources in the planning and forecasting process and to assess segment performance by monitoring actual results versus prior-period, forecasted results, and the annual plan. Assets are reviewed by our CODM on a total company consolidated basis and not by segment. The accounting policies of our Primary segment are the same as those described in our summary of significant accounting policies.
The following table presents net sales, significant expenses, and operating income for our Primary segment:
Table
of
Contents
The following table presents a reconciliation of certain Primary segment