shareholders in the form of share repurchases prior to pausing share repurchases in March 2024 in anticipation of the SRS acquisition. Our capital allocation is discussed further in
Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
OUR CUSTOMERS
We serve two primary customer groups — consumers (including both DIY and DIFM customers) and Pros — and have developed varying approaches to meet their diverse needs:
DIY Customers
These customers are typically homeowners who purchase products and complete their own projects and installations. Our associates assist these customers both in our stores and through online resources and other media designed to provide product and project knowledge. We also offer a variety of clinics and workshops to share this knowledge and to build an emotional connection with our DIY customers. As the preferences and behaviors of our DIY customers are changing, we are investing in capabilities to better meet the evolving expectations of these customers.
Professional Customers (or “Pros”)
These customers are primarily professional renovators/remodelers, general contractors, small to medium homebuilders, maintenance professionals, handymen, property managers, building service contractors and specialty tradespeople, such as electricians, landscapers, plumbers, painters, pool contractors, and roofers. These customers build, renovate, remodel, repair, and maintain residential properties, multifamily properties, hospitality properties, and commercial facilities, including education, healthcare, government, institutional, and office buildings.
We have a number of initiatives designed to drive growth with Pros, including those working on both simple and complex projects. In fiscal 2024, we acquired SRS, which sells products to specialty trade roofers, landscapers, and pool contractors. We remain focused on providing a customized online experience, a dedicated sales force, a broad assortment of Pro-focused products and brands, an extensive delivery network, our Pro Xtra loyalty program, and enhanced credit offerings. Building on our historical strength as a destination for urgent purchase needs, we are investing in differentiated capabilities that will help us better serve our Pros’ complex purchase needs, including differentiated fulfillment options, additional trade credit offerings including our Pro House Account program, more showroom space, and an enhanced order management system. We also provide MRO products and related value-added services to multifamily, hospitality, healthcare, and government housing facilities, among others, primarily through our subsidiary HD Supply.
DIFM Customers
Intersecting our DIY customers and our Pros are our DIFM customers. These customers are typically homeowners who use Pros to complete their projects or installations. Currently, we offer installation services in a variety of categories, such as flooring, water heaters, bath, garage doors,