Company’s growth with the residential professional customer. The acquisition is expected to complement our existing capabilities and enable us to better serve complex project purchase occasions with the renovator/remodeler, while also establishing the Company as a leading specialty trade distributor across multiple verticals. We primarily used a combination of proceeds from commercial paper borrowings, the issuance of long-term debt, as well as cash on hand to fund the acquisition. See
Note 5
for further information on the financing for the transaction, and below for a summary of preliminary purchase consideration.
The acquisition was accounted for in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805 “Business Combinations,” and SRS’s results of operations have been consolidated in the Company’s financial statements effective June 18, 2024. Acquisition-related costs were expensed as incurred and were not material.
Fair Value of Consideration Transferred.
The following table summarizes total preliminary purchase consideration:
—————
(1)    In connection with the acquisition, certain members of SRS’s management team concurrently reinvested a portion of their respective after-tax merger consideration proceeds into shares of the Company’s common stock. A portion of such shares of Company common stock are fully vested, and accordingly, the fair value of such shares was recorded as non-cash purchase consideration. A portion of such shares of Company common stock, which replaced legacy SRS stock-based awards, are subject to service-based vesting conditions over a
three-year
period and become forfeitable if such vesting conditions are not satisfied. Accordingly, a portion of the fair value of these shares was recorded as non-cash purchase consideration, and the remainder will be recorded as post-combination expense over the vesting period. The fair value of these shares, including the amount which will be recorded as post-combination compensation expense, is not material.
Table of
Contents
Allocation of Consideration Transferred.
We recorded a preliminary allocation of the purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair
values
as of June 18, 2024.
The following table summarizes the recorded fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed:
—————
(1)    Primarily resulting from the difference in book and tax basis related to identifiable intangible assets.
The preliminary fair values of identifiable intangible assets were determined by using certain estimates and assumptions that are not observable in the market. The Company used the multi-period excess earnings method to value the customer relationships intangible assets. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair values of customer relationships included forecasted revenues, expected customer attrition rates, and discount rates. Determining the useful life of an intangible asset also requires judgment, as different types of