February 2, 2025 and January 28, 2024, deferred revenue for products and services was $
1.5
billion and $
1.7
billion, respectively.
We further record deferred revenue for the sale of gift cards and recognize the associated revenue upon the redemption of those gift cards, which generally occurs within
six months
of gift card issuance. As of both February 2, 2025 and January 28, 2024, our performance obligations for unredeemed gift cards were $
1.1
billion. Gift card breakage income, which is our estimate of the portion of our outstanding gift card balance not expected to be redeemed, is recognized in net sales and was immaterial in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022.
Certain customers are provided with the ability to purchase products on credit with pre-approved limits where payment is due after delivery to the customer. We also have agreements with third-party service providers who directly extend credit to customers, manage our PLCC program, and own the related receivables. We have evaluated the third-party entities holding the receivables under the program and concluded that they should not be consolidated. The agreement with the primary third-party service provider for our PLCC program expires in 2028, with us having the option, but no obligation, to purchase the existing receivables at the end of the agreement. Deferred interest charges incurred for our deferred financing programs offered to these customers, interchange fees charged to us for their use of the cards, and any profit sharing with the third-party service providers are included in net sales.
Table
of
Contents
Cost of Sales
Cost of sales includes the actual cost of merchandise sold and services performed; the cost of transportation of merchandise from vendors to our distribution network, stores, or customers; shipping and handling costs from our stores or distribution network to customers; and the operating cost and depreciation of our sourcing and distribution network. Vendor allowances that are not reimbursements of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs are also included within cost of sales.
Vendor Allowances
Vendor allowances primarily consist of volume rebates that are earned as a result of attaining certain purchase levels and co-op advertising allowances for the promotion of vendors’ products that are typically based on guaranteed minimum amounts with additional amounts being earned for attaining certain purchase levels. These vendor allowances are accrued as earned, with those allowances received as a result of attaining certain purchase levels accrued over the incentive period, which generally concludes at the end of the calendar year, based on estimates of purchases. Volume rebates and certain co-op advertising allowances reduce the carrying cost of inventory and are recognized in cost of sales when the related inventory is sold.
Selling, General and Administrative
Selling, general and administrative expenses include compensation and benefits for retail