and on the purchase of goods by these foreign operations that are not denominated in their local currencies. Additionally, we may experience inflation and deflation related to our purchase and sale of certain commodity products. During the first nine months of fiscal 2024, there have been no material changes to our exposure to market risks from those disclosed in the 2023 Form 10-K, including the types of instruments we use to manage our exposure to such risks.
Item 4. Controls and Procedures.
Under the direction and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of October 27, 2024.
We are in the process of an ongoing business transformation initiative, which includes upgrading and migrating certain accounting and finance systems. We plan to continue to migrate additional business processes over the course of the next few years and have modified and will continue to modify the design and implementation of certain internal control processes as the transformation continues.
Except as described above, there were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended October 27, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1. Legal Proceedings.
Except as set forth in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 28, 2024 as filed with the SEC on August 20, 2024, there were no material changes during the first nine months of fiscal 2024 to our disclosure in Part I, Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” of our 2023 Form 10-K.
Table of
Contents
SEC regulations require us to disclose certain information about proceedings arising under federal, state or local environmental regulations if we reasonably believe that such proceedings may result in monetary sanctions above a stated threshold. Pursuant to SEC regulations, the Company uses a threshold of $1 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required.
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in the 2023 Form 10-K. These risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Our operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or by factors that we currently do not consider material to our business. There have been no material changes in the risk factors discussed in the 2023 Form 10-K.
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
The following