increased management time and attention spent on managing the Company’s response to those matters and its compliance with consumer-protection laws and regulations.
If we cannot successfully manage the challenges presented by operating in international markets, we may not be successful in our international operations and our sales and profitability may be negatively impacted.
Our ability to successfully conduct retail operations in, and source products and materials from, international markets is affected by many of the same risks we face in our U.S. operations, as well as other costs and difficulties specific to managing international operations. Our international operations, including any expansion in international markets, may be, and on occasion have been, adversely affected by local laws and customs, U.S. laws or administrative actions applicable to foreign operations and other foreign legal and regulatory constraints, as well as political, social and economic conditions. Risks inherent in international operations also include, among others, potential adverse tax consequences; international trade disputes, trade policy changes or tariffs and other import-related taxes, fees and controls; inability to sell certain products due to customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions; greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights; limitations on access to ports; risks associated with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local anti-bribery law compliance; geopolitical or military conflicts or acts of war, as well as any related sanctions or other government or private responses; compliance with forced labor laws; compliance with environmental and responsible sourcing laws and regulations; and challenges in our ability to identify and gain access to local suppliers. For example, trade tensions between the U.S. and China have led to a series of significant tariffs on the importation of certain product categories and tariffs have been recently proposed, and in some cases enacted, on imports from Mexico, Canada, China, and other countries. For the retail products we source, directly or indirectly, outside of the U.S., including Mexico, Canada and China, major changes in tax or trade policies, tariffs or trade relations could significantly adversely impact the cost of, demand for, and profitability of retail product sales in our U.S. or other locations. Countries outside the U.S. may also change, and on occasion have changed, their business and trade policies in anticipation of or in response to increased import tariffs and other changes in U.S. trade policy and regulations, and consumers may seek to avoid goods not sourced domestically, all of which could significantly adversely impact the cost of, demand for, and profitability of retail products in our U.S., Mexico and Canada locations. In addition, our operations in international markets create risk due to foreign currency exchange rates and