million, of which $125 million was related to SRS, as well as increased depreciation expense from ongoing investments in the business.
Interest and Other, net
Interest and other, net for the first nine months of fiscal 2024 increased $205 million, or 15.7%, to $1.5 billion from $1.3 billion for the first nine months of fiscal 2023. As a percentage of net sales, interest and other, net was 1.3% for the first nine months of fiscal 2024 compared to 1.1% for the first nine months of fiscal 2023, primarily due to higher interest expense driven by higher long-term debt and commercial paper borrowings, partially offset by higher interest income resulting from elevated cash balances in the first half of fiscal 2024 leading up to the acquisition of SRS.
Table of
Contents
Provision for Income Taxes
Our combined effective income tax rate was 23.9% for the first nine months of fiscal 2024 compared to 24.0% for the first nine months of fiscal 2023.
Diluted Earnings per Share
Diluted earnings per share were $11.90 for the first nine months of fiscal 2024, compared to $12.28 for the first nine months of fiscal 2023. The decrease in diluted earnings per share was primarily driven by lower net earnings during the first nine months of fiscal 2024, partially offset by lower diluted shares.
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
To provide clarity on our operating performance, we supplement our reporting with certain non-GAAP financial measures. However, this supplemental information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures. Non-GAAP financial measures presented herein may differ from similar measures used by other companies.
Return on Invested Capital
We believe ROIC is meaningful for management, investors and ratings agencies because it measures how effectively we deploy our capital base. ROIC is a non-GAAP profitability measure, not a measure of financial performance under GAAP. We define ROIC as NOPAT, a non-GAAP financial measure, for the most recent twelve-month period, divided by average debt and equity. We define average debt and equity as the average of beginning and ending long-term debt (including current installments) and equity for the most recent twelve-month period.
The following table presents the calculation of ROIC, together with a reconciliation of NOPAT to net earnings (the most comparable GAAP measure):
—————
(1)
Income tax adjustment is defined as operating income multiplied by our effective tax rate for the trailing twelve months.
(2)
The twelve months ended October 27, 2024 only include operating results for SRS since the acquisition date of June 18, 2024, consistent with our consolidated financial statements.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
At October 27, 2024, we had $1.5 billion in cash and cash equivalents, of which $1.1 billion was held by our foreign subsidiaries. We believe that our current cash position, cash flow generated from operations, funds available from our commercial paper program, and