information to our consolidated totals:
—————
(1)
Includes depreciation and finance lease amortization in cost of sales. Also includes intangible asset amortization expense of $
207
million in our Primary segment and $
218
million in Other.
Net sales presented in Other relate to the sale of products by SRS, with roofing and related products accounting for approximately
68
% of sales in Other during fiscal 2024.
Prior to the SRS acquisition, our total Company consolidated results represented our Primary segment. Therefore, a reconciliation to our consolidated totals is not applicable for fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022.
The following table presents net property and equipment, classified by geography:
Net Sales
The following table presents our Primary segment major product lines and the related merchandising departments (and related services):
During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we made certain changes to our merchandising department structure that realigned certain merchandising departments across our three major product lines within our Primary segment. As a result, prior-year amounts in each of the tables below have been reclassified to conform with the current-year presentation. These changes had no impact on consolidated net sales.
The following table presents net sales by major product line (and related services) within our Primary segment, as well as Other net sales:
Table
of
Contents
The following table presents net sales by merchandising department (and related services) within our Primary segment, as well as Other net sales:
—————
Note: Certain percentages may not sum to totals due to rounding.
See additional discussion above for information on the components of Other net sales.
The following table presents net sales, classified by geography:
The following table presents net sales by products and services:
No sales to an individual customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue during any of the last three fiscal years.
Table
of
Contents
3.
PROPERTY AND LEASES
Net Property and Equipment
The following table presents components of net property and equipment:
The following table presents depreciation and finance lease amortization expense, including depreciation and finance lease amortization expense included in cost of sales:
Leases
The following table presents the consolidated balance sheet classification related to operating and finance leases:
—————
(1)    Finance lease assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of $
1.4
billion as of February 2, 2025 and $
1.2
billion as of January 28, 2024.
Table
of
Contents
The following table presents components of lease cost, excluding short-term lease cost and sublease income which are immaterial:
—————
(1)
Costs associated with our sourcing and distribution network are recorded in cost of sales, with the exception of interest on finance lease liabilities.
The following table presents weighted average remaining lease terms and discount rates:
The following table presents approximate