war, as well as any related sanctions or other government or private responses; acts of terrorism; public health issues, including pandemics or quarantines and other related impacts; civil unrest; or other factors beyond our control. In recent years, ports in the U.S. and elsewhere have been
Table
of
Contents
impacted by capacity constraints, port congestion and delays, periodic labor disputes, strikes, security issues, weather-related events, and natural or man-made disasters.
As we saw during the heights of the COVID-19 pandemic, these types of disruptions place strain on the domestic and international supply chain, which affected and may in the future negatively affect the flow or availability of certain products. Even when we are able to find alternate sources for certain products, they may cost more or require us to incur higher transportation costs, which could adversely impact our profitability and financial condition. Increased demand for online purchases of products, which we experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic, can impact our fulfillment operations, as well as those of our third-party carriers, resulting in delays in delivering products to customers and increases in our out-of-stock levels.
We and our suppliers have experienced, and may continue to experience, labor shortages at some of our distribution and fulfillment centers both due to the competitive labor market and unexpected events such as pandemics and quarantines. Such labor shortages, whether temporary or sustained, may adversely impact the flow or availability of products to our stores and customers.
Any of these circumstances could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales, increased supply chain costs, or damage to our reputation, any of which could negatively impact our business performance or financial condition.
Failure to maintain a safe and secure shopping and working environment may adversely impact sales, costs, the customer and associate experience, and our brand and reputation.
Our customers and associates expect a safe environment in which to shop and work, and maintaining that environment helps protect against loss or theft of our inventory (also called “shrink”). Like other retailers, we have seen heightened shrink in recent years, particularly as a result of organized retail crime. While we have a number of initiatives underway to address shrink, minimize theft, and maintain safety in and around our stores and other facilities, these efforts require operational changes that may increase costs and reduce margins, and they may negatively impact the customer or associate experience. Furthermore, an unsafe environment or negative incidents in or around our stores and other facilities may erode trust and confidence with customers, associates, or jobseekers, which can adversely impact sales, associate morale and retention, and our brand and reputation.
If our efforts to maintain the privacy and security of customer,