Home Depot, Inc. is a Delaware corporation that was incorporated in 1978. Our Store Support Center (corporate headquarters) is located at 2455 Paces Ferry Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30339. Our telephone number at that address is (770) 433-8211.
OUR BUSINESS
OUR STRATEGY
The retail landscape has changed rapidly over the past several years, with a complex macroeconomic environment and customer expectations continually evolving. In fiscal 2024, our strategy allowed us to continue to execute at a high level despite continued pressure on home improvement demand from high interest rates and macroeconomic uncertainty. We continued our strategic investments aimed at creating an interconnected, frictionless shopping experience that enables our customers to seamlessly blend the digital and physical worlds, growing our market share with Pros through our ecosystem of capabilities, and building new stores. Going forward, we will continue to leverage the momentum of these investments and invest in our business in support of the following goals:
•
We intend to provide the best customer experience in home improvement and develop differentiated capabilities for our customers;
•
We intend to extend our position as the low-cost provider in home improvement; and
•
We intend to be the most efficient investor of capital in home improvement.
We believe that these goals will help us grow faster than the market and deliver value to our shareholders. We are steadfast in our commitments to focus on our people, operate sustainably, and strengthen our communities, and we believe being informed by other stakeholder perspectives will drive shareholder value creation.
DELIVER SHAREHOLDER VALUE
We seek to deliver on our objective to create shareholder value through our disciplined approach to capital allocation. Our capital allocation principles are as follows:
•
First, we intend to reinvest in our business to drive growth faster than the market.
•
Second, after meeting the needs of the business, we look to pay a quarterly dividend.
•
Third, after reinvesting in our business and paying our dividend, we intend to return excess cash to our shareholders through share repurchases.
Table
of
Contents
In fiscal 2024, we invested $3.5 billion in capital expenditures to support our business, advance our goals, and continue to build an interconnected customer experience. We also acquired SRS to accelerate our growth with Pros. We continue to focus on driving productivity throughout the business by lowering our product and transportation costs, and in fiscal 2024 we
executed a plan to reduce our fixed cost structure by approximately $500 million. The combination of reinvesting in our business to drive higher sales and driving productivity to lower costs allows us to improve our customer experience, increase our competitiveness in the market, and deliver shareholder value.
In fiscal 2024, we returned $8.9 billion to shareholders in the form of cash dividends. We also returned $0.6 billion to