payment to the respective financial institution according to the terms originally negotiated with the supplier, regardless of whether the supplier elects to receive early payment from the financial institution.
The payment terms we negotiate with our suppliers are consistent, irrespective of whether a supplier participates in the program. Our current payment terms with a majority of our participating suppliers generally range from
30
to
60
days, which we deem to be commercially reasonable. Our outstanding payment obligations under our
supplier finance program
are recorded within accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheets. The associated payments are included in operating activities within the consolidated statements of cash flows.
The following table presents the changes in our outstanding obligations under our supplier finance program:
Debt
We record any premiums or discounts associated with an issuance of long-term debt as a direct addition or deduction to the carrying value of the related senior notes. We also record debt issuance costs associated with an issuance of long-term debt as a direct deduction to the carrying value of the related senior notes. Premium, discount, and debt issuance costs are amortized over the term of the respective notes using the effective interest rate method.
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
We use derivative instruments in the management of our interest rate exposure on long-term debt and our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. We enter into derivative instruments for risk management purposes only; we do not enter into derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. All derivative instruments are recognized at their fair values in either assets or liabilities at the balance sheet date and are classified as either current or non-current based on each contract’s respective maturity. While we enter into master netting arrangements, our policy is to present the fair value of derivative instruments on a gross basis in our consolidated balance sheets.
Changes in the fair values for derivative instruments designated as cash flow or net investment hedges are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged item is recognized in earnings, which for net investment hedges is upon sale or substantial liquidation of the underlying net investment. Changes in fair value of outstanding fair value hedges and the offsetting changes in fair values of the hedged item are recognized in earnings. We record realized gains and losses from derivative instruments in the same financial statement line item as the hedged item.
Table
of
Contents
Cash flows from the settlement of derivative instruments appear in the consolidated statements of cash flows in the same categories as the cash flows of the hedged item.
Self-Insurance Reserves
We are self-insured for certain losses related to general liability (including product liability), workers’ compensation, employee group