their fair values at the date of acquisition.
The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. During the measurement period, which is up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings.
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired. We do not amortize goodwill, but assess the recoverability of goodwill in the third quarter of each fiscal year, or more often if indicators warrant, by determining whether the fair value of each reporting unit supports its carrying value. Each fiscal year, we may assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to complete quantitative impairment assessments, with a quantitative assessment completed periodically or as facts and circumstances warrant. Additional information regarding our goodwill is included in
Note 4
.
Table
of
Contents
Intangible Assets, net
We amortize the cost of definite-lived intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which range up to approximately
20
years, as this approximates the pattern of expected economic benefit. We evaluate our definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when evidence exists that certain triggering events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. Intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested in the third quarter of each fiscal year for impairment, or more often if indicators warrant.
Additional information regarding our intangible assets is included in
Note 4
.
Supplier Finance Program
We have a supplier finance program whereby we have entered into payment processing agreements with select financial institutions. Under these agreements, the financial institutions act as our paying agents with respect to accounts payable due to certain suppliers. Participating suppliers may, at their sole discretion, elect to receive payment for one or more of our payment obligations, prior to their scheduled due dates, at a discounted price from participating financial institutions. We are not a party to the agreements between the participating financial institutions and the suppliers in connection with the program, and our rights and obligations to our suppliers are not impacted. We do not reimburse suppliers for any costs they incur for participation in the program, and we have not pledged any assets as security or provided any guarantees as part of the program. We have no economic interest in our suppliers’ decisions to participate in the program. Our responsibility is limited to making