table presents the number and average price of shares purchased in each fiscal month of the third quarter of fiscal 2024:
—————
(1)
These amounts include repurchases pursuant to our Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated May 19, 2022, and our 1997 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (collectively, the “Plans”). Under the Plans, participants surrender shares as payment of applicable tax withholding on the vesting of restricted stock. Participants in the Plans may also exercise stock options by surrendering shares of common stock that the participants already own as payment of the exercise price. Shares so surrendered by participants in the Plans are repurchased pursuant to the terms of the Plans and applicable award agreement and not pursuant to publicly announced share repurchase programs.
(2)
On August 14, 2023, our Board of Directors approved a $15.0 billion share repurchase authorization that replaced the previous authorization of $15.0 billion, which was approved on August 18, 2022. The August 2023 authorization does not have a prescribed expiration date. As previously disclosed, we paused share repurchases in March 2024.
(3)
Excludes excise taxes incurred on share repurchases.
SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES
During the third quarter of fiscal 2024, we issued 480 deferred stock units under The Home Depot, Inc. Nonemployee Directors’ Deferred Stock Compensation Plan pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of the SEC’s Regulation D thereunder. The deferred stock units were credited during the third quarter of fiscal 2024 to the accounts of those non-employee directors who elected to receive all or a portion of board retainers in the form of deferred stock units instead of cash. The deferred stock units convert to shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis following a termination of service as described in this plan.
During the third quarter of fiscal 2024, we credited 876 deferred stock units to participant accounts under the Restoration Plans pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act for involuntary, non-contributory plans. The deferred stock units convert to shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis following a termination of service as described in these plans.
Item 5. Other Information.
Trading Arrangements
During the fiscal quarter ended October 27, 2024, no director or officer of the Company
adopted
or
terminated
a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of the SEC’s Regulation S-K.
Table of
Contents
Item 6. Exhibits.
Exhibits marked with an asterisk (*) are incorporated by reference to exhibits or appendices previously filed with the SEC, as indicated by the references in brackets. All other exhibits are filed or furnished herewith.
—————
‡
Certain schedules and other similar attachments to this exhibit have been omitted from this filing