cabinets, cabinet makeovers, countertops, sheds, furnaces and central air systems, and windows. DIFM customers can purchase these services in our stores, online, or in their homes through in-home consultations. In addition to serving our DIFM customer needs, we believe our focus on the Pros who perform services for these customers helps us drive higher product sales.
Table
of
Contents
OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
A typical Home Depot store stocks approximately 30,000 to 40,000 items during the year, including both national brand name and proprietary products, across the following merchandising departments: Appliances, Bath, Building Materials, Electrical, Flooring, Hardware, Indoor Garden, Kitchen & Blinds, Lighting, Lumber, Millwork, Outdoor Garden, Paint, Plumbing, Power, and Storage & Organization. Our online product offerings complement our stores by serving as an extended aisle, and we offer a significantly broader product assortment through our websites and mobile applications, including homedepot.com, our primary website; homedepot.ca and homedepot.com.mx, our websites in Canada and Mexico, respectively; hdsupply.com, our website for our MRO products and related services; our websites for custom window coverings including blinds.com, justblinds.com and americanblinds.com; thecompanystore.com, our website featuring textiles and décor products; and srsdistribution.com, heritagelandscapesupplygroup.com, and heritagepoolsupplygroup.com, our websites serving the roofing and building materials, landscape and pool product needs of specialty Pros, respectively.
We believe our merchandising organization is a key competitive advantage, delivering product innovation, assortment and value, which reinforces our position as the product authority in home improvement. At the same time, we remain focused on offering the right products at everyday values in our stores and online. To remain the product authority, we must continue to bring new and innovative products to our customers that help simplify their projects, from the Pro’s need for job-lot quantities of specialized products to DIY customers seeking products to reduce their environmental impacts. To help our merchandising organization keep pace with changing customer expectations and increasing desire for innovation, localization, and personalization, we are continuing to invest in tools to better leverage our data and drive a deeper level of collaboration with our suppliers. As a result, we continue to focus on enhanced merchandising information technology tools to help us: (1) enhance an interconnected shopping experience that remains tailored to our customers’ shopping intent and location; (2) provide the best value in the market; and (3) optimize our product assortments. Our merchandising team leverages technology and works closely with our inventory and supply chain teams, as well as our suppliers, to manage our assortments, drive innovation, manage the cost environment, and adjust inventory levels