landscape, and pool. We have determined that each of these three lines of business represents an operating segment, none of which meets the thresholds prescribed under Topic 280 to be deemed a reportable segment.
The following table presents a reconciliation of the results of our Primary segment to our consolidated totals:
—————
(1)
Includes intangible asset amortization expense of $
52
million and $
155
million for the three and nine months ended October 27, 2024, respectively, in our Primary segment, and intangible asset amortization expense of $
86
million
and $
125
million for the three and nine months ended October 27, 2024, respectively, in Other.
“Other” in the table above represents our SRS operations and is reflective of results beginning from the acquisition date of June 18, 2024. Net sales in the Other category relate to the sale of products by SRS, with roofing and related products accounting for approximately
68
% and
67
% of sales in Other during the three and nine months ended October 27, 2024, respectively.
Table of
Contents
Prior to the SRS acquisition, our total Company consolidated results represented our Primary segment. Therefore, a reconciliation to our consolidated totals is not applicable for the three and nine months ended October 29, 2023.
The following table presents our Primary segment major product lines and the related merchandising departments (and related services):
The following table presents net sales by major product line (and related services), as well as Other net sales:
—————
(1)   Represents SRS net sales since the acquisition date of June 18, 2024. See discussion above for information on the components of Other net sales.
Note: During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we made certain changes to our merchandising department structure that realign certain merchandising departments across our major product lines. As a result, prior-year amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current-year presentation. These changes had no impact on consolidated net sales.
The following table presents net sales, classified by geography:
The following table presents net sales by products and services:
Deferred Revenue
For products and services sold in stores or online, payment is typically due at the point of sale. When we receive payment before the customer has taken possession of the merchandise or the service has been performed, the amount received is recorded as deferred revenue until the sale or service is complete. Such performance obligations are part of contracts with expected original durations of typically three months or less. As of October 27, 2024 and January 28, 2024, deferred revenue for products and services was $
1.6
billion and $
1.7
billion, respectively.
Table of
Contents
We further record deferred revenue for the sale of gift cards and recognize the associated revenue upon the redemption of those gift cards, which generally occurs within
six months
of gift card issuance. As of October 27, 2024