failures can also adversely affect our reputation and business. Our business depends on our customers’, associates’, job applicants’, contractors’, and business partners’ willingness to entrust us with their personal information. Events that adversely affect that trust, including inadequate disclosure to our customers, associates, job applicants, contractors, or business partners of our uses of their information or failing to keep our information technology systems and our customers’, associates’, job applicants’, contractors’, and business partners’ personal information secure from significant attack, theft, damage, loss or unauthorized disclosure or access, whether as a result of our action or inaction (including human error or malfeasance) or that of our service providers or other third parties, could adversely affect our brand and harm our reputation.
The regulatory environment related to data privacy and cybersecurity is constantly changing, with new and increasingly rigorous requirements applicable to our business. The implementation of these requirements has also become more complex. Maintaining our adherence to evolving data privacy and cybersecurity regulatory requirements, including state privacy laws, requires significant effort and cost, requires changes to our business practices, and may limit our ability to collect and use certain data for our business operations, including to support the customer experience. In addition, many regulators have indicated an intention to take more aggressive enforcement actions regarding data privacy and cybersecurity matters, and private litigation resulting from such matters is increasing and resulting in progressively larger judgments and settlements. As we have experienced in the past, failure to comply with applicable requirements could subject us to fines, sanctions, governmental investigations, or lawsuits, which could lead to negative publicity and reputational harm, and may cause customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our cybersecurity measures, data privacy practices, or our business more generally.
We are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability, and potentially disrupt our business.
We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit and debit cards, our PLCCs, cash, electronic payments, checks, digital wallets, loan programs including installment loans, trade credit, and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time. Acceptance of these payment options subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards and certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. These rules and requirements may change over time or be reinterpreted, making compliance more difficult, costly, or uncertain. For certain payment methods,