Factors
, and elsewhere in this report and also as described from time to time in reports subsequently filed with the SEC. You should read such information in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and
Part II, Item 7.
Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
in this report. There also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described herein, generally because we do not currently perceive them to be material. Such factors could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these statements other than as required by law. You are advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our filings with the SEC and in our other public statements.
Table
of
Contents
PART I
Item 1.  Business.
INTRODUCTION
The Home Depot, Inc. is the world’s largest home improvement retailer based on net sales for fiscal 2024. We offer our customers a wide assortment of building materials, home improvement products, lawn and garden products, décor products, and facilities MRO products, in stores and online. We also provide a number of services, including home improvement installation services, and tool and equipment rental. As of the end of fiscal 2024, we operated 2,347 stores located throughout the U.S. (including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the territories of the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam), Canada, and Mexico. The Home Depot stores average approximately 104,000 square feet of enclosed space, with approximately 24,000 additional square feet of outside garden area. We also maintain a network of distribution and fulfillment centers, as well as a number of e-commerce websites in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. For disclosure purposes, the geographic operating segments of the U.S., Canada and Mexico are aggregated into one reportable segment (the “Primary segment”).
In fiscal 2024, we acquired SRS, a leading residential specialty trade distribution company engaged in the distribution of residential and commercial roofing products, complementary building products, landscape supplies and swimming pool supplies serving the professional roofer, landscaper, and pool contractor. At the end of fiscal 2024, SRS operated over 780 branch locations throughout the U.S., each of which has a distribution center, material handling and delivery equipment, and inventory. SRS is organized as three different lines of business: roofing and complementary building products, landscape, and pool. Each line of business was determined to represent an operating segment, none of which are deemed reportable segments.
Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, when we refer to “The Home Depot,” “Home Depot,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” in this report, we are referring to The Home Depot, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
The