shares of our common stock at the end of a
five-year
performance period. A portion of these awards are subject to the achievement of SRS EBITDA and sales targets, and a portion of these awards are subject to market conditions based on our stock price performance. The fair value of the portion of the awards subject to the achievement of EBITDA and sales targets were valued based on the closing stock price on the grant date. The portion of the awards subject to market conditions were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation on the date of grant.
Table
of
Contents
The following table presents the per share weighted average fair value and the assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation for the market-based awards:
The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury (constant maturity) risk-free rate in effect at the date of grant for periods corresponding with the term of the award. Expected volatility is based on a combination of historical and implied volatility of our stock. The award term is based on the vesting period of the award.
The following table presents a summary of performance share activity during fiscal 2024:
—————
(1)    Includes performance share awards issued in relation to the SRS acquisition.
The following table presents the total fair value of performance shares vested:
Deferred Shares.
We grant awards of deferred shares to non-employee directors under the Plans. Each deferred share entitles the non-employee director to one share of common stock to be received following termination of Board service. Recipients of deferred shares have no voting rights and receive dividend equivalents that accrue and are paid out in the form of additional shares of stock upon payout of the underlying shares following termination of service. The fair value of the deferred shares is based on the closing stock price on the date of grant and is expensed immediately upon grant.
The following table presents deferred shares granted to non-employee directors:
Employee Stock Purchase Plans
We maintain
two
ESPPs: a U.S. and a non-U.S. plan. The plan for U.S. associates is a tax-qualified plan under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. The non-U.S. plan is not a Section 423 plan. At February 2, 2025, there were approximately
14
million shares available under the U.S. plan and approximately
18
million shares available under the non-U.S. plan. The purchase price of shares under the ESPPs is equal to
85
% of the stock’s fair market value on the last day of the purchase period, which is a
six-month
period ending on December 31 and June 30 of each year. During fiscal 2024, there were approximately
1
million shares purchased under the ESPPs at an average price of $
309.59
. Under the outstanding ESPPs at February 2, 2025, associates have contributed $
31
million to purchase shares at
85
% of the stock’s fair market value on the last day of the current purchase period, June 30, 2025.
Table
of
Contents
10.
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
We maintain active defined