the Company in each fiscal month of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024:
—————
(1)
These amounts include deemed repurchases pursuant to our Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated May 19, 2022, and our 1997 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (collectively, the “Plans”). Under the Plans, participants surrender shares as payment of applicable tax withholding on the vesting of restricted stock. Participants in the Plans may also exercise stock options by surrendering shares of common stock that the participants already own as payment of the exercise price. Shares so surrendered by participants in the Plans are repurchased pursuant to the terms of the Plans and applicable award agreement and not pursuant to publicly announced share repurchase programs.
(2)
On August 14, 2023, our Board approved a $15.0 billion share repurchase authorization that replaced the previous authorization of $15.0 billion, which was approved on August 18, 2022. The August 2023 authorization does not have a prescribed expiration date. As previously disclosed, we paused share repurchases in March 2024.
(3)
Excludes excise taxes incurred on share repurchases.
SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we issued 436 deferred stock units under the Home Depot, Inc. Nonemployee Directors’ Deferred Stock Compensation Plan pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of the SEC’s Regulation D thereunder. The deferred stock units were credited during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 to the accounts of those non-employee directors who elected to receive all or a portion of board retainers in the form of deferred stock units instead of cash. The deferred stock units convert to shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis following a termination of service as described in the plan.
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we credited 5,865 deferred stock units to participant accounts under the Restoration Plans pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act for involuntary, non-contributory plans. The deferred stock units convert to shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis following a termination of service as described in these plans.
Item 6.  Reserved.
Item 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
The following discussion provides an analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations from management's perspective and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report. The discussion in this Form 10-K generally focuses on fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. A discussion of our results of operations and changes in financial condition for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 has been omitted from this report, but can be found in
Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results