central banks’ actions to control inflation; fuel and other energy costs; raw material or other shortages; labor and healthcare costs; the availability of financing; the state of the credit markets, including mortgages, home equity loans and consumer credit; changes in policy and regulations, including with respect to tax rates; prolonged government shutdowns; weather and natural disasters (including the potential impacts of climate change); acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; public health issues, including pandemics and related impacts; geopolitical or military conflicts or acts of war, as well as any related sanctions or other government or private responses; and civil unrest, could further adversely affect, and in certain cases has adversely affected, demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business, and our financial performance. For instance, a number of merchandise categories were impacted by inflation in recent years due to, among other things, global supply chain disruptions and the uncertain economic and geopolitical environment. In an effort to address inflation, central banks raised interest rates. Notwithstanding recent rate cuts, the high interest rate environment that persisted throughout fiscal 2024 has adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact demand for larger remodeling projects. Additionally, the inflationary outlook in the U.S. is currently uncertain, and persistent or increasing inflation could lead to a reversal of recent reductions in interest rates.
Further, our specialty trade and MRO customers, who have higher spend and longer-term relationships than a typical retail customer, primarily use trade credit to finance their purchases, and some of our other Pros use trade credit in order to purchase our products. As a result, their ability to pay is highly dependent on the economic strength of the industry in their areas. If these customers are unable to repay the trade credit from us, we may face greater default risk, which could reduce our cash flow and adversely affect our results of operations.
Our costs of doing business could increase as a result of changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state, local or international laws, regulations and executive orders.
We are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as international laws and regulations, that govern numerous aspects of our business. In recent years, a number of new laws and regulations have been adopted, new executive orders have been announced, there has been expanded enforcement and differing interpretations of certain existing laws and regulations by federal, state, local and international agencies, and the interpretation of certain laws and regulations has become increasingly complex. These laws and regulations, and related executive orders, interpretations and enforcement activity, may change as a result of a variety of factors,