contribution retirement plans for our associates (the “Benefit Plans”). All associates satisfying certain service requirements are eligible to participate in the Benefit Plans. We make cash contributions each payroll period up to specified percentages of associates’ contributions as approved by our Board.
We also maintain the Restoration Plans to provide certain associates deferred compensation that they would have received under the Benefit Plans as a matching contribution if not for the maximum compensation limits under the Internal Revenue Code. We fund the Restoration Plans through contributions made to grantor trusts, which are then used to purchase shares of our common stock in the open market.
The following table presents our contributions to the Benefit Plans and the Restoration Plans:
At February 2, 2025, the Benefit Plans and the Restoration Plans held a total of
4.7
million shares of our common stock in trusts for plan participants.
11.
WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES
The following table presents the reconciliation of our basic to diluted weighted average common shares as well as the number of anti-dilutive securities excluded from diluted weighted average common shares:
—————
(1)    Represents the dilutive impact of stock-based awards.
12.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
At February 2, 2025, we had outstanding letters of credit totaling $
651
million, primarily related to certain business transactions, including insurance programs, trade contracts, and construction contracts.
We are involved in litigation arising in the normal course of business. In management’s opinion, any such litigation is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
13.
ACQUISITIONS
SRS Acquisition
On March 27, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire SRS, a leading residential specialty trade distribution company across several verticals serving the professional roofer, landscaper and pool contractor. On June 18, 2024, following the satisfaction or waiver of the applicable closing conditions, including receipt of the requisite regulatory approvals, the acquisition was completed and all merger consideration was transferred. Under the terms of the merger agreement, a subsidiary of The Home Depot, Inc. merged with and into Shingle Acquisition Holdings, Inc., the parent company of SRS, with Shingle Acquisition Holdings, Inc. as the surviving entity and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. We believe the acquisition of SRS will accelerate the Company’s growth with the Pro. The acquisition is expected to establish the Company as a leading specialty trade distributor across multiple verticals, complement our existing capabilities, and enable us to better serve complex project purchase occasions with the renovator/remodeler. We primarily used a combination of proceeds from commercial paper borrowings, the issuance of long-term debt, as well as cash on hand to fund the