existing locations and websites by measuring the change in net sales for a period over the comparable prior period of equivalent length. Comparable sales includes sales at all locations, physical and online, open greater than 52 weeks (including remodels and relocations) and excludes closed stores. Retail stores become comparable on the Monday following their 52
nd
week of operation. Acquisitions are typically included in comparable sales after they have been owned for more than 52 weeks. Comparable sales is intended only as supplemental information and is not a substitute for net sales presented in accordance with GAAP.
Total comparable sales for the third quarter of fiscal 2024 decreased 1.3%, reflecting a 0.8% decrease in comparable average ticket and a 0.6% decrease in comparable customer transactions compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2023. The decrease in comparable customer transactions primarily reflects the impact of heightened macroeconomic uncertainties and other macroeconomic factors, including the impacts of a persisting high interest rate environment pressuring home improvement demand. The decrease in comparable average ticket primarily reflects price stabilization relative to last year, slightly offset by demand for new and innovative products. Comparable sales during the third quarter of fiscal 2024 also reflects incremental sales related to hurricane demand.
During the third quarter of fiscal 2024, our Power, Outdoor Garden, Building Materials, Indoor Garden, and Paint merchandising departments posted positive comparable sales compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2023. All of our other merchandising departments posted negative comparable sales during the third quarter of fiscal 2024 compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2023.
Gross Profit
Gross profit for the third quarter of fiscal 2024 increased 5.4% to $13.4 billion from $12.7 billion for the third quarter of fiscal 2023. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales, or gross profit margin, was 33.4% for the third quarter of fiscal 2024 compared to 33.8% for the third quarter of fiscal 2023. The decrease in gross profit margin primarily reflects the inclusion of SRS in our consolidated results, partially offset by lower shrink within our Primary segment.
Operating Expenses
Our operating expenses are composed of SG&A and depreciation and amortization.
Selling, General & Administrative.
SG&A for the third quarter of fiscal 2024 increased $563 million, or 8.5%, to $7.2 billion from $6.6 billion for the third quarter of fiscal 2023. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A was 17.9% for the third quarter of fiscal 2024 compared to 17.6% for the third quarter of fiscal 2023, primarily reflecting higher payroll and other operational costs, along with deleverage from a negative comparable sales environment, all within our Primary segment, partially offset by the inclusion of SRS in our consolidated results.
Depreciation and Amortization.
Depreciation and amortization for the third