fluctuations in those rates, which may adversely impact our sales and profitability.
Table
of
Contents
The inflation or deflation of commodity and other prices could affect our prices, demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins.
Prices of certain commodity products, including lumber and other raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, inflationary or deflationary pressures, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, tariffs and trade restrictions (including retaliatory tariffs), changes in trade and other policies of the U.S. and other countries due to the change in the administration in the U.S., natural disasters, geopolitical conflicts, and periodic delays in delivery. For example, conflicts in Europe and the Middle East and the related international responses have exacerbated inflationary pressures, including causing increases in commodity prices, fuel and other energy costs, and shipping costs. Rapid and significant changes in commodity and other prices, such as changes in lumber prices, and our ability to pass them on to our customers or manage them through our portfolio strategy, may be limited by the competitive environment in which we operate, and may affect the demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins. If product cost inflation exceeds our ability to manage related expenses, we may not be able to offset the increases without negatively impacting consumer demand.
We may incur property, casualty or other losses not covered by our insurance.
We are predominantly self-insured for a number of different risk categories, such as general liability (including product liability), property loss, workers’ compensation, employee group medical, employment practices liability and wage and hour claims, automobile claims, and cybersecurity and privacy liability, with insurance coverage for certain catastrophic risks above the self-insurance levels. The types and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. The occurrence of significant claims, a substantial rise in costs to maintain our insurance, the failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage, or disputes with insurers regarding coverage could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results or financial condition.
GAAP and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, such as asset impairment, inventories, lease obligations, self-insurance, vendor allowances, tax matters, business combinations, and litigation, are complex and involve many