today.
Store Experience
Our stores remain the hub of our business, and we continue to invest to improve the customer shopping experience through easier navigation and increased convenience and speed of checkout. In fiscal 2024, we continued to leverage the investments made in our stores over the past several years to operate effectively and meet customer expectations. These investments included wayfinding signage and store refresh packages; self-service lockers, online order storage areas and curbside service to enable convenient online order pickup options; electronic shelf label capabilities; and the re-design of front-end areas, including reconfigured service desks, improved layouts in checkout areas, and expanded and enhanced self-checkout options. We have also empowered our customers with additional self-help tools, including mobile app-enabled store navigation. Our app provides store-specific maps that allow customers to pinpoint the exact location of an item on their mobile devices.
We believe these investments are driving higher customer satisfaction scores, and we will continue to invest to improve the customer experience. In addition, we have identified areas that have experienced significant population growth or where market voids exist. In fiscal 2023, we initiated a plan to open approximately
80
new stores over a five-year period to address those opportunities, and in fiscal 2024, we op
ened 12 new
stores. These new stores will continue to help relieve pressure at existing high-volume stores and add stores in areas with less store coverage, helping us to improve the customer experience and drive sales growth.
Investing in Associate Productivity.
We continually strive to improve our store operations to remove complexity and inefficient processes, allowing our associates to spend more of their time serving our customers. To this end, we have continued to focus on process improvements like optimizing product flow to improve on-shelf product availability and thus decrease the amount of time store associates spend locating products; creating an enhanced order management system; expanding in-aisle, real-time mobile learning tools for our associates’ development and assistance with customer questions; and using labor model tools to better align associate activity with customer needs. For a number of years, our Home Depot store associates have used web-enabled handheld devices to help them more efficiently meet the needs of the business and serve customers. Our current generation of these digital “hdPhone” devices offers enhanced functionality that allows associates to readily query inventory, access applications that support customer service, and assist with locating products. Our hdPhones also give our U.S. Home Depot store associates access to Sidekick, an application that directs associates to bays where product is low or out of stock and helps our associates prioritize the highest value tasks more effectively. To further support