an adverse effect on our operations and financial performance in a number of ways. These types of events can affect consumer spending and confidence and consumers’ disposable income, particularly with respect to home improvement or construction projects. They can also adversely affect our work force and prevent associates and customers from reaching our stores, branches and other facilities. They can, temporarily or on a long-term basis, disrupt or disable operations of stores, branches, other facilities and support centers, and portions of our supply chain and distribution network, including causing reductions in the availability of inventory and disruption of utility services. In addition, these events may affect our information systems and digital platforms, resulting in disruption to various aspects of our operations, including our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders; to communicate with our stores, branches, other facilities or support centers or senior management; or to access financial or banking systems. Unseasonable, unexpected or extreme weather conditions such as excessive precipitation, warm temperatures during the winter season, or prolonged or extreme periods of warm or cold temperatures could render a portion of our inventory incompatible with customer needs and adversely impact our financial results.
Furthermore, the potential long-term impacts of climate change, whether involving physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions) or transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes), could be widespread and unpredictable. These changes over time could affect, for example, the availability and cost of or demand for certain products, commodities, and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure certain goods or services for the operation of our business at the quantities and levels we consider optimal.
As a consequence of these or other catastrophic or uncharacteristic events, we may experience interruption to our operations, increased costs, changes in customer behavior or demand, or losses of property, equipment or inventory, which would adversely affect our sales and profitability.
If we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers, or if our suppliers experience financial difficulties or other challenges, our ability to timely and efficiently access products that meet our high standards for quality could be adversely affected.
We buy our products from suppliers located around the world, who in turn procure materials from across the globe. Our ability to continue to identify and develop relationships with qualified suppliers who can satisfy our standards for quality and responsible sourcing, as well as our need to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge. Our ability to access products from our suppliers can be, and on occasion has been, adversely affected by economic or political