our customers, our suppliers, and the communities we serve, we also support our business and create value for our shareholders. Our sustainability and human capital management priorities build on the culture and values on which Home Depot was founded, and our initiatives are embedded in our business strategy and activities. We organize our efforts around three pillars: (1) Focus on Our People, (2) Operate Sustainably, and (3) Strengthen Our Communities. Highlights of each of these pillars are set forth below. For further information on our three pillars, including related goals, see our 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the “2024 ESG Report”), available on our investor relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com/sustainability.
Table
of
Contents
Focus on Our People
Our culture and our associates provide intangible and hard-to-replicate competitive advantages, which have been key to helping us navigate challenging market conditions. Our associates are essential to providing the experience and service that our customers demand. To preserve and protect that customer experience, we focus on cultivating a compelling associate experience, which we believe supports our ability to attract and retain our associates. This includes investing in competitive wages and benefits while also providing the culture, tools, training, and development opportunities that make working at The Home Depot an enjoyable and rewarding experience. These actions are the foundation of our core values of taking care of our associates, entrepreneurial spirit, building strong relationships, and respect for all people.
Culture and Values.
The Home Depot has a strong commitment to ethics and integrity, and we are a values- and culture-centric business. Our commitment to our core values drives our approach to human capital management. Our culture is based on our servant leadership philosophy represented by the inverted pyramid, which puts primary importance on our customers and our associates by positioning them at the top, with senior management at the base in a support role. We bring our culture to life through our core values, which serve as the foundation of our business and as the guiding principles behind the decisions we make every day.
Our values also guide our efforts to create an environment that will help us attract and retain skilled associates in the competitive marketplace for talent. We empower our associates to deliver a superior customer experience by living our values, and we position our associates to embody our core values by integrating the importance of our culture into ongoing development programs and rewards programs. Leaders participate in programs designed to build and strengthen our culture, such as training on leadership skills, cross-functional collaboration, leading with our values, and associate engagement. Our core values are at the root of our human capital management programs.
Our Workforce.
At the end of fiscal 2024, we employed