capabilities; and (v) growth in sales force. We expect approximately $
1.0
billion of goodwill related to the acquisition to be deductible for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes. At this time, all preliminary goodwill has been allocated to our
three
SRS reporting units and no goodwill currently resides in our Primary segment.
We have completed valuation analyses necessary to assess the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the amount of goodwill to be recognized as of the acquisition date. These fair values were based on management’s estimates and assumptions; however, the amounts indicated above are preliminary in nature and are subject to adjustment as additional information is obtained about the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. Accordingly, there may be adjustments to the assigned values of acquired assets and liabilities assumed. Areas that remain preliminary primarily relate to income taxes, as well as any changes to residual goodwill resulting from measurement period adjustments. The final determination of acquisition date fair values and residual goodwill will be completed as soon as practicable, and within the measurement period of up to one year from the acquisition date as permitted under GAAP. Any adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period will be recorded in the reporting period in which the adjustment is determined. Measurement period adjustments recognized during fiscal 2024 were immaterial.
Results of Operations.
Net sales attributable to SRS since the completion of the acquisition and included within our results of operations for fiscal 2024 totaled $
6.4
billion. Net earnings attributable to SRS since the completion of the acquisition and included within our results of operations for fiscal 2024 were immaterial.
Pro forma results of operations would not be materially different as a result of the acquisition and therefore are not presented.
Other Fiscal 2024 Acquisitions
All other acquisitions completed during fiscal 2024 were immaterial both individually and in the aggregate.
Fiscal 2023 Acquisitions
During fiscal 2023, we completed
three
individually immaterial acquisitions for total aggregate cash purchase consideration of $
1.5
billion. We recognized aggregate definite-lived intangible assets of $
469
million with a weighted average amortization period of
17
years, primarily related to customer relationships, and goodwill of $
1.0
billion. The goodwill arising from the acquisitions resides in our Primary segment and is primarily attributable to operational synergies and acceleration of growth strategy, as well as the assembled workforce. The portion of goodwill generated through these acquisitions that is expected to be deductible for U.S. federal and state tax purposes is not material. Measurement period adjustments recognized during fiscal 2024 were immaterial and our purchase price allocations are now finalized.
Net