February 2024, we repaid $1.1 billion of senior notes at maturity.
The indentures governing our senior notes do not generally limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness or require us to maintain financial ratios or specified levels of net worth or liquidity. The indentures governing our notes contain various customary covenants; however, none of the covenants are expected to impact our liquidity or capital resources. See
Note 5
to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our debt arrangements.
CASH FLOWS SUMMARY
Operating Activities
Cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, associate compensation, operations, occupancy costs, and income taxes. Cash provided by or used in operating activities is also subject to changes in working capital. Working capital at any point in time is subject to many variables, including seasonality, inventory management and category expansion, the timing of cash receipts and payments, vendor payment terms, and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $1.3 billion in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 compared to the first nine months of fiscal 2023, primarily due to changes in working capital. Changes in working capital were primarily driven by more normalized inventory levels during the first nine months of fiscal 2024 compared to strategic reductions in inventory during fiscal 2023, as well as timing of vendor payments, each within our Primary segment.
Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities increased by $16.8 billion in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 compared to the first nine months of fiscal 2023, primarily due to higher cash payments for business acquisitions in fiscal 2024, including $17.6 billion of cash consideration paid to acquire SRS, net of cash acquired.
Financing Activities
Net cash provided by financing activities in the first nine months of fiscal 2024 primarily reflected approximately $10.0 billion of net proceeds from long-term debt and $1.3 billion of proceeds from commercial paper borrowings, net of repayments, partially offset by $6.7 billion of cash dividends paid, $1.4 billion of repayments of long-term debt, and $649 million of share repurchases prior to pausing share repurchases in March 2024. Net cash used in financing activities in the first nine months of fiscal 2023 primarily reflected $6.5 billion of share repurchases, $6.3 billion of cash dividends paid, and $1.2 billion of long-term debt repayments.
The overall increase in cash flows from financing activities during the first nine months of fiscal 2024 compared to the first nine months of fiscal 2023 totaled $16.6 billion and was predominantly attributable to the financing of the SRS acquisition. Specifically, as discussed above, a combination