transactions involve risks, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions.
We regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, investments, alliances, and other growth and market expansion strategies, such as our acquisition of SRS in the second quarter of fiscal 2024. We generally expect that these transactions will result in sales increases, cost savings, synergies, enhanced capabilities or various other benefits. Assessing the viability and realizing the benefits of these transactions is subject to significant uncertainty. For each of our acquisitions, we need to determine the appropriate level of integration of the target company’s products, services, associates, and information technology, financial, human resources, compliance, and other systems and processes, and then successfully manage that integration into our corporate structure. Integration is a complex and time-consuming process, and if the integration is not fully successful or is delayed for a material period of time, we may not achieve the anticipated synergies or benefits of the acquisition. In addition, the integration of businesses may create increased complexity in our financial systems, internal controls, technology and cybersecurity systems, and operations and may make them more difficult to manage. Even if the target companies are successfully integrated, the acquisitions may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose us to increased competition or challenges with respect to our products or services, and expose us to additional risks and liabilities. Strategic transactions may also be subject to significant regulatory uncertainty. The changing regulatory landscape may result in additional costs or delays that affect the anticipated outcome of a transaction, including as a result of the enforcement environment. Any failure in the execution of a strategic transaction or investment, our approach to the integration of an acquired asset or business, or achievement of synergies or other benefits could result in slower growth, higher than expected costs, the recording of an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets or restructuring costs, and other actions which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
OPERATIONAL RISKS
Our success depends upon our ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified associates to provide excellent customer service and to support our strategic initiatives while also controlling our labor costs.
Our customers expect a high level of customer service and product knowledge from our associates. To meet the needs and expectations of our customers, we must attract, develop and retain a large number of highly qualified associates and maintain a productive relationship with those associates. Our ability to meet our labor