they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained.
Table
of
Contents
We also maintain patent portfolios relating to our business operations, retail services, and products, and we seek to patent or otherwise protect innovations we incorporate into our business. Patents generally have a term of twenty years from the date they are filed. As our patent portfolio has been built over time, the remaining terms of individual patents across our patent portfolio vary. Although our patents have value, no single patent is essential to our business. We continuously assess our merchandising departments and product lines for opportunities to expand the assortment of products offered within The Home Depot’s portfolio of proprietary and exclusive brands.
COMPETITION AND SEASONALITY
Our industry is highly competitive, highly fragmented, and evolving. As a result, we face competition for customers for our products and services from a variety of retailers, suppliers, service providers, and distributors and manufacturers that sell products directly to their respective customer bases. These competitors range from traditional brick-and-mortar, to multichannel, to exclusively online, and they include a number of other home improvement retailers; local, regional and national hardware stores; electrical, plumbing and building materials supply houses; and lumber yards. With respect to some products and services, we also compete with specialty design stores, showrooms, discount stores, paint stores, specialty and mass digital retailers, warehouse clubs, MRO distributors, national and local wholesale supply distributors, home décor retailers, and other retailers, as well as with providers of home improvement services and tool and equipment rental. The internet facilitates competitive entry, price transparency, and comparison shopping, increasing the level of competition we face.
Both in-store and online, we compete primarily based on customer experience; price; quality; product availability, assortment, and innovation; and delivery options and capabilities. We also compete based on store and branch location and appearance, presentation of merchandise, and ease of shopping experience throughout every step of the project, from inspiration and research to any post-purchase support. Our Pros also look for dedicated sales support, competitive credit and pricing options, project planning tools, and product depth and job-lot quantities, particularly for their complex purchase needs. Furthermore, with respect to delivery options, customers are seeking faster and/or guaranteed delivery times, low-price or free shipping, and/or convenient pickup options. Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options and costs depends on many factors, including the success of our supply chain investments, described more fully under “Our Supply Chain” below, and our interconnected retail strategy.
Our business is subject to seasonal influences. Generally, our