Inc.:
Results of Review of Interim Financial Information
We have reviewed the consolidated balance sheet of The Home Depot, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of October 27, 2024, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income and stockholders’ equity for the three-month and nine-month periods ended October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023, the related consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine-month periods ended October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the “consolidated interim financial information”). Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the consolidated interim financial information for it to be in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of January 28, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended (not presented herein); and in our report dated March 13, 2024, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of January 28, 2024 is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived.
Basis for Review Results
This consolidated interim financial information is the responsibility of the Company’s management. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our reviews in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. A review of consolidated interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters. It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion.
/s/ KPMG LLP
Atlanta, Georgia
November 18, 2024
Table of
Contents
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
The following discussion provides an analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations from management’s perspective and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report and in the 2023 Form 10-K and with our MD&A included in the 2023 Form 10-K.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
We reported net