prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire year. As a result, these consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our 2023 Form 10-K.
During the nine months ended October 27, 2024, there were no significant changes to our significant accounting policies as disclosed in the 2023 Form 10-K.
During the second quarter of fiscal 2024, we completed the acquisition of SRS. Refer to
Note 2
and
Note 10
for further discussion on the acquisition, including certain impacts of the acquisition on our consolidated financial statements.
Reclassifications
Effective July 28, 2024, we began separately presenting intangible assets, net, on the consolidated balance sheets, which were previously included in the other assets line item. In addition, we began separately presenting intangible asset amortization on the statements of cash flows, which was previously included in the depreciation and amortization line item. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s financial statement presentation.
Receivables, net
The following table presents components of receivables, net:
Card receivables consist of payments due from financial institutions for the settlement of credit card and debit card transactions. Rebate receivables represent amounts due from vendors for volume and co-op advertising rebates. Customer receivables relate to credit extended directly to certain customers in the ordinary course of business, which increased compared to the beginning of the year primarily as a result of the SRS acquisition.
The valuation allowance related to our receivables was not material to our consolidated financial statements at October 27, 2024 or January 28, 2024.
Supplier Finance Program
We have a supplier finance program whereby participating suppliers may, at their sole discretion, elect to receive payment for one or more of our payment obligations, prior to their scheduled due dates, at a discounted price from participating financial institutions. The payment terms we negotiate with our suppliers are consistent, irrespective of whether a supplier participates in the program, and we are not a party to the agreements between the participating financial institutions and the suppliers in connection with the program. We do not reimburse suppliers for any costs they incur for participation in the program, and we have not pledged any assets as security or provided any guarantees as part of the program. Our outstanding payment obligations under our supplier finance program were $
533
million at