pose similar risks to our brand and reputation. Partnerships with celebrities and social media content creators may also expose us to brand and reputational risks. Further, our actual or perceived position or lack of position on social, environmental, governance, political, public policy, economic, geopolitical, or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation with certain groups and attract regulatory scrutiny, investigations, litigation, or boycotts. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of initiatives or goals related to these matters, or for any revisions to or failure to achieve these goals on a timely basis or at all. If data, processes, and reporting related to these matters are incomplete or inaccurate, we could face regulatory scrutiny, litigation and/or adverse reputational impacts. Customers are also increasingly using social media to provide feedback and information about the Company, including our products and services, in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. Negative sentiment about the Company shared over social media, or misinformation from fraudulent accounts impersonating the Company, could impact our brand and reputation, whether or not it is based in fact.
The execution of initiatives to implement our interconnected retail strategy could adversely impact our business operations or financial results, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits.
Over the past several years, we have made significant investments to execute our interconnected retail strategy, including enhancing and expanding our supply chain, developing differentiated capabilities for our customers, expanding our store base, and making strategic acquisitions. These investments are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers; simplify customer interactions; provide our customers with a more interconnected shopping experience; expand our sales to Pros and better address their complex purchase needs; and create the fastest, most efficient, and most reliable delivery network for home improvement products. Executing our interconnected retail strategy requires continual investment in our operations and information technology systems, as well as the development and execution of new processes, systems and support. Investment in our supply chain also involves significant real estate projects as we expand our distribution network, requiring us to identify and secure available locations with appropriate characteristics needed to support the different types of facilities. In addition, our stores are a key element of our interconnected retail strategy, serving as the hub of our customers’ interconnected shopping experience. We have an aging store base that requires maintenance, investment, and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping experience that our customers