long-term debt.
Table of
Contents
During the nine months ended October 27, 2024, there was no new material hedging activity or material change to any other hedging arrangement disclosed in our
2023
Form 10-K, and all related activity was immaterial for the periods presented within this report.
Collateral
. We generally enter into master netting arrangements, which are designed to reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. To further limit our credit risk, we enter into collateral security arrangements that provide for collateral to be received or posted when the net fair value of certain derivative instruments exceeds or falls below contractually established thresholds. The cash collateral posted by the Company related to derivative instruments under our collateral security arrangements was $
624
million and $
714
million as of October 27, 2024 and January 28, 2024, respectively, which was recorded in other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. We did not hold any cash collateral as of October 27, 2024 or January 28, 2024.
6.
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Stock Rollforward
The following table presents a reconciliation of the number of shares of our common stock outstanding and cash dividends per share:
Share Repurchases
In August 2023, our Board of Directors approved a $
15.0
billion share repurchase authorization that replaced the previous authorization of $
15.0
billion, which was approved in August 2022. The August 2023 authorization does not have a prescribed expiration date. As of October 27, 2024, approximately $
11.7
billion of the $
15.0
billion share repurchase authorization remained available. In March 2024, we paused share repurchases in anticipation of the SRS acquisition (see
Note 10
for details regarding the SRS acquisition).
The following table presents information about our repurchases of common stock, all of which were completed through open market purchases:
The cost of shares repurchased may differ from the repurchases of common stock amounts in the consolidated statements of cash flows due to unsettled share repurchases at the end of a period and net excise taxes incurred on share repurchases.
Table of
Contents
7.
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
The fair value of an asset is considered to be the price at which the asset could be sold in an orderly transaction between unrelated knowledgeable and willing parties. A liability’s fair value is defined as the amount that would be paid to transfer the liability to a new obligor, rather than the amount that would be paid to settle the liability with the creditor. Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are measured using a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The levels of the fair value hierarchy are:
•
Level 1: observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
•
Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices in active markets in Level 1