including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange fees and other costs to accept these payments, and we may also incur losses, all of which may increase over time and raise our operating costs.
Table
of
Contents
We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and other forms of electronic payment. If these companies become unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised or do not operate as intended, it could disrupt our business. The payment methods that we offer, and the selling channels in which we operate, also subject us to fraud and theft by threat actors, who are becoming increasingly more sophisticated, including by using means such as artificial intelligence, seeking to obtain unauthorized access to or exploit weaknesses that may exist in our sales, payments, and payment processing systems. If we fail to comply with applicable rules or requirements for the payment methods we accept, or if payment-related data is compromised due to a breach or misuse of data, we may be liable for costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or our ability to accept or facilitate certain types of payments may be impaired.
Trade credit offerings are an important part of serving Pros, including SRS customers, and we anticipate expanding our Pro House Account trade credit program as we further develop our capabilities. If we fail to offer attractive terms or services, or employ underwriting criteria that are not competitive, our ability to grow our sales to these Pros may be adversely impacted. If our Pros are unable to make their payments, we may experience an increase in our losses. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in certain payment types, or may expect or demand payment methods that we do not currently offer, which could result in competitive disadvantages or require a shift to other payment types or potential changes to our payment systems that may result in higher costs or present other risks. As a result, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
Our business is subject to seasonal influences, and uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, climate change, natural disasters, as well as other catastrophic or uncharacteristic events, could impact our operations and financial results.
Natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tropical storms, fires, floods, droughts or water scarcity, tornadoes, and earthquakes; unseasonable, unexpected or extreme weather conditions; acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; public health concerns, such as pandemics and quarantines and related impacts; civil unrest; geopolitical or military conflicts or acts of war, as well as any related sanctions or other government or private responses; or similar disruptions and catastrophic events could have and on occasion have had