inflation and deflation related to our purchase and sale of certain commodity products. This price volatility could potentially have a material impact on our financial condition and/or our results of operations. In order to mitigate price volatility, we monitor commodity price fluctuations and may adjust our selling prices accordingly; however, our ability to recover higher costs through increased pricing may be limited by the competitive environment in which we operate. We currently do not use derivative instruments to manage these risks.
Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Table
of
Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
The Home Depot, Inc.:
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Home Depot, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of February 2, 2025 and January 28, 2024, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended February 2, 2025, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February 2, 2025 and January 28, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended February 2, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of February 2, 2025, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 20, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the