liabilities, and reported amounts of revenues and expenses in preparing these financial statements in conformity with GAAP. While we believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable, actual results could differ from these estimates.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less.
Receivables, net
The following table presents components of receivables, net:
Card receivables consist of payments due from financial institutions for the settlement of credit card and debit card transactions. Rebate receivables represent amounts due from vendors for volume and co-op advertising rebates. Customer receivables relate to credit extended directly to certain customers in the ordinary course of business, which increased compared to the beginning of the year primarily as a result of the SRS acquisition.
The valuation allowance related to these receivables was not material to our consolidated financial statements at the end of fiscal 2024 or fiscal 2023.
Table
of
Contents
Merchandise Inventories
Inventory cost includes the amount we pay to acquire inventory, including freight and import costs, as well as operating costs and depreciation associated with our sourcing and distribution network, and is net of certain vendor allowances. The majority of our merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market, as determined by the retail inventory method, which is based on a number of factors such as markups, markdowns, and inventory losses (or shrink). As the inventory retail value is adjusted regularly to reflect market conditions, inventory valued using the retail method approximates the lower of cost or market. Our remaining merchandise inventories, including those within our retail operations in Canada and Mexico, distribution centers, and SRS, are recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value, as determined by a cost method, primarily the first-in, first-out method. We evaluate the inventory valued using a cost method at the end of each quarter to ensure that it is carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value, and the adjustments recorded to merchandise inventories valued under a cost method were not material to our consolidated financial statements at the end of fiscal 2024 or fiscal 2023.
Physical inventory counts or cycle counts are taken on a regular basis in our stores, distribution centers and branches to ensure that amounts reflected in merchandise inventories are properly stated. Shrink (or in the case of excess inventory, swell) is the difference between the recorded amount of inventory and the physical inventory count. We calculate shrink based on actual inventory losses identified as a result of physical inventory counts during each fiscal period and estimated inventory losses occurring between physical inventory counts. The estimate for shrink occurring in the interim period between physical inventory