sales and net earnings for fiscal 2023 attributable to these acquisitions in the aggregate after their respective acquisition dates were immaterial. Pro forma results of operations would not be materially different as a result of the acquisitions in the aggregate and therefore are not presented.
Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
Not applicable.
Table
of
Contents
Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures.
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of February 2, 2025 based on the framework in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of February 2, 2025 in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP.
Management excluded SRS, which was acquired on June 18, 2024, from our assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of February 2, 2025. SRS represents approximately 7% of the Company’s consolidated total assets, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, and approximately 4% of the Company’s consolidated net sales as of and for the year ended February 2, 2025. This exclusion is in accordance with the SEC staff's general guidance that an assessment of an acquired business may be omitted from the scope of management's assessment for one year