consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
Fair values of customer relationships intangible assets
As discussed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, on June 18, 2024, the Company acquired SRS Distribution Inc. (SRS) in a business combination. As a result of the transaction, the Company acquired customer relationships intangible assets associated with the generation of future income from existing customers. The acquisition-date fair values of the customer relationships intangible assets recorded by the Company were approximately $5.4 billion. The Company used the multi-period excess earnings method of the income approach to determine the estimated fair values of the customer relationships intangible assets.
Table
of
Contents
We identified the evaluation of the acquisition-date fair values of the customer relationships intangible assets acquired in the SRS business combination as a critical audit matter. A high degree of subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate certain assumptions used in the valuation models, including the forecasted revenues and long-term forecasted revenue growth rates, expected customer attrition rates, and the discount rate applied. Changes in these assumptions could have had a significant impact on the fair values of the customer relationships intangible assets. Specialized skills and knowledge were required to assess these significant assumptions and evaluate evidence obtained.
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s acquisition-date valuation process, including controls related to the development of the above