and store support center associates, occupancy and operating costs of retail locations and store support centers, insurance-related expenses, advertising costs, credit and debit card processing fees, and other administrative costs.
Advertising Expense
Advertising costs, including digital, television, radio and print, are expensed when the advertisement first appears. Certain co-op advertising allowances that are reimbursements of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs incurred to promote vendors’ products are recorded as an offset against advertising expense.
Net advertising expense included in SG&A was $
1.2
billion, $
1.1
billion, and $
1.1
billion for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Stock-Based Compensation
We are currently authorized to issue incentive and nonqualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, stock appreciation rights, and deferred shares to certain of our associates and non-employee directors under certain stock incentive plans. We measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based payment awards made to associates and non-employee directors based on estimated fair values. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as stock-based compensation expense, on a straight-line basis, over the requisite service period or as restrictions lapse. We include estimated forfeitures expected to occur when calculating stock-based compensation expense. Additional information on our stock-based payment awards is included in
Note 9
.
Income Taxes
Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. We provide for federal, state, and foreign income taxes currently payable, as well as for those deferred due to timing differences between reporting income and expenses for financial statement purposes versus tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in income tax rates is recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment date. We routinely evaluate the likelihood of realizing the benefit of our deferred tax assets and may record a valuation allowance if, based on all available evidence, we determine that it is more likely than not that some portion of the tax benefit will not be realized.
We recognize the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than
50
% likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or