Chief Information Officer – eCommerce and Digital at Staples Inc. from May 2017 through November 2018. Prior to that role, he served in various technology, product and engineering leadership roles in the retail, energy and telecom sectors.
Item 11.  Executive Compensation.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled “Executive Compensation,” “Director Compensation,” and “Leadership Development and Compensation Committee Report” in our Proxy Statement; provided that the section entitled “Executive Compensation – Pay Versus Performance” in our Proxy Statement is not incorporated herein by reference.
Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled “Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock” and “Executive Compensation – Equity Compensation Plan Information” in our Proxy Statement.
Table
of
Contents
Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled “Corporate Governance” in our Proxy Statement.
Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services.
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled “Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm’s Fees” in our Proxy Statement.
PART IV
Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
The following documents are filed as part of this report:
1.
Financial Statements
The following financial statements are set forth in Item 8 hereof:
•
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (
KPMG LLP
,
Atlanta, GA
, Auditor Firm ID:
185
);
•
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of February 2, 2025 and January 28, 2024;
•
Consolidated Statements of Earnings for fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022;
•
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022;
•
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022;
•
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022; and
•
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
2.
Financial Statement Schedules
All schedules are omitted, as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in our consolidated financial statements or related notes.
3.
Exhibits
Exhibits not filed or furnished herewith are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC, as reflected in the table below. Our Current, Quarterly, and Annual Reports are filed with the SEC under File No. 1-8207. Our Registration Statements have the file numbers noted wherever such statements are identified in the following list of exhibits. We will furnish a copy of any exhibit to shareholders without charge upon written request to Investor Relations, The Home Depot, Inc., 2455 Paces Ferry Road, Atlanta,