seasonality, inventory management and category expansion, the timing of cash receipts and payments, vendor payment terms, and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $1.4 billion in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, primarily due to changes in working capital. Changes in working capital were primarily driven by more normalized inventory levels during fiscal 2024 compared to strategic reductions in inventory during fiscal 2023 within our Primary segment, partially offset by the timing of vendor payments and the deferral of our fourth quarter fiscal 2024 estimated federal tax payment to the first quarter of fiscal 2025 under automatic income tax relief provided by the IRS for taxpayers located in certain southeastern states.
Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities increased by $16.3 billion in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, primarily due to higher cash payments for businesses acquired in fiscal 2024, driven by our acquisition of SRS.
Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2024 primarily reflected $8.9 billion of cash dividends paid, $1.5 billion of repayments of long-term debt, and $649 million of share repurchases prior to pausing share repurchases in March 2024, largely offset by approximately $10.0 billion of net proceeds from long-term debt and $316 million of proceeds from commercial paper borrowings, net of repayments.
Cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2023 primarily reflected $8.4 billion of cash dividends paid, $8.0 billion of share repurchases, and $1.3 billion of repayments of long-term debt, partially offset by $2.0 billion of net proceeds from long-term debt.
The overall decrease in cash flows used in financing activities during fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 totaled $14.7 billion and was predominantly attributable to the financing of the SRS acquisition and the pause of share repurchases. Specifically, as discussed above, a combination of commercial paper borrowings, the $10.0 billion long-term debt issuance, along with increased cash on hand resulting from the pause of share repurchases, were utilized in connection with the SRS acquisition. The commercial paper borrowings which were used specifically to fund the SRS acquisition were all subsequently repaid during the year.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Our significant accounting policies are disclosed in
Note 1
to our consolidated financial statements. The following discussion addresses our most critical accounting estimates, which are those that are both important for the representation of our financial condition and