Island. The decree required certain changes to lead-safe work practices in our installation services business and provided for stipulated penalties for failure to perform by third-party installers. In the first quarter of fiscal 2023, the EPA informed us that it believes we owe certain penalties for violations by third-party installers of documentation requirements under the decree. We are engaged in discussions with the EPA regarding the basis for the stipulated penalties we allegedly owe under the decree. While we cannot predict the amount of stipulated penalties we may ultimately owe to the EPA under the decree, we do not expect it to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Further, we expect to recoup any amount we ultimately owe from corresponding fines we levy against our third-party installers.
As previously reported, in December 2023, the Home Depot received a notice of violation from the State of Washington Department of Ecology (the “DOE”) alleging sales to customers in Washington of a refrigerant that was generally prohibited from retail sale by the state in 2022. In June 2024, the DOE issued Home Depot a notice of penalty assessing a civil penalty of approximately $1.6 million for the alleged violations, which we resolved and paid.
Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not applicable.
Table
of
Contents
PART II
Item 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
Since April 19, 1984, our common stock has been listed on the NYSE, trading under the symbol “HD.” We paid our first cash dividend on June 22, 1987 and have paid a cash dividend during each subsequent quarter. While we currently expect a cash dividend to be paid in the future, future dividend payments are subject to declaration by our Board based on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, and other factors considered relevant by our Board.
At March 5, 2025, there were approximately 101,000 holders of record of our common stock and approximately 5,678,000 additional “street name” holders whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions.
STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH
The graph and table below present our cumulative total shareholder returns relative to the performance of the S&P 500 Consumer Discretionary Distribution & Retail Index (the “S&P Retail Composite Index”) and the S&P 500 Index for the five most recent fiscal years. The graph assumes $100 was invested at the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE and in each index on the last trading day of the fiscal year ended February 2, 2020 and assumes that all dividends were reinvested on the date paid. The points on the graph represent fiscal year-end amounts based on the last trading day in each fiscal year.
Table
of
Contents
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
The following table presents the number and average price of shares purchased by