and January 28, 2024, our performance obligations for unredeemed gift cards were $
1.0
billion and $
1.1
billion, respectively. Gift card breakage income, which is our estimate of the portion of our outstanding gift card balance not expected to be redeemed, is recognized in net sales and was immaterial during the three and nine months ended October 27, 2024 and October 29, 2023.
3.
PROPERTY AND LEASES
Net Property and Equipment
Net property and equipment included accumulated depreciation and finance lease amortization of $
28.6
billion as of
October 27, 2024 and $
27.1
billion as of January 28, 2024.
Leases
The following table presents the consolidated balance sheet classification related to operating and finance leases:
—————
(1)   Finance lease assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of $
1.4
billion as of October 27, 2024 and $
1.2
billion as of January 28, 2024.
The following table presents supplemental non-cash information related to leases:
Table of
Contents
4.
GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Goodwill
The following table presents the changes in the carrying amount of our goodwill:
—————
(1)    Fiscal 2024 activity represents the preliminary determination of goodwill related to the SRS acquisition, as well as other immaterial acquisitions completed by SRS during the third quarter of fiscal 2024. See
Note 10
for details regarding the SRS acquisition.
(2)     Primarily reflects the net impact of foreign currency translation as well as immaterial measurement period adjustments related to fiscal 2023 acquisitions.
During the third quarter of fiscal 2024, we completed our annual assessment of the recoverability of goodwill for our U.S., Canada, and Mexico reporting units that reside within our Primary segment. As the results of our most recent quantitative analysis in fiscal 2023 indicated that the fair value of each reporting unit substantially exceeded its respective carrying value, we performed a qualitative assessment to determine if there were any indicators of impairment. Based on this assessment, we concluded that while there have been events and circumstances that have both positively and negatively impacted our reporting units, no single factor or combination of factors is an indicator that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of these reporting units was less than its carrying amount.
Additionally, following the completion of the SRS acquisition, we now have
three
new reporting units which align with our SRS operating segments: roofing and complementary building products, landscape, and pool. As a result of the recency of the acquisition to our annual assessment date, these reporting units were also analyzed for impairment during the third quarter of fiscal 2024 using a qualitative approach. Based on this analysis, we concluded that there were no events or circumstances that would indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of these reporting units was less than its carrying amount.