productivity, we leverage Computer Vision in our U.S. Home Depot stores, which provides greater visibility into where product is located, including both on the shelves and in the overhead space, enabling strategically-directed tasking and improving on-shelf availability.
Investing in Safety.
We remain committed to maintaining a safe shopping and working environment for our customers and associates. We accomplish this by creating a strong culture of safety, building on our core value of Taking Care of Our People, that starts from the top with engaged leaders who empower associates to make decisions that prioritize the safety of everyone. We use data to identify areas of greatest risk, including emerging risks, and invest in tools, equipment and technology to reduce those risks in our packaging, processes, and behaviors. Our associate training and awareness initiatives target individual roles and responsibilities, integrating with overall strategies that promote physical and psychological safety and mental wellness.
We empower trained EH&S associates to continuously evaluate, develop, implement and enforce policies, processes and programs in our stores, facilities and offices across the Company. Our EH&S policies are woven into our everyday operations for site, district and regional teams, and integrate with operating platforms to provide safety line-of-sight to all leaders and associates. Common program elements include daily store inspection checklists; routine follow-up audits from our store-based safety team members; preventative maintenance programs to promote equipment and physical space safety; and departmental merchandising safety standards.
Table
of
Contents
OUR SUPPLY CHAIN
We continue to focus on building best-in-class competitive advantages in our supply chain to be responsive to our customers’ expectations for how, when and where they choose to receive our products and services. As part of enhancing the interconnected shopping experience, we continue to invest in our supply chain network, with the goal of achieving the fastest, most efficient and most reliable delivery capabilities in home improvement. Our efforts are focused on ensuring product availability and increasing the speed and reliability of delivery for our customers while managing our costs. Our supply chain investments have helped us to operate effectively and meet our customers’ needs, even with the challenging economic environment over the past few years.
We centrally forecast and replenish the vast majority of our Home Depot store products through sophisticated inventory management systems and utilize our network of distribution centers to serve both our stores’ and customers’ needs. Our supply chain includes multiple distribution center platforms in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico tailored to meet the needs of our stores and customers based on types of products, location, transportation, and delivery requirements. These include rapid deployment centers, stocking