assess whether an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception of the contract.
Our leases include certain retail locations, warehouse and distribution space, office space, equipment, and vehicles. A substantial majority of our leases have remaining lease terms of
one
to
20
years. Our real estate leases typically provide the option to extend the lease for
five-year
terms, and some of our leases include early termination options. The lease term used to calculate the right-of-use asset and lease liability at commencement includes the impacts of options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. When determining whether it is reasonably certain that we will exercise an option at commencement, we consider various existing economic factors, including market conditions, real estate strategies, the nature, length, and terms of the agreement, as well as the uncertainty of the condition of leased equipment at the end of the lease term. Based on these determinations, we generally conclude that the exercise of renewal options would not be reasonably certain in determining the lease term at commencement.
The discount rate used to calculate the present value of lease payments is the rate implicit in the lease, when readily determinable. As the rate implicit in the lease is rarely readily determinable, we use a secured incremental borrowing rate, which is updated on a quarterly basis, as the discount rate for the present value of lease payments.
Real estate taxes, insurance, maintenance, and operating expenses applicable to the leased asset are generally our obligations under our lease agreements. In instances where these payments are fixed, they are included in the measurement of our lease liabilities, and when variable, they are excluded and recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. Certain of our lease agreements also include rental payments based on an index or rate, and others include rental payments based on a percentage of sales. For variable payments dependent upon an index or rate, we apply the active index or rate as of the lease commencement date. Variable lease payments not based on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of our lease liabilities, as they cannot be reasonably estimated, and are recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred.
Leases that have a term of twelve months or less upon commencement are considered short-term in nature. Short-term leases are not included on the consolidated balance sheets and are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term. We have also elected to not separate lease and non-lease components for certain classes of assets including real estate and certain equipment.
Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.
Business Combinations
The assets and liabilities of acquired businesses are recorded at