suppliers’ products, which in turn could adversely affect our relationships with certain of our suppliers. Any failure to appropriately address some or all of these risks could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Table
of
Contents
If we are unable to effectively manage our installation services business, we could lose sales and be subject to fines, lawsuits, reputational damage or the loss of our general contractor licenses.
We act as a general contractor to provide installation services to our DIFM customers through professional third-party licensed and insured installers. As such, we are subject to regulatory requirements and risks applicable to general contractors, which include management of background checks, licensing, permitting, and handling of environmental risks, as well as quality of work performed by our third-party installers. We have established processes and procedures to manage these requirements and manage customer satisfaction with the services provided by our third-party installers. However, as we experienced in part with the EPA investigation and the resulting consent decree in April 2021, and the subsequent discussions with the EPA regarding compliance with the consent decree, if we fail to manage these processes effectively, collect the appropriate documentation, perform regular job site inspections, or provide proper oversight of these services, we could lose sales or face fines or lawsuits, including governmental enforcement actions for violations of regulatory requirements, as well as claims for property damage or personal injury. In addition, we may suffer damage to our reputation or the loss of our general contractor licenses, which could adversely affect our business.
LEGAL, FINANCIAL, REGULATORY, GLOBAL AND OTHER EXTERNAL RISKS
Uncertainty regarding the housing and home improvement markets, economic conditions, political and social climate, public health issues, and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business, and our financial performance.
Our financial performance depends significantly on the stability of the housing and home improvement markets, as well as general economic conditions, including changes in gross domestic product. Adverse conditions in or uncertainty about these markets, the economy, or the political or social climate could adversely impact, and we believe in some cases has adversely impacted, our customers’ confidence or financial condition, causing them to decide against purchasing home improvement products and services, causing them to delay purchasing decisions, or impacting their ability to pay for products and services. Other factors beyond our control – including unemployment and foreclosure rates; inventory loss due to theft (including as a result of organized retail crime); inflation or deflation; interest rate fluctuations, including