medical, and automobile claims. We recognize the expected ultimate cost for claims incurred (undiscounted) at the balance sheet date as a liability. The expected ultimate cost for claims incurred is estimated based upon analysis of historical data and actuarial estimates. We also maintain cybersecurity and privacy liability insurance coverage to help limit our exposure to losses such as those that may be caused by a significant compromise or breach of our data security, as well as property loss coverage. Our self-insurance liabilities, which are included in accrued salaries and related expenses, other accrued expenses, and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, were $
1.5
billion at February 2, 2025, and $
1.4
billion at January 28, 2024.
Treasury Stock
Treasury stock is reflected as a reduction of stockholders’ equity at cost. We use the weighted average purchase cost to determine the cost of treasury stock that is reissued, if any. Excise taxes incurred on share repurchases represent direct costs of the repurchase and are recorded as a part of the cost basis of the shares within treasury stock.
Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenue, net of expected returns and sales tax, at the time the customer takes possession of merchandise or when a service is performed. Our liability for sales returns is estimated based on historical return levels and our expectation of future returns. We also recognize a return asset, and corresponding adjustment to cost of sales, for our right to recover the goods returned by the customer, measured at the former carrying amount of the goods, less any expected recovery cost. At each financial reporting date, we assess our estimates of expected returns, refund liabilities, and return assets.
Services revenue is generated through a variety of installation, home maintenance, and professional service programs. In these programs, the customer selects and purchases material for a project, and we provide or arrange for professional installation. These programs are offered through our stores, online, and in-home sales programs. Under certain programs, when we provide or arrange for the installation of a project and the subcontractor provides material as part of the installation, both the material and labor are included in services revenue. We recognize services revenue when the service for the customer is complete, which is not materially different from recognizing the revenue over the service period as the substantial majority of our services are completed within one week.
For products and services sold in stores or online, payment is typically due at the point of sale. When we receive payment before the customer has taken possession of the merchandise or the service has been performed, the amount received is recorded as deferred revenue until the sale or service is complete. Such performance obligations are part of contracts with expected original durations of typically three months or less. As of