of suppliers and organizations to further support our efforts to strengthen the communities in which our customers and associates live.
GOVERNMENT REGULATION
As a company with both U.S. and international operations, we are subject to the laws of the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations, or competitive position as compared to prior periods.
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
Our primary internet website is www.homedepot.com. We make available on the Investor Relations section of our website, free of charge, our Annual Reports to shareholders, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements, and Forms 3, 4 and 5 for our directors and certain of our officers, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such documents with, or furnishing such documents to, the SEC.
We include website addresses throughout this report for reference only. The information contained on these websites, including any document posted on or accessible through them, is not incorporated by reference into this report.
Item 1A.  Risk Factors.
Our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. In connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other filings with the SEC. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impact our business operations. Should any of these risks materialize, our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects could be negatively impacted, which in turn could affect the trading value of our securities. You should read these Risk Factors in conjunction with
Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8.
STRATEGIC RISKS
Strong competition could adversely affect prices and demand for our products and services and could decrease our market share.
Our industry is highly competitive, highly fragmented, and evolving. As a result, we face competition for customers for our products and services from a variety of retailers, suppliers, service providers, and distributors and manufacturers that sell products directly to their respective customer bases.
These competitors range from traditional brick-and-mortar, to multichannel, to exclusively online, and they include a number of other home improvement retailers; local, regional and national hardware stores; electrical, plumbing