following the acquisition. See
Note
13
to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the SRS acquisition.
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of February 2, 2025 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein.
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
We are in the process of an ongoing business transformation initiative, which includes upgrading and migrating certain accounting and finance systems. We plan to continue to migrate additional business processes over the course of the next few years and have modified and will continue to modify the design and implementation of certain internal control processes as the transformation continues.
Except as described above, there were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended February 2, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Table
of
Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
The Home Depot, Inc.:
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited The Home Depot, Inc. and its subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of February 2, 2025, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of February 2, 2025, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of February 2, 2025 and January 28, 2024, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended February 2, 2025, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated March 20, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.
The Company acquired SRS Distribution Inc. (SRS) during fiscal 2024 and management excluded SRS from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of February 2, 2025. SRS represents approximately 7% of the Company’s consolidated total assets, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, and approximately 4% of the Company’s consolidated net sales as of and for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2025. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also