distribution centers, bulk distribution centers, flatbed distribution centers, and direct fulfillment centers, among others. Over the past several years, we have invested to further automate and mechanize our rapid deployment center network to drive greater efficiency and faster movement of product.
We are also continuing to enhance our supply chain network with our expanded fulfillment facilities designed to drive speed and reliability of delivery for our customers. In many markets, we offer same day or next day delivery of a multitude of products through our stores and fulfillment centers. We also have omni-channel fulfillment centers that deliver product directly to customers, and market delivery operations that function as local hubs to consolidate freight for dispatch to customers for the final mile of delivery, with a focus on appliances. We have invested in our capabilities to control more of our appliance delivery end-to-end, manage all of our appliance delivery volume through our market delivery operations, and expand our last mile delivery capacity. We have also opened additional flatbed distribution centers that handle large items like lumber and building materials that are transported on flatbed trucks. Our network is designed to create a competitive advantage with unique, industry-leading capabilities for home improvement needs for both our Pros and consumers. We will continue to invest in our supply chain network as needed to support our business.
In addition to our distribution and fulfillment centers, we leverage our stores as a network of convenient customer pickup, return, and delivery fulfillment locations. We believe our premium real estate footprint provides a distinct structural and competitive advantage. For customers who shop online and want to pick up or return merchandise at a store, or have product delivered from a store, we have four interconnected retail programs: BOSS, BOPIS, BODFS, and BORIS. We also provide curbside pickup to complement our BOPIS offerings, in addition to the self-service lockers at the front entrance of many of our stores. We also offer car and van delivery service from the majority of our U.S. stores. For fiscal 2024, approximately 50% of our U.S. online orders were fulfilled through a store. SRS branch locations throughout the U.S. also enable deliveries direct to customer job sites on their preferred timelines. We continue to focus on developing new capabilities to improve both efficiency and customer experience for delivery from our stores and branches. Our strategic intent is to have a portfolio of efficient, timely and reliable sources and methods of delivery to choose from, optimizing order fulfillment and delivery based on customer needs, inventory locations, and available transportation options.
SUSTAINABILITY AND HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
We view sustainability and human capital management matters through the lens of our business, with an understanding that if we support our associates,