intangible assets will have different useful lives.
The preliminary fair values and estimated useful lives of identifiable intangible assets are as follows:
The goodwill arising from the acquisition is calculated as the excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired and is attributable to anticipated (i) growth acceleration in the residential professional customer market; (ii) expansion in high growth verticals including roofing; (iii) additional addressable market opportunities; (iv) enhanced delivery network capabilities; and (v) growth in sales force. We expect approximately $
1.0
billion of goodwill related to the acquisition to be deductible for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes. At this time, all preliminary goodwill recognized has been allocated to our
three
SRS reporting units and no goodwill currently resides in our Primary segment.
Table of
Contents
We have completed preliminary valuation analyses necessary to assess the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the amount of goodwill to be recognized as of the acquisition date. These fair values were based on management’s estimates and assumptions; however, the amounts indicated above are preliminary in nature and are subject to adjustment as additional information is obtained about the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. Accordingly, there may be adjustments to the assigned values of acquired assets and liabilities. The primary areas that remain preliminary include, but are not limited to, intangible assets, including the preliminary assumptions used in their estimates of fair values and their respective estimated useful lives, the valuation of certain tangible assets, income taxes, and residual goodwill. The final determination of the fair values, purchase consideration, related income tax impacts and residual goodwill will be completed as soon as practicable, and within the measurement period of up to one year from the acquisition date as permitted under GAAP. Any adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period will be recorded in the reporting period in which the adjustment is determined. Measurement period adjustments recognized during the third quarter of fiscal 2024 were immaterial.
Results of Operations.
Net sales attributable to SRS since the completion of the acquisition and included within our results of operations for the three and nine months ended October 27, 2024 totaled $
2.9
billion and $
4.2
billion, respectively. Net earnings attributable to SRS since the completion of the acquisition and included within our results of operations for both the three and nine months ended October 27, 2024 were immaterial.
Pro forma results of operations would not be materially different as a result of the acquisition and therefore are not presented.
Table of
Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
The Home Depot,