needs while
Table
of
Contents
controlling labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including increased market pressures with respect to prevailing wage rates, unemployment levels, and health and other insurance costs; the impact of legislation or regulations governing labor relations, employment, immigration, minimum wage, and healthcare benefits; changing demographics and expectations among the workforce; public health concerns; and our reputation within the labor market. We also compete with other retail businesses for many of our associates in hourly positions, and we invest significant resources in training and motivating them to maintain a high level of job satisfaction. These positions often have high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. We have faced and may continue to face additional challenges in recruiting and retaining associates due to wage pressure; flexible scheduling needs; health and safety concerns; and challenges related to a remote or
hybrid working
environment for associates who work in our store support centers. These factors, together with competition among potential employers, have resulted in and may continue to result in increased compensation costs, and/or may impair our ability to recruit and retain associates, which could have an adverse impact on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. A limited number of our associates at SRS are represented by labor unions, and we are also subject to labor union efforts to organize groups of our associates from time to time. If successful, those organizational efforts may decrease our operational flexibility and efficiency, and/or otherwise negatively impact our operations or reputation.
In addition, to execute our interconnected retail strategy, including our supply chain investments, we must attract and retain a large number of skilled professionals, including technology professionals, to implement our ongoing technology and other investments. The market for these professionals is very competitive. An inability to provide wages and/or benefits, including remote or hybrid work flexibility, that are competitive within the markets in which we operate could adversely affect our ability to retain and attract associates.
Additionally, our ability to successfully execute organizational changes, including management transitions within the Company’s senior leadership, and to effectively motivate and retain associates is critical to our business success. If we are unable to attract, develop or retain qualified associates, or manage leadership transitions successfully, our ability to effectively manage our strategy may be negatively impacted, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease, and our financial performance may be adversely affected.
A failure of one or more key information technology systems or processes could adversely affect our