and building materials supply houses; and lumber yards. With respect to some products and services, we also compete
Table
of
Contents
with specialty design stores, showrooms, discount stores, paint stores, specialty and mass digital retailers, warehouse clubs, MRO distributors, national and local wholesale supply distributors, home décor retailers, and other retailers, as well as with providers of home improvement services and tool and equipment rental. The internet facilitates competitive entry, price transparency, and comparison shopping, increasing the level of competition we face.
We compete primarily based on customer experience; price; quality; product availability, assortment, and innovation; and delivery options and capabilities, both in-store and online. We also compete based on store and branch location and appearance, presentation of merchandise, and ease of shopping experience throughout every step of the project, from inspiration and research to any post-purchase support. Our Pros also look for dedicated sales support, competitive credit and pricing options, project planning tools, product depth and job lot quantities, particularly for their complex purchase needs. Furthermore, with respect to delivery options, customers are seeking faster and/or guaranteed delivery times, low-price or free shipping, and/or convenient pickup options. Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options and costs depends on many factors, including leveraging the momentum of our investments in our supply chain and our interconnected retail capabilities to further enhance the customer shopping experience. Failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive delivery and pickup options could negatively impact the demand for our products and services and our profit margins.
We use our marketing, advertising and promotional programs to drive customer traffic and compete more effectively, and we must regularly assess and adjust our efforts to address changes in the competitive landscape. Intense competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors, such as through aggressive promotional pricing or liquidation events, or our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape, could adversely affect our prices, our margins, or demand for our products and services. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to these competitive pressures, including through the delivery of a superior interconnected customer experience or through maintenance of effective sales and marketing, advertising or promotional programs leveraging both our digital and physical platforms, our market share and our financial performance could be adversely affected. If we experience inflation or deflation at a level beyond our ability to respond effectively, we may not be able to adjust prices to sufficiently offset the effects without negatively impacting demand or margins, as applicable, or it may adversely affect our