access to the long-term debt capital markets should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements, any required debt payments, and satisfaction of other contractual obligations, but also to enable us to invest in the business, fund dividend payments, and fund any share repurchases through the next several fiscal years. In addition, we believe that we have the ability to obtain alternative sources of financing, if necessary.
Table of
Contents
Our material cash requirements include contractual and other obligations arising in the normal course of business. These obligations primarily include long-term debt and related interest payments, operating and finance lease obligations, and purchase obligations. In addition to our cash requirements, we follow a disciplined approach to capital allocation. This approach first prioritizes investing in the business, followed by paying dividends, with the intent of then returning excess cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. In March 2024, we paused share repurchases in anticipation of the acquisition of SRS. We do not currently plan to resume share repurchases until we have used our excess cash to reduce our outstanding debt.
During the first nine months of fiscal 2024, we invested approximately $2.4 billion back into our business in the form of capital expenditures. For fiscal 2024, in line with our expectation of approximately two percent of net sales on an annual basis, we plan to invest approximately $3.0 billion to $3.5 billion back into our business in the form of capital expenditures, with investments focused on new stores and improving the customer experience, including through technology and development of other differentiated capabilities. However, we may adjust our capital expenditures to support the operations of the business, to enhance long-term strategic positioning, or in response to the economic environment, as necessary or appropriate.
In February 2024, we announced a 7.7% increase in our quarterly cash dividend from $2.09 to $2.25 per share. During the first nine months of fiscal 2024, we paid cash dividends of $6.7 billion to shareholders. We intend to pay a dividend in the future; however, any future dividend is subject to declaration by our Board of Directors based on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, and other factors considered relevant by our Board of Directors.
In August 2023, our Board of Directors approved a $15.0 billion share repurchase authorization that replaced the previous authorization of $15.0 billion, which was approved in August 2022. The August 2023 authorization does not have a prescribed expiration date. As of October 27, 2024, approximately $11.7 billion of the $15.0 billion share repurchase authorization remained available. During the first nine months of fiscal 2024, we had cash payments of $649 million for repurchases of our common stock through open market purchases, prior to pausing share repurchases in March 2024 as