par value, and can determine the number of shares of each series, and the rights, preferences, and limitations of each series. At December 31, 2024, there was
no
preferred stock outstanding.
NOTE 19.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
The Company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign government requirements relating to the protection of the environment. The Company believes that, as a general matter, the Company's policies, practices, and procedures are properly designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and personal injury and that the handling, manufacture, use, and disposal of hazardous substances are in accordance with environmental and safety laws and regulations. However, mainly because of past operations and operations of predecessor companies, the Company, like other companies engaged in similar businesses, incurred remedial response and voluntary cleanup costs for site contamination and is a party to lawsuits and claims associated with environmental and safety matters, including past production of products containing hazardous substances. Additional lawsuits, claims, and costs involving environmental matters are likely to continue to arise in the future.
With respect to environmental matters involving site contamination, the Company continually conducts studies, individually or jointly with other potentially responsible parties, to determine the feasibility of various remedial techniques. It is the Company's policy to record appropriate liabilities for environmental matters when remedial efforts or damage claim payments are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. Such liabilities are based on the Company's best estimate of the undiscounted future costs required to complete the remedial work. The recorded liabilities are adjusted periodically as remediation efforts progress or as additional technical, regulatory, or legal information becomes available. Given the uncertainties regarding the status of laws, regulations, enforcement policies, the impact of other potentially responsible parties, technology, and information related to individual sites, the Company does not believe it is possible to develop an estimate of the range of reasonably possible environmental loss in excess of the Company's recorded liabilities. The Company expects to fund expenditures for these matters from operating cash flows. The timing of cash expenditures depends on a number of factors, including the timing of remedial investigations and feasibility studies, the timing of litigation and settlements of remediation liability, personal injury and property damage claims, regulatory approval of cleanup projects, remedial techniques to be utilized, and agreements with other parties.
The following table summarizes information concerning the Company's recorded liabilities for environmental costs:
Environmental liabilities are included in the following balance sheet accounts:
The Company does not currently