to change due to new developments, changes in settlement strategy or the impact of evidentiary requirements, which could cause the Company to pay damage awards or settlements (or become subject to equitable remedies) that could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations or operating cash flows in the periods recognized or paid.
WARRANTIES AND GUARANTEES
In the normal course of business, the Company issues product warranties and product performance guarantees. The Company accrues for the estimated cost of product warranties and performance guarantees based on contract terms and historical experience at the time of sale. Adjustments to initial obligations for warranties and guarantees are made as changes to the obligations become reasonably estimable.
The following table summarizes information concerning the Company's recorded obligations for product warranties and product performance guarantees:
Product warranties and product performance guarantees are included in the following balance sheet accounts:
NOTE 20.
PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS
The Company sponsors a number of both funded and unfunded U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans. Pension benefits for many of the Company's U.S. employees are provided through non-contributory, qualified, and non-qualified defined benefit plans. All non-union hourly and salaried employees joining Honeywell for the first time after December 31, 2012, are not eligible to participate in Honeywell’s U.S. defined benefit pension plans. The Company also sponsors defined benefit pension plans which cover non-U.S. employees who are not U.S. citizens, in certain jurisdictions, principally the UK, Netherlands, Germany, and Canada. Other pension plans outside of the U.S. are not material to the Company either individually or in the aggregate.
The Company sponsors postretirement benefit plans that provide health care benefits and life insurance coverage mainly to U.S. eligible retirees. None of Honeywell’s U.S. employees are eligible for a retiree medical subsidy from the Company. In addition, the vast majority of Honeywell’s U.S. retirees either have no Company subsidy or have a fixed-dollar subsidy amount. This significantly limits the Company's exposure to the impact of future health care cost increases. The retiree medical and life insurance plans are not funded. Claims and expenses are paid from the Company's cash flows from operations.
100
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
The following tables summarize the balance sheet impact, including the benefit obligations, assets, and funded status associated with the Company's significant pension and other postretirement benefit plans:
101
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions,