Carolina
February 14, 2025
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014.
115
Honeywell International Inc.
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Honeywell management maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the specified time periods and accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There have been no changes that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Honeywell’s internal control over financial reporting that have occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2024.
Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2024. Based on these evaluations, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2024.
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Honeywell management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Honeywell’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Management assessed the effectiveness of Honeywell’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in
Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013)
.
Based on this assessment,
management determined that Honeywell maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024.
In accordance with guidance issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission, companies are allowed to exclude acquisitions from their assessment of internal control over financial reporting during the first year in which the acquisition occurred. Management’s assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, excluded Air Products' liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment business, CAES