Note 1
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of additional income tax policies.
42
Honeywell International Inc.
Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets
—The Company’s business combinations typically result in the recognition of goodwill and intangible assets. The Company generally engages an independent third-party valuation specialist for assistance in the allocation of the purchase price and determination of the fair value of goodwill and intangible assets, which involves the use of accounting estimates and assumptions based on information available at or near the acquisition date. The Company believes the accounting estimates and assumptions are reasonable based on information available at the date of acquisition through historical experience and information obtained from management of the acquired entity; however, there is inherent uncertainty in the accounting estimates as assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions.
Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized, but are subject to annual, or more frequent, if necessary, impairment testing. In testing goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, the fair value is estimated utilizing a discounted cash flow approach, including strategic and annual operating plans, adjusted for terminal value assumptions. These impairment tests involve the use of accounting estimates and assumptions, and changes to those assumptions could materially impact our financial condition or operating performance if actual results differ from such accounting estimates and assumptions. To address this uncertainty, we perform sensitivity analyses on key accounting estimates and assumptions. Once the fair value is determined, if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, it is impaired. Any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying amount and its fair value.
Definite-Lived Intangible Assets
—The Company’s business combinations typically result in the recognition of customer relationships, patents, and trademarks, in addition to other definite-lived intangible assets. The determination of fair value for definite-lived intangible assets, useful lives for amortization purposes and whether or not intangible assets are impaired involves the use of accounting estimates and assumptions. The assumptions used in developing the accounting estimates may include business growth rates, sales volume, selling prices and costs, cash flows, and the discount rate selected. Changes to those assumptions could materially impact our financial condition or operating performance if actual results differ from such estimates and assumptions.
We evaluate the recoverability of the carrying amount of our definite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a definite-lived intangible asset group may