measures they take will be sufficient to protect any information we share with them or prevent any disruption arising from a technology failure, cyber-attack, or other information or security breach. We depend on such parties to implement adequate controls and safeguards to protect against and report cyber incidents. If such parties fail to deter, detect, or report cybersecurity incidents in a timely manner, we may suffer from financial and other harm, including to our information, operations, performance, employees, and reputation.
32
Honeywell International Inc.
The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident and its effects include financial loss, reputational damage, litigation with third parties, theft of intellectual property, fines levied by the Federal Trade Commission or other government agencies, diminution in the value of our investment in research, development, and engineering, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs due to the increasing sophistication and proliferation of threats, which in turn could have a material impact on our competitiveness, business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, cybersecurity laws and regulations continue to evolve, and are increasingly demanding, both in the U.S. and globally, which adds compliance complexity and may increase our costs of compliance and expose us to reputational damage or litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, or fines in one or more jurisdictions. We cannot be certain that our cybersecurity insurance coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim.
The development of technology products and services presents security and safety risks.
An increasing number of our products, services, and technologies are delivered with IoT capabilities and the accompanying interconnected device networks, which include sensors, data, and advanced computing capabilities. We have developed product software designs that we believe are less susceptible to cyber-attacks, but despite these efforts, if our products and services that include IoT solutions, inclusive of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies, do not work as intended or are compromised, the possible consequences include financial loss, reputational damage, exposure to legal claims or enforcement actions, theft of intellectual property, and diminution in the value of our investment in research, development, and engineering, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations.
Data privacy, data protection, and information security may require significant resources and present certain risks.
We collect, store, have access to, and otherwise process certain confidential or sensitive data, including proprietary business information, personal data,