sold and the cash received is recorded in Cost of products and services sold in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The impact of this program is not material to our overall liquidity.
Additionally, we continue to assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit, and cash flow contribution in order to identify target investment and acquisition opportunities in order to upgrade our combined portfolio. We identify acquisition candidates that will further our strategic plan and strengthen our existing core businesses. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we acquired Access Solutions for total consideration of $4.9 billion, net of cash acquired, CAES for total consideration of $1.9 billion, net of cash acquired, LNG for $1.8 billion, net of cash acquired, and Civitanavi Systems S.p.A. for total consideration of $200 million, net of cash acquired. We also identify businesses that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan based on their market position, relative profitability, or growth potential. These businesses are considered for potential divestiture, restructuring, or other repositioning actions, subject to regulatory constraints. On October 8, 2024, we announced our intention to spin off the Advanced Materials business into an independent, U.S. publicly traded company, which is targeted to be completed by the end of 2025 or early 2026. In addition, on November 22, 2024, we announced an agreement to sell our personal protective equipment business for $1.3 billion, with the assets and liabilities of the business classified as held for sale until the closing date of a sale. On February 6, 2025, the Company announced its intention to separate its Automation and Aerospace Technologies businesses into independent, U.S. publicly traded companies. See Note 2
Acquisitions, Divestitures
,
and Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion.
38
Honeywell International Inc.
Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our future operating cash needs for at least the next twelve months. Our available cash, committed credit lines, and access to the public debt and equity markets provide additional sources of short-term and long-term liquidity to fund current operations, debt maturities, and future investment opportunities. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, our net cash provided by financing activities included proceeds of $10.4 billion from the issuance of long-term debt primarily to fund the Access Solutions, CAES, LNG, and Civitanavi Systems S.p.A. acquisitions.
See Note 9
Long-term Debt and Credit Agreements
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of items impacting our liquidity.
BORROWINGS
We leverage a variety of debt instruments to manage our overall borrowing costs. As of December 31, 2024, and 2023,