estimate option exercise activity and post-vest termination behavior. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.
The following table summarizes the impact to the Consolidated Statement of Operations from stock options:
The following table sets forth fair value per share information, including related weighted average assumptions, used to determine compensation cost:
88
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
The following table summarizes information about stock option activity for the three years ended December 31, 2024:
The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2024:
There were
9.6
million and
9.5
million options exercisable at weighted average exercise prices of $
138.24
and $
127.99
as of
December 31, 2023
, and
2022
, respectively.
The following table summarizes the financial statement impact from stock options exercised:
At December 31, 2024, there was $
91
million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option awards which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of
2.49
years. The total fair value of options vested for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, was $
49
million, $
48
million, and $
49
million, respectively.
89
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
Restricted stock unit (RSU) awards entitle the holder to receive
one
share of common stock for each unit when the units vest. RSUs are issued to certain key employees and directors as compensation at fair market value at the date of grant. RSUs generally become fully vested over periods ranging from
three
to
six years
and are payable in Honeywell common stock upon vesting. Certain RSU awards are performance-based and awarded to eligible employees which entitle the grantee to receive shares of common stock if specified Company performance goals are achieved during the performance period and if the grantee remains employed through the vesting period.
The following table summarizes information about RSU activity for the three years ended December 31, 2024:
As of December 31, 2024, there was approximately $
236
million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs granted under the Company's stock plans which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of
1.88
years.
The following table summarizes the impact to the Consolidated Statement of Operations from RSUs:
90
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
NOTE 16.