environmental damage is, however, inherent in some of our operations and products, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses.
We engage in the handling, manufacturing, use, and disposal of many substances classified as hazardous by one or more regulatory agencies. We design policies, practices, and procedures to prevent unreasonable risk of personal injury or environmental damage, and to ensure that our handling, manufacture, use, and disposal of these substances meet or exceed environmental and safety laws and regulations. It is possible that future knowledge or other developments, such as improved capability to detect substances in the environment or increasingly strict environmental laws and standards and enforcement policies, could bring into question our current or past handling, manufacture, use, or disposal of these substances.
Among other environmental requirements, we are subject to the Federal Superfund and similar state and foreign laws and regulations, under which we have been designated as a potentially responsible party that may be liable for cleanup costs associated with current and former operating sites and various hazardous waste sites, some of which are on the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s National Priority List. While there is a possibility that a responsible party might be unable to obtain appropriate contribution from other responsible parties, we do not anticipate having to bear significantly more than our proportional share in multi-party situations taken as a whole.
We do not believe that federal, state, and local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, or any existing or pending climate change legislation, regulation, or international treaties or accords are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect in the foreseeable future on our business and we will continue to monitor emerging developments in this area.
Beyond our compliance requirements with environmental regulations, compliance with other government regulations has not had, and based on laws and regulations currently in effect, is not expected to have a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. See the section titled
Risk Factors
for additional information on government regulation that could impact our business.
9
Honeywell International Inc.
SUSTAINABILITY COMMITMENTS
Our commitment to being environmentally responsible is reflected in the extensive work we do to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, increase energy efficiency, conserve water, minimize waste, manage air emissions, and drive efficiency throughout our operations. Our operating system – which drives sustainable improvements and the elimination of waste in our manufacturing operations – is a critical component in how we approach environmental stewardship within Honeywell.
We commit resources each year to projects that support these