any single customer. The Company's sales are not materially dependent on a single customer or a small group of customers.
INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT
Financial instruments, including derivatives, expose the Company to market risk related to changes in interest rates. The Company uses a combination of financial instruments, including long-term, medium-term, and short-term financing, variable-rate commercial paper, and interest rate swaps to convert the interest rate mix of the Company's total debt portfolio and related overall cost of borrowing.
FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK MANAGEMENT
The Company operates a global business in a wide variety of foreign currencies. The Company's exposure to market risk for changes in foreign currency exchange rates arises from international financing activities between subsidiaries, foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, and transactions arising from international trade. The Company's objective is to preserve the U.S. dollar value of foreign currency denominated cash flows and earnings. The Company monitors its collective foreign currency exposure and enters into foreign currency exchange forward and option contracts (foreign currency exchange contracts) with third parties, when necessary, to minimize the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
The Company has monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies. Prior to conversion into U.S. dollars, these assets and liabilities are remeasured at spot exchange rates as of the balance sheet date. The Company recognizes effects of changes in spot rates in Other (income) expense.
82
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
The Company uses foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge foreign currency exposure. These contracts are marked-to-market in net income and offset gains and losses on the non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities being hedged. The Company also uses foreign currency contracts to hedge forecasted sales and purchases, which are denominated in non-functional currencies. Changes in the forecasted non-functional currency cash flows due to movements in exchange rates are substantially offset by changes in the fair value of these foreign currency exchange contracts designated as hedges. Market value gains and losses on these contracts are recognized in earnings when the hedged transaction is recognized. As of December 31, 2024, and 2023, the Company held contracts with notional amounts of $
10,008
million and $
8,910
million, respectively, to exchange foreign currencies, principally the U.S. dollar, euro, Canadian dollar, British pound, Mexican peso, Chinese renminbi, and Indian rupee.
The Company also designates certain foreign currency debt and derivative contracts as hedges against portions of its net investment in foreign operations. Gains or