NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
NARCO and Bendix asbestos-related balances are included in the following balance sheet accounts:
NARCO Products
– NARCO manufactured high-grade, heat-resistant, refractory products for various industries. Honeywell’s predecessor, Allied Corporation, owned NARCO from 1979 to 1986. Allied Corporation sold the NARCO business in 1986 and entered into a cross-indemnity agreement which included an obligation to indemnify the purchaser for asbestos claims, arising primarily from alleged occupational exposure to asbestos-containing refractory brick and mortar for high-temperature applications. NARCO ceased manufacturing these products in 1980 and filed for bankruptcy in January 2002, at which point in time all then current and future NARCO asbestos claims were stayed against both NARCO and Honeywell pending the reorganization of NARCO. The Company established its initial liability for NARCO asbestos claims in 2002.
NARCO emerged from bankruptcy in April 2013, at which time a federally authorized 524(g) trust was established to evaluate and resolve all existing NARCO asbestos claims (the Trust). Both Honeywell and NARCO are protected by a permanent channeling injunction barring all present and future individual actions in state or federal courts and requiring all asbestos-related claims based on exposure to NARCO asbestos-containing products to be made against the Trust (Channeling Injunction). The NARCO Trust Agreement (TA) and the NARCO Trust Distribution Procedures (TDP) set forth the structure and operating rules of the Trust, and established Honeywell’s evergreen funding obligations.
The operating rules per the TDP define criteria claimants must meet for a claim to be considered valid and paid. Once operational in 2014, the Trust began to receive, process, and pay claims. In September 2021, Honeywell filed suit against the Trust in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania (Bankruptcy Court) alleging that the Trust breached its duties in managing the Trust, including breaches of certain provisions of the TA and TDP. Honeywell's lawsuit sought appropriate relief preventing the Trust from continuing these practices. The Trust also filed suit against Honeywell, alleging Honeywell breached its obligations under the Trust's governing documents. Honeywell moved to dismiss the Trust’s suit, and on December 15, 2021, the Bankruptcy Court granted Honeywell’s motion to dismiss subject to granting the Trust leave to file an amended complaint. On December 28, 2021, the Trust filed an answer with counterclaims in response to Honeywell’s complaint and in lieu of filing an amended complaint. The Bankruptcy Court conducted a trial on these matters during May 2022; following the trial, the Company and the Trust began discussing a potential settlement of Honeywell’s remaining obligations to the Trust.
On November 18, 2022,