commoditization, continued illegal imports of hydrofluorocarbons into Europe, and our ability to maximize our facilities’ production capacity and minimize downtime. Periods of increased volatility in oil and natural gas prices may result in less investment by our customers and therefore, lower demand for our products and services.
In addition, the Company and each of its businesses may continue to be, negatively affected by global macroeconomic conditions, including the impacts of inflation, high interest rates, supply chain and labor disruptions, unemployment rates, geopolitical instability and regional conflicts, the adoption and expansion of trade restrictions and tariffs, quotas, embargoes, and other related actions, and the occurrence or threat of a trade war or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies. Such factors could adversely impact, demand for our products, our costs, our customers, our suppliers, and the world and U.S. economies. The impact of such factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows, and financial condition.
49
Honeywell International Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS
On April 24, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $10 billion of Honeywell common stock, including approximately $2.1 billion of remaining availability under the previously announced $10 billion share repurchase authorization. The repurchase authorization does not have an expiration date and may be amended or terminated by the Board of Directors at any time without prior notice.
Repurchases may be made through a variety of methods, which could include open market purchases, accelerated share repurchase transactions, negotiated block transactions, 10b5-1 plans, other transactions that may be structured through investment banking institutions or privately negotiated, or a combination of the foregoing. Honeywell presently expects to repurchase outstanding shares from time to time (i) to offset the dilutive impact of employee stock-based compensation plans, including option exercises, restricted unit vesting, and matching contributions under our savings plans, and (ii) to reduce share count via share repurchases as and when attractive opportunities arise. The amount and timing of future repurchases may vary depending on market conditions and the level of operating, financing, and other investing activities.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, Honeywell repurchased 8.9 million shares of its common stock, par value $1 per share. As of March 31, 2025, $3.6 billion remained available under the share repurchase authorization for additional share repurchases. The following table summarizes our purchases of Honeywell's common stock for the three months ended March 31, 2025:
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
One of our wholly-owned subsidiaries has a placer claim for and operates a chabazite ore