increased $36 million due to $75 million of sales contributed by the acquisition of LNG, partially offset by lower organic sales of $39 million in Advanced Materials driven by lower sales volumes of fluorine products.
Segment profit increased $43 million and segment margin percentage increased 230 basis points to 22.2% compared to 19.9% for the same period of 2024.
On October 8, 2024, the Company announced its intention to spin off its Advanced Materials business into Solstice Advanced Materials, an independent, U.S. publicly traded company.
CORPORATE AND ALL OTHER
Corporate and All Other primarily includes unallocated corporate costs, interest expense on holding-company debt, and the controlling majority-owned interest in Quantinuum. Corporate and All Other is not a separate reportable business segment as segment reporting criteria is not met. The Company continues to monitor the activities in Corporate and All Other to determine the need for further reportable business segment disaggregation.
REPOSITIONING CHARGES
See Note 5
Repositioning and Other Charges
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our repositioning actions and related charges incurred in the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024. Cash spending related to our repositioning actions was $43 million in the three months ended March 31, 2025, and was funded through operating cash flows.
43
Honeywell International Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
(Dollars in tables in millions)
We leverage operating cash flows as the primary source of liquidity. Each of our businesses focuses on increasing operating cash flows through revenue growth, margin expansion, and improved working capital turnover. We also maintain other key sources of liquidity, including U.S. cash balances, and the ability to access non-U.S. cash balances, short-term debt from the commercial paper market, long-term borrowings, committed credit lines, and access to the public debt and equity markets.
CASH
As of March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, we held $10.1 billion and $11.0 billion, respectively, of cash and cash equivalents, including our short-term investments. We monitor third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents on a daily basis. Our emphasis is primarily safety of principal and secondarily maximizing yield of those funds. We diversify our cash and cash equivalents among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one counterparty.
As of March 31, 2025, we held $8.0 billion of the Company’s cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries. We do not have material amounts related to any jurisdiction subject to currency control restrictions that impact our ability to access and repatriate such amounts. Under current laws, we do not expect taxes on repatriation or restrictions on amounts held outside of the U.S. to have a material effect on our overall liquidity.
CASH FLOW SUMMARY
Our cash flows from