during its annual review in the fourth quarter of 2023, reevaluated its valuation methodology and elected to give more weight to the two most recent years by shortening the look-back period from five years to two years (2023 and 2022). The Company believes that the average resolution values in the last two consecutive years are likely more representative of expected resolution values in future periods.
It is not possible to predict whether such resolution values will increase, decrease, or stabilize in the future, given recent litigation trends within the tort system and the inherent uncertainty in predicting the outcome of such trends. The Company will continue to monitor Bendix claim resolution values and other trends within the tort system to assess the appropriate look-back period for determining average resolution values going forward.
In 2023, the Company recognized a $
522
million expense and corresponding adjustment to its estimated liability for Bendix asbestos-related claims. This amount includes $
434
million attributable primarily to shortening the look-back period to the two most recent years, and to a lesser extent to increasing expected resolution values for a subset of asserted claims to adjust for higher claim values in that subset than in the modelled two-year data set.
The Company's insurance receivable corresponding to the liability for settlement of asserted and unasserted Bendix asbestos claims reflects coverage which is provided by a large number of insurance policies written by dozens of insurance companies in both the domestic insurance market and the London excess market. Based on the Company's ongoing analysis of the probable insurance recovery, insurance receivables are recorded in the financial statements simultaneous with the recording of the estimated liability for the underlying asbestos claims. This determination is based on the Company's analysis of the underlying insurance policies, historical experience with insurers, ongoing review of the solvency of insurers, judicial determinations relevant to insurance programs, and consideration of the impacts of any settlements reached with the Company's insurers.
SEC MATTER
The Company is cooperating with a formal investigation by the SEC which is primarily focused on certain accounting matters with respect to the Company's former Performance Materials and Technologies segment. At this time, the Company does not expect the outcome of this matter to have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position.
PETROBRAS AND UNAOIL MATTERS
On December 19, 2022, the Company reached a comprehensive resolution to the investigations by the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), the SEC, and certain Brazilian authorities (Brazilian Authorities) relating to the Company's use of third parties who previously worked for the Company's UOP business in Brazil in relation to a project awarded in 2010 for Petróleo Brasileiro S.A.