and commitments, a material disruption to the counterparties with whom we transact business could expose Honeywell to financial loss.
Operating outside the U.S. also exposes us to additional intellectual property risk. The laws and enforcement practices of certain jurisdictions in which we operate may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as in the U.S. and may impose joint venture, technology transfer, local service or other foreign investment requirements, and restrictions that potentially compromise control over our technology and proprietary information. Failure of foreign jurisdictions to protect our intellectual property rights, an inability to effectively enforce such rights in foreign jurisdictions, or the imposition of foreign jurisdiction investment or sourcing restrictions or requirements could result in loss of valuable proprietary information and could impact our competitive position and financial results.
Risks related to our defined benefit pension plans may adversely impact our results of operations and cash flow.
Significant changes in actual investment return on pension assets, discount rates, and other factors could adversely affect our results of operations and require cash pension contributions in future periods. Changes in discount rates and actual asset returns different than our anticipated asset returns can result in significant non-cash actuarial gains or losses, which we record in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, and, if applicable, in any quarter in which an interim remeasurement is triggered. With regard to cash pension contributions, funding requirements for our pension plans are largely dependent upon interest rates, actual investment returns on pension assets, and the impact of legislative or regulatory changes related to pension funding obligations.
OPERATIONAL RISKS
Raw material price fluctuations, inflation, the ability of key suppliers to meet quality and delivery requirements, or catastrophic events can increase the cost of our products and services, impact our ability to meet commitments to customers, and cause us to incur significant liabilities.
The cost of raw materials is a key element in the cost of our products, particularly in Energy and Sustainability Solutions (copper, fluorspar, tungsten salts, ethylene, aluminum, and molybdenum) and in Aerospace Technologies (nickel, steel, titanium, and other metals). As of December 31, 2024, the majority of the raw materials supply base of Aerospace Technologies and Energy and Sustainability Solutions were
under contract. While we have implemented mitigation strategies to reduce the impact of supply chain disruptions, any inability to source necessary materials when and as needed, offset mate
rial price or labor inflation through increased prices to customers, formula-driven or long-term fixed price contracts with suppliers, productivity actions, or commodity hedges could adversely affect our results of operations.
29
Honeywell