additional information.
REIMBURSEMENT RECEIVABLES
In conjunction with the Resideo Technologies, Inc. (Resideo) spin-off, the Company entered into a reimbursement agreement under which Honeywell receives cash payments as reimbursement primarily related to net spending for environmental matters at certain sites as defined in the reimbursement agreement. Accordingly, the Company recorded receivables based on estimates of the underlying reimbursable Honeywell environmental spend, and the Company monitors the recoverability of such receivables, which are subject to the terms of applicable credit agreements and general ability to pay.
ASBESTOS-RELATED LIABILITIES AND INSURANCE RECOVERIES
The Company recognizes a liability for any asbestos-related contingency that is probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. In connection with the recognition of liabilities for asbestos-related matters, the Company records asbestos-related insurance recoveries that are deemed probable. See Note 19
Commitments and Contingencies
for additional information.
NOTE 2.
ACQUISITIONS, DIVESTITURES, AND ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE
ACQUISITIONS
Air Products' Liquefied Natural Gas Process Technology and Equipment Business
On September 30, 2024, the Company acquired
100
% of the outstanding equity interests of Air Products' liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment business (LNG), strengthening the Company's energy transition portfolio, for total consideration of $
1,837
million, net of cash acquired. The business is included within the Energy and Sustainability Solutions reportable business segment.
The following table summarizes the preliminary determination of the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed that are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2024:
The LNG identifiable intangible assets primarily include customer relationships and technology which will amortize over their estimated useful lives ranging from
four
to
20
years using accelerated amortization methods. The goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. As of December 31, 2024, the purchase accounting is subject to final adjustment, primarily for the valuation of intangible assets, amounts allocated to goodwill, working capital adjustments, and tax balances.
62
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
CAES Systems Holdings LLC
On August 30, 2024, the Company acquired
100
% of the outstanding equity interests of CAES Systems Holdings LLC (CAES), enhancing the Company's defense and space portfolio with high-reliability radio frequency technologies, for total consideration of $
1,930
million, net of cash acquired. The business is included within the Aerospace Technologies reportable business segment.
The following table summarizes the preliminary determination of the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and