conditions, including water scarcity and rising sea levels, labor disputes, critical supply failure, inaccurate downtime forecast, political disruption and regional conflicts, public health crises, like a regional or global pandemic, and other reasons, which can result in undesirable consequences, including financial losses and damaged relationships with customers. We employ IT systems and networks to support the business and rely on them to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Although preventative measures may help to mitigate damage, such measures could be costly, and disruptions to our manufacturing facilities or IT infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages and energy shortages, telecommunication or utility failures, cybersecurity incidents, and other events, including disruptions at our cloud computing, server, systems, and other third party IT service providers, could interfere with our operations, interrupt production and shipments, damage customer and business partner relationships, and negatively impact our reputation. In addition, the insurance we maintain may not be adequate to cover our losses resulting from any business interruption, including those resulting from a natural disaster or other severe weather event, and recurring extreme weather events or other adverse events could reduce the availability or increase the cost of insurance.
33
Honeywell International Inc.
Concentrations of credit, counterparty, and market risk may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
We maintain long-term contractual relationships with many of our customers, suppliers, and other counterparties. While we monitor the financial health of these counterparties, we are exposed to credit and market risks of such counterparties, including those concentrated in the same or similar industries and geographic regions. Changes in political and economic conditions could also lead to concerns about the creditworthiness of counterparties and their ability to pay in the same or similar industry or geography, impacting our ability to renew our long-term contractual arrangements or collect amounts due under these arrangements. Among other factors, geopolitical events, inflation, rising interest rates, banking instability, and changes in economic conditions, including an economic downturn or recession, could also result in the credit deterioration or insolvency of a significant counterparty.
We are impacted by increasing stakeholder interest in public company performance, disclosure, and goal-setting with respect to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters.
In response to growing customer, investor, employee, governmental, and other stakeholder interest in our ESG practices, including our procedures, standards, performance metrics, and goals, we have increased reporting of our ESG programs and performance and have established