International Inc.
Many major components, product equipment items, and raw materials, particularly in Aerospace Technologies, are procured or subcontracted on a single or sole-source basis. Although we maintain a qualification and performance surveillance process and we believe that sources of supply for raw materials and components are generally adequate, it is difficult to predict what effects shortages or price increases, in addition to other supply chain disruptions, may have in the future. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers’ inability to scale production and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. In addition, current or future global economic uncertainty, including inflation and high interest rates, supply chain and labor disruptions, unemployment rates, banking instability, any U.S. government shutdown, any downgrades in the U.S. government's sovereign credit rating, public health crises, volatile financial markets, geopolitical instability and regional conflicts, and potential recession may affect the financial stability of our key suppliers or their access to financing, which may in turn affect their ability to perform their obligations to us. If one or more of our suppliers experiences financial difficulties, delivery delays, or other performance problems, our resulting inability to fill our supply needs would jeopardize our ability to fulfill obligations under commercial and government contracts, which could, in turn, result in reduced sales and profits, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to customer relationships.
In an effort to reduce the impact of current and future supply chain disruptions, we have implemented short-term and long-term strategies to reduce the impact of such disruptions, including pricing actions, longer-term planning for constrained materials, material supply tracking tools, direct engagement with key suppliers to meet customer demand, and development of new or redesigned products that satisfy our product quality controls and engineering qualifications and/or any applicable regulatory requirements. We cannot provide any assurance that our mitigation strategies will continue to be successful, or that we will be able to alter our strategies or develop new strategies if and as needed.
We may be unable to successfully execute or effectively integrate acquisitions, and divestitures may not occur as planned.
We regularly review our portfolio of businesses and pursue growth through acquisitions and seek to divest non-core businesses. We may not be able to complete transactions on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all. In addition, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely impacted by (i) the failure of acquired businesses to meet or exceed expected returns, including risk of impairment; (ii) the failure to integrate multiple acquired businesses into Honeywell simultaneously and on