12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.
☐
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes
☐
No
x
There were
642,682,909
shares
of Common Stock outstanding at March 31, 2025.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
We describe many of the trends and other factors that drive our business and future results in the section titled
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
and in other parts of this report (including
Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors
). Such discussions contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), including statements related to the proposed spin-off of the Company's Advanced Materials business into Solstice Advanced Materials, a standalone, publicly traded company, the proposed separation of Automation and Aerospace Technologies, the sale of the personal protective equipment business, and the acquisition of Sundyne. Forward-looking statements are those that address activities, events, or developments that we or our management intend, expect, project, believe, or anticipate will or may occur in the future. They are based on management’s assumptions and assessments in light of past experience and trends, current economic and industry conditions, expected future developments, and other relevant factors, many of which are difficult to predict and outside of our control, including Honeywell's current expectations, estimates, and projections regarding, among other things, the proposed spin-off of the Company's Advanced Materials business into Solstice Advanced Materials, a standalone, publicly traded company, the proposed separation of Automation and Aerospace Technologies, the sale of the personal protective equipment business, and the acquisition of Sundyne. They are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results, developments, and business decisions may differ significantly from those envisaged by our forward-looking statements, including the consummation of the spin-off of the Advanced Materials business into Solstice Advanced Materials, the proposed separation of Automation and Aerospace Technologies, the sale of our personal protective equipment business, and the acquisition of Sundyne, and the anticipated benefits of each. We do not undertake to update or revise any of our forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable securities law. Our forward-looking statements are also subject to material risks and uncertainties, including ongoing macroeconomic and geopolitical risks, such as the impacts of tariffs and other trade barriers