materials needed for manufacturing, exacerbate existing risks to our supply chain, disrupt our operations, and increase insurance and other operating costs. These factors may impact our decisions to construct new facilities or maintain existing facilities in areas most prone to physical climate risks. We could also face indirect financial risks passed through the supply chain and disruptions that could result in increased prices for our products and the resources needed to produce them.
The growing focus on addressing global climate change has resulted in more regulations designed to reduce GHG emissions and more customer demand for products and services that have a lower carbon footprint or that help businesses and consumers reduce carbon emissions throughout their value chains. These regulations tend to be implemented under global, national and sub-national climate objectives or policies, and target the global warming potential of refrigerants, energy efficiency, and the combustion of fossil fuels. Although we offer and continue to invest in developing solutions that help our customers meet their carbon reduction and sustainability goals, many of our products combust fossil fuels, consume energy, and use refrigerants. Regulations and carbon reduction goals which seek to reduce GHG emissions could reduce demand for such products and present a risk to our business. We may be required to further increase research and development and other capital expenditures in order to develop offerings that meet these new regulations, standards, and customer demands. There can be no assurance that our new product development efforts will be successful, that our products will be accepted by the market, or that economic returns will reflect our investments in new product development.
34
Honeywell International Inc.
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS
Our U.S. and non-U.S. tax liabilities are dependent, in part, upon the distribution of income among various jurisdictions in which we operate, as well as changes in tax law or regulation.
Our future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in tax laws, regulations and judicial rulings (or changes in the interpretation thereof), potential taxation of digital services, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in the amount of earnings permanently reinvested offshore, the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of our tax exposures, and various other governmental enforcement initiatives. Our tax expense includes estimates of tax reserves and reflects other estimates and assumptions, including assessments of our future earnings, which could impact the valuation of our deferred tax assets. In addition, our future effective tax rates could be