for a discussion of risks associated with the potential adverse effects of inflationary cost pressures, supply chain disruptions, and labor shortages to our businesses.
SPIN-OFF OF ADVANCED MATERIALS
On October 8, 2024, the Company announced its intention to spin off its Advanced Materials business into an independent, U.S. publicly traded company, which is targeted to be completed by the end of 2025 or early 2026. The planned spin-off is intended to be a tax-free spin to Honeywell shareowners for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The spin-off will be subject to the satisfaction of a number of customary conditions, including, among others, finalization of the financial statements of the Advanced Materials business, the filing and effectiveness of applicable filings (including a Form 10 registration statement) with the SEC, assurance that the spin-off of the Advanced Materials business will be tax-free to Honeywell’s shareowners, receipt of applicable regulatory approvals and final approval by Honeywell’s Board of Directors. The proposed spin-off is complex in nature, and may be affected by unanticipated developments, credit and equity markets, or changes in market conditions.
15
Honeywell International Inc.
SEPARATION OF AUTOMATION AND AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGIES
On February 6, 2025, the Company announced its intention to pursue a separation of its Automation and Aerospace Technologies businesses into independent, U.S. publicly traded companies, which is targeted to be completed in the second half of 2026. The planned separation is intended to be a tax-free separation to Honeywell shareowners for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The separation will be subject to the satisfaction of a number of customary conditions, including, among others, finalization of the financial statements of the Automation and Aerospace Technologies businesses, the filing and effectiveness of applicable filings (including a Form 10 registration statement) with the SEC, assurance that the separation of the businesses will be tax-free to Honeywell’s shareowners, receipt of applicable regulatory approvals and final approval by Honeywell’s Board of Directors. The proposed separation is complex in nature, and may be affected by unanticipated developments, credit and equity markets, or changes in market conditions.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Consolidated Financial Results
Net Sales by Segment
16
Honeywell International Inc.
Segment Profit by Segment
CONSOLIDATED OPERATING RESULTS
Net Sales
The increase in Net sales was attributable to the following:
A discussion of Net sales by reportable business segment can be found in the
Review of Business Segments
section of Management's Discussion and Analysis.
17
Honeywell International Inc.
2024 compared with 2023
Net sales increased due to the following:
•
Incremental sales from recent acquisitions,
•
Increased pricing and price adjustments to offset inflation, and
•
Higher sales volumes.
Cost of Products and Services Sold
2024 compared with