and announced goals and other objectives related to ESG matters. These goal statements reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our ability to achieve any goal or objective, including with respect to ESG initiatives, is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include: (i) the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources and technologies, (ii) evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG standards or disclosures, (iii) the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability, diversity and other standards, (iv) our ability to recruit, develop, and retain diverse talent in our labor markets, and (v) the impact of our organic growth and acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or operations. In addition, standards for tracking and reporting on ESG matters have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. Our processes and controls for reporting of ESG matters may not always comply with evolving and disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others, and such standards may change over time, any of which could result in significant revisions to our performance metrics, goals, or reported progress in achieving such goals. In addition, certain of our products and services, including offerings in our Defense and Space business unit, are unattractive to certain investors and may cause us to be increasingly subject to ESG-driven investment practices that preclude investment in our debt and equity. On the other hand, some investors have a negative response to ESG practices as a result of anti-ESG sentiment and may choose not to invest in us, or divest in their holdings of us, as a result of our ESG practices and initiatives. Furthermore, there is also an increasing number of state-level anti-ESG initiatives in the U.S. that may conflict with other regulatory requirements, resulting in regulatory uncertainty.
If our ESG practices or business portfolio do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, supplier, business partner, or acquiror could be negatively impacted. Our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals, targets, and objectives or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could have similar negative impacts and expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation.
Global climate change and related regulations and changes in customer demand could negatively affect our operations and our business.
The effects of climate change could create financial risks to our business. For example, the effects of physical impacts of climate change could disrupt our operations by impacting the availability and cost of