characterization and classification for all waste streams, process of due diligence and impact assessment for all facilities receiving hazardous waste from our operations, and annual training for employees and contractors who perform waste-related activities.
We uphold our commitment to be carbon neutral by 2035 in our facilities and operations
1
. Our GHG reduction program initially began in 2004, setting us well on our way to achieving this commitment. In addition to being on a path to achieve our carbon neutrality goals, in 2023, we exceeded our 10-10-10 commitments that we established in 2019 to (i) reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity by 10% from a 2018 baseline, (ii) deploy at least 10 renewable energy opportunities, and (iii) achieve certification to ISO 50001 Energy Management Standard at 10 facilities. In 2022, we joined the U.S. Department of Energy's Better Climate Challenge, pledging to reduce U.S. Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 50% from a 2018 baseline. In addition, in 2023, our near-term science-based target, which includes Scope 3 emissions, was approved by the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi).
10
Honeywell International Inc.
SUSTAINABILITY-ORIENTED SOLUTIONS
We strive to lead the marketplace in sustainable technology development and help our customers meet their sustainability goals. We are innovating to improve our operations as we progress toward carbon neutrality
1
. These innovations contribute to improvements in health, safety, security, environmental impact, and resiliency to help our customers with their most complex challenges in these areas. The graphic below demonstrates our multitude of sustainability-oriented solutions.
Additional information regarding our sustainability initiatives and strategy is included in our 2024 Impact Report, which can be found on our website (honeywell.com); this report is not incorporated into this Form 10-K by reference and should not be considered part of this Form 10-K.
11
Honeywell International Inc.
HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
We believe investment in human capital management enables better decision-making, helps us build competitive advantage, and furthers our long-term success. Human capital management is the key driver of our performance culture, which enables our workforce to respond to the fast-changing needs of our customers.
OUR CULTURE
Honeywell has built a reputation of “doing what we say.” At the center of that commitment to excellence is a high-performance culture rooted in our Foundational Principles and driven by the Six Honeywell Behaviors. The Six Behaviors reflect the bold, entrepreneurial spirit we seek to foster while emphasizing our goal to operate with speed and precision. At their foundation is a commitment to Safety Always, Integrity and Ethics, Inclusion and Diversity, and Workplace Respect, fundamental values that underlie everything we do.
12
Honeywell International Inc.
Our Code of Business Conduct establishes the baseline requirements of our