Commitments and Contingencies
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of our environmental matters and the indemnification and reimbursement agreement entered into with Resideo.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The Company uses derivative financial instruments to reduce risks from interest and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Derivative financial instruments are not used for trading or other speculative purposes, and we do not use leveraged derivative financial instruments.
The following table illustrates the potential change in fair value for interest rate sensitive instruments based on a hypothetical immediate one percentage point increase in interest rates across all maturities and the potential change in fair value for foreign exchange rate sensitive instruments based on a 10% weakening of the U.S. dollar versus local currency exchange rates across all maturities as of December 31, 2024, and 2023:
See Note 11
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Transactions
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.
41
Honeywell International Inc.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles is based on the selection and application of accounting policies that require us to make significant estimates and assumptions about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. Many estimates and assumptions involved in the application of accounting principles have a material impact on reported financial condition and operating performance and on the comparability of such reported information over different reporting periods. Critical accounting estimates or assumptions are those where the nature of the estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change, and the impact of the estimates and assumptions on financial condition or operating performance is material. We consider the estimates and assumptions discussed below to be critical to the understanding of our financial statements. Actual results could differ from our estimates and assumptions, and any such differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements.
Sales Recognition on Long-Term Contracts
—We recognize sales for long-term contracts with performance obligations satisfied over time using either an input or output method. We recognize revenue over time as we perform on these contracts based on the continuous transfer of control to the customer. With control transferring over time, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. We generally use the cost-to-cost input method of progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer that occurs as we incur costs. Under the cost-to-cost input method, the extent of