combined portfolio. We identify acquisition candidates that will further our strategic plan and strengthen our existing core businesses. In the first quarter of 2025, we announced our intention to acquire Sundyne for approximately $2.2 billion. We also identify businesses that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan based on their market position, relative profitability, or growth potential. These businesses are considered for potential divestiture, restructuring, or other repositioning actions, subject to regulatory constraints. On October 8, 2024, we announced our intention to spin off the Advanced Materials business into Solstice Advanced Materials, an independent, U.S. publicly traded company, which is targeted to be completed by the end of 2025 or early 2026. In addition, on November 22, 2024, we announced an agreement to sell our personal protective equipment business for $1.3 billion, with the assets and liabilities of the business classified as held for sale until the closing date of a sale. On February 6, 2025, the Company announced its intention to separate its Automation and Aerospace Technologies businesses into independent, U.S. publicly traded companies. See Note 3
Acquisitions, Divestitures
,
and Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion.
Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our future operating cash needs for at least the next twelve months. Our available cash, committed credit lines, and access to the public debt and equity markets provide additional sources of short-term and long-term liquidity to fund current operations, debt maturities, and future investment opportunities.
See Note 9
Debt and Credit Agreements
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of items impacting our liquidity.
45
Honeywell International Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
BORROWINGS
We leverage a variety of debt instruments to manage our overall borrowing costs. As of March 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, our total borrowings were $32.8 billion and $31.1 billion, respectively.
A key source of liquidity is our ability to access the corporate bond markets. Through these markets, we issue a variety of long-term fixed rate notes to manage our overall funding costs.
Another key source of liquidity is our ability to access the commercial paper market. Commercial paper notes are sold at a discount or premium and have a maturity of not more than 365 days from date of issuance. Borrowings under the commercial paper program are available for general corporate purposes as well as for financing acquisitions.
We also have the following loan and revolving credit agreements:
•
A $1.0 billion Fixed Rate Term Loan Credit Agreement (the Fixed Rate Term Loan Credit Agreement), dated as of August 12, 2024. Amounts borrowed under the Fixed Rate Term Loan Credit Agreement are required to be repaid no