revenue over time as the Company performs on these contracts because of the continuous transfer of control to the customer. With control transferring over time, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. The Company generally uses the cost-to-cost input method of progress for contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer that occurs as the Company incurs costs. Under the cost-to-cost input method, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the proportion of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. The Company reviews its cost estimates on significant contracts on a periodic basis, or when circumstances change and warrant a modification to a previous estimate. Cost estimates are largely based on negotiated or estimated purchase contract terms, historical performance trends, and other economic projections. Significant factors that influence these estimates include inflationary trends, technical and schedule risks, internal and subcontractor performance trends, business volume assumptions, asset utilization, and anticipated labor agreements. Provisions for anticipated losses on long-term contracts are recorded in full when such losses become evident, to the extent required.
The customer funding for costs incurred for nonrecurring engineering and development activities of the Company's products under agreements with commercial customers is deferred and subsequently recognized as revenue as products are delivered to the customers. Additionally, expenses incurred, up to the customer agreed funded amount, are deferred as an asset and recognized as cost of sales when products are delivered to the customer. The deferred customer funding and costs result in recognition of deferred costs (asset) and deferred revenue (liability) within Other assets and Accrued liabilities, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Deferred contract fulfillment costs were $
1,156
million and $
1,193
million as of December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The amounts recognized as Cost of products and services sold were $
188
million, $
148
million, and $
154
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Revenues for the Company's mechanical service programs are recognized as performance obligations that are satisfied over time, with recognition reflecting a series of distinct services using the output method.
The terms of a contract or the historical business practice can give rise to variable consideration due to, but not limited to, cash-based incentives, rebates, performance awards, or credits. The Company estimates variable consideration at the most likely amount the Company will receive from customers. The Company includes estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized for such