hedges recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss:
NOTE 12.
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
The accounting guidance for fair value measurements and disclosures establishes a three-level fair value hierarchy:
•
Level 1 - Inputs are based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
•
Level 2 - Inputs are based on observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical or similar assets and liabilities.
•
Level 3 - One or more inputs are unobservable and significant.
Financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
85
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
The following table sets forth the Company’s financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis:
The Company values foreign currency exchange contracts, interest rate swap agreements, cross currency swap agreements, and commodity contracts using broker quotations, or market transactions in either the listed or over-the-counter markets. As such, these derivative instruments are classified within level 2. The Company also holds investments in commercial paper, certificates of deposits, time deposits, and corporate debt securities that are designated as available for sale. These investments are valued using published prices based on observable market data. As such, these investments are classified within level 2.
The Company holds certain available for sale investments in U.S. government securities and investments in equity securities. The Company values these investments utilizing published prices based on quoted market pricing, which are classified within level 1.
The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts and notes receivables, payables, commercial paper, and other short-term borrowings contained in the Consolidated Balance Sheet approximates fair value.
As part of the NARCO Buyout (see Note 19
Commitments and Contingencies
for definition), Honeywell holds a right to proceeds from the definitive sale agreement pursuant to which HarbisonWalker International Holdings, Inc. (HWI), the reorganized and renamed entity that emerged from the NARCO Bankruptcy, was acquired by an affiliate of Platinum Equity, LLC (HWI Sale). The right to these proceeds is considered a financial instrument. The significant input for the valuation of this right is unobservable, and as such, is classified within level 3. The HWI Sale closed on February 16, 2023. The balance of the remaining proceeds from the HWI Sale (HWI Net Sale Proceeds) as of December 31, 2024, and 2023, was $
6
million and $
9
million, respectively, based on the receipt of an additional $
3
million in HWI Net Sales Proceeds during the twelve months ended December 31, 2024.
The following table sets