Company's disclosure of the timing for satisfying the performance obligation is based on the requirements of contracts with customers. However, from time to time, these contracts may be subject to modifications, impacting the timing of satisfying the performance obligations. Performance obligations expected to be satisfied within one year and greater than one year are
54
% and
46
%, respectively.
The timing of satisfaction of the Company's performance obligations does not significantly vary from the typical timing of payment. Typical payment terms of the Company's fixed price over time contracts include progress payments based on specified events or milestones or based on project progress. For some contracts, the Company may be entitled to receive an advance payment.
The Company applied the practical expedient for certain revenue streams to exclude the value of remaining performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected term of one year or less or (ii) contracts for which the Company recognizes revenue in proportion to the amount the Company has the right to invoice for services performed.
NOTE 4.
REPOSITIONING AND OTHER CHARGES
A summary of net repositioning and other charges follows:
The following table summarizes the pre-tax distribution of total net repositioning and other charges by classification in the Consolidated Statement of Operations:
69
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
The following table summarizes the pre-tax amount of total net repositioning and other charges by reportable business segment. These amounts are excluded from segment profit as described in Note 22
Segment Financial Data
:
NET REPOSITIONING CHARGES
In 2024, the Company recognized gross
repositioning charges
totaling $
226
million, including severance costs of $
136
million related to workforce reductions of
3,486
manufacturing and administrative positions mainly in the Company's Industrial Automation reportable business segment and corporate function. The workforce reductions related to productivity and ongoing functional transformation initiatives. The repositioning charges included asset impairments of $
22
million related to the write-down of certain assets primarily within the Company's Building Automation reportable business segment. The repositioning charges included exit costs of $
68
million related to current period costs incurred for closure obligations associated with site transitions in the Company's Industrial Automation reportable business segment and corporate function. Also, $
97
million of previously established reserves, primarily for severance, were returned to income due to higher-than-expected voluntary exits and adjustments to the scope of previously announced repositioning actions.
In 2023, the Company recognized gross
repositioning charges
totaling $
342
million, including severance costs of