Systems Holdings LLC, and Carrier Global Corporation's Global Access Solutions business (collectively, the "excluded acquisitions"), which were acquired by the Company on September 30, 2024, August 30, 2024, and June 3, 2024, respectively. The excluded acquisitions represent less than 4% of both net income and net assets, less than 3% of total revenues, and less than 2% of total assets of the consolidated financial amounts as of December 31, 2024.
The effectiveness of Honeywell’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, has been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in the section titled
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
.
116
Honeywell International Inc.
OTHER INFORMATION
EQUITY TRADING ARRANGEMENTS ELECTIONS
Certain executive officers and directors of the Company may execute purchases and sales of the Company's common stock through Rule 10b5-1 and non-Rule 10b5-1 equity trading arrangements.
During the three months ended December 31, 2024,
none of our executive officers or directors adopted, terminated, or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, or adopted, terminated, or modified any "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement"
(each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K).
DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
Not applicable.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Information relating to the Directors of Honeywell, as well as information relating to Honeywell's insider trading policies and practices and compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, will be contained in the Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after December 31, 2024, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. Certain information relating to the Executive Officers of Honeywell appears in this Form 10-K in the section titled
Information about Our Executive Officers
.
The members of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors are: Michael W. Lamach (Chair), William S. Ayer, Kevin Burke, D. Scott Davis, Robin L. Washington, and Robin Watson. The Board has determined that Mr. Davis and Ms. Washington are Audit Committee financial experts as defined by applicable SEC rules and that each member of the Audit Committee satisfies the financial sophistication criteria established by the Nasdaq. All members of the Audit Committee are independent as that term is defined in applicable SEC rules and Nasdaq listing standards.
Honeywell’s corporate governance policies and procedures, including the Code of Business Conduct, Corporate Governance Guidelines,
Insider Trading Policy
, and Charters of the Committees of the Board are available, free of charge, on our Investor Relations website (investor.honeywell.com) under the heading Governance (see Governance Overview), or by writing to Honeywell, 855 South Mint Street,