continued our portfolio realignment to three powerful megatrends (automation, the future of aviation, and the energy transition), and deployed $9 billion of capital across four acquisitions: Carrier Global Corporation's Global Access Solutions business (Access Solutions), CAES Systems Holdings LLC (CAES), Air Products' liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment business (LNG), and Civitanavi Systems S.p.A. We also committed to two strategic divestitures of non-core businesses announced in 2024, including the sale of our personal protection equipment (PPE) business and our intent to spin off our Advanced Materials business into an independent, U.S. publicly traded company. Additionally, we announced in February 2025 our intent to pursue the separation of our Automation and Aerospace Technologies businesses into independent, U.S. publicly traded companies, forming three industry-leading public companies in Automation, Aerospace Technologies, and Advanced Materials. Refer to the section titled
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
R
esults of Operations
for further information.
Also in 2024, we announced Honeywell Connected Enterprise (HCE) 3.0, advancing our software strategy by integrating HCE into each strategic business group, while maintaining our robust software development expertise at the center. We expect this strategy to deliver improved outcomes for our customers and drive sustained, accretive software growth across the portfolio. We further progressed Accelerator, deploying best practices by business model consistently across the portfolio and scaling our capabilities across business models to drive growth. We also leveraged Accelerator to support the integration of each of our acquisitions.
During the year, we deployed $14.6 billion to capital expenditures, dividends, share repurchases, and mergers and acquisitions. We opportunistically repurchased shares to maintain our commitment to reduce share count by at least 1% per year and increased our dividend for the fifteenth time in the last fourteen years.
As we look forward, we intend to continue deploying capital to high-return opportunities. We continue to carry a robust backlog of $35.3 billion as of December 31, 2024, that provides a strong foundation for future and sustained capital deployment to accelerate growth.
3
Honeywell International Inc.
BUSINESS OBJECTIVES
Our businesses focus on the following objectives:
4
Honeywell International Inc.
MAJOR BUSINESSES
We globally manage our business operations through four reportable business segments: Aerospace Technologies, Industrial Automation, Building Automation, and Energy and Sustainability Solutions. The remainder of Honeywell's operations is presented in Corporate and All Other, which is not a reportable business segment. Financial information related to our reportable business segments is included in Note 22
Segment Financial Data
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
5
Honeywell