costs at completion for certain of the business’ long-term contracts exceeded total estimated revenue. These costs represent unproductive labor costs due to unexpected supply delays and the resulting downstream installation issues, demobilization and remobilization of contract workers, and resolution of contractor disputes. These costs do not include normal operational inefficiencies experienced during a challenging operating environment in 2022.
NOTE 5.
INCOME TAXES
INCOME BEFORE TAXES
TAX EXPENSE
Tax expense consists of:
72
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
The U.S. federal statutory income tax rate is reconciled to the effective income tax rate as follows:
The effective tax rate decreased by
0.4
percentage points in 2024 compared to 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to a reduced benefit from taxes on non-U.S. earnings, offset by a decrease in accruals on various foreign tax matters. The Company’s 2024 non-U.S. effective tax rate was
20.0
%, a decrease of
5.3
percentage points compared to 2023. The decrease in the non-U.S. effective tax rate was primarily attributable to changes in accruals on foreign tax matters and other foreign discrete adjustments, partially offset by increased expense on global minimum taxes.
The effective tax rate decreased by
1.3
percentage points in 2023 compared to 2022. The decrease was primarily attributable to the increased benefit of taxes on non-U.S. earnings and lower expense related to unremitted withholding taxes on non-U.S. earnings, partially offset by incremental tax expense for reserves. The Company’s 2023 non-U.S. effective tax rate was
25.3
%, a decrease of
2.2
percentage points compared to 2022. The decrease in the non-U.S. effective tax rate was primarily attributable to increased benefit of taxes on non-U.S. earnings and lower expense related to unremitted withholding taxes on non-U.S. earnings, partially offset by incremental tax expense for reserves.
73
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS (LIABILITIES)
The tax effects of temporary differences and tax carryforwards which give rise to future income tax benefits and payables are as follows:
The Company's gross deferred tax assets include $
1,360
million related to non-U.S. operations comprised primarily of net operating losses and other tax attribute carryforwards in France, Germany, Luxembourg, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. The Company maintains a valuation allowance of $
1,066
million against a portion of the non-U.S. gross deferred tax assets and a valuation allowance of $
187
million against the U.S. gross deferred tax asset, primarily related to capital loss carryovers. The change in the valuation allowance resulted in a decrease of $
13