is based on (i) whether the contract involves the use of a distinct identified asset, (ii) whether the Company obtains the right to substantially all the economic benefit from the use of the asset throughout the period, and (iii) whether the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset.
All significant lease arrangements are generally recognized at lease commencement. Operating lease right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease liabilities are recognized at commencement. An ROU asset and corresponding lease liability are not recorded for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less (short-term leases); however, lease expense for these leases is recognized as incurred over the lease term.
ROU assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset during the reasonably certain lease term, and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The Company's lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option.
Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Lease payments may be fixed or variable, however, only fixed payments or in-substance fixed payments are included in determining the lease liability. Variable lease payments are recognized in operating expenses in the period in which the obligation for those payments are incurred. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments related to initial direct costs and prepayments and excludes lease incentives. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are generally accounted for separately.
59
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
The Company primarily uses its incremental borrowing rate, which is based on the information available at the lease commencement date, in determining the present value of the lease payments. In determining the borrowing rate, the Company considers the lease term, secured incremental borrowing rate, and for leases denominated in a currency different than the U.S. dollar, the collateralized borrowing rate in the foreign currency using the U.S. dollar and foreign currency swap spread, when available.
PENSION BENEFITS
The Company presents net periodic pension costs by disaggregating the service cost component of such costs and reports those costs in the same line item or items in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as other compensation costs arising from services rendered by the pertinent employees during the period. The other non-service components of such costs are required to be presented separately from the service cost component.
The Company records the service cost component of Pension