integrity and compliance program and promotes an environment where everyone is treated ethically and with respect. It outlines our pledge to recognize the dignity of each individual, respect each employee, provide compensation and benefits that are competitive, promote self-development through training, and value diversity of perspectives and ideas. All employees must complete Code of Business Conduct training and, where permitted by law, must also certify each year that they will comply with the Code.
Overall, we believe our culture, along with our internal tools and initiatives, enable us to effectively execute our human capital strategy. For discussion on the risks relating to the ability to attract and retain top-performing talent, please see the section titled
Risk Factors
.
TALENT ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT
Our internal talent acquisition and management platform is a key component to recruiting, hiring, and developing top-performing talent. We provide our hiring managers with training and toolkits to reinforce their role in bringing top talent into the Company. Further, we partner with top academic institutions and external professional organizations to attract and retain top talent. Our talent review process requires our people managers to have semi-annual career discussions with each member of their teams to discuss the best opportunity for growth and development, which enhances our identification of candidates for internal promotion and succession planning.
VOICE OF THE EMPLOYEE
The Voice of the Employee feedback survey is conducted annually with all global employees with the commitment to listening, learning, and taking action to make Honeywell an even better place to work. The survey provides data and tools to leaders at all levels to best drive actionable plans around employee engagement and build our desired culture that attracts and retains top talent, improves performance, and distinguishes the Company as a great place to work.
EMPLOYEE WELL-BEING
Our well-being focus addresses physical, mental, financial, individual, and community needs, providing benefits and resources to help employees and their families be their best, both personally and professionally. We facilitated several campaigns to promote well-being and help provide visibility to resources and available benefits across a range of topics from health and wellness programs to caring for your family and taking care of finances. We promoted mental health globally during Mental Health Awareness month, during which we offered a variety of benefits and resources, hosted live webinars, and introduced a new global forum for managers on how to support employee well-being. We offer Employee Assistance Programs or therapy sessions to all employees and family members globally, comprehensive mental health benefits to those enrolled in the U.S. medical plan, virtual mental health options and navigation tools to improve access and speed of care, and preventive/mental health resilience