deductible for tax purposes. As of March 31, 2025, the purchase accounting for Access Solutions is subject to final adjustment, primarily for the valuation of intangible assets, amounts allocated to goodwill, and tax balances.
DIVESTITURES
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, there were
no
significant divestitures that closed individually or in the aggregate.
On February 6, 2025, the Company announced its intention to pursue a separation of its Automation and Aerospace Technologies businesses into independent, U.S. publicly traded companies, which is intended to be completed in the second half of 2026. The planned separation is intended to be a tax-free separation to Honeywell shareowners for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The separation will be subject to the satisfaction of a number of customary conditions, including, among others, the filing and effectiveness of applicable filings (including a Form 10 registration statement that includes required financial statements) with the SEC, assurance that the separation of the businesses will be tax-free to Honeywell’s shareowners, receipt of applicable regulatory approvals, and final approval by Honeywell’s Board of Directors. The proposed separation is complex in nature, and may be affected by unanticipated developments, credit and equity markets, or changes in market conditions.
On October 8, 2024, the Company announced its intention to spin off its Advanced Materials business into Solstice Advanced Materials, an independent, U.S. publicly traded company, which is targeted to be completed by the end of 2025 or early 2026. The planned spin-off is intended to be a tax-free spin to Honeywell shareowners for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The spin-off will be subject to the satisfaction of a number of customary conditions, including, among others, finalization of the financial statements of Solstice Advanced Materials, the filing and effectiveness of applicable filings (including a Form 10 registration statement) with the SEC, assurance that the spin-off of Solstice Advanced Materials will be tax-free to Honeywell’s shareowners, receipt of applicable regulatory approvals, and final approval by Honeywell’s Board of Directors. The proposed spin-off is complex in nature, and may be affected by unanticipated developments, credit and equity markets, or changes in market conditions.
10
Honeywell International Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE
During the third quarter of 2024, the Company concluded the assets and liabilities of the personal protective equipment (PPE) business, which is part of the Sensing and Safety Technologies business unit within the Industrial Automation reportable business segment, met the held for sale criteria; therefore, the Company presented the associated assets and liabilities of the business as