respectively.
We determine the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets utilizing historical plan asset returns over varying long-term periods combined with our expectations of f
uture market conditions and asset mix considerations (see Note 20
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for details on the actual various asset classes and targeted asset all
ocation percentages for our pension plans). We plan to use an expected rate of return on plan assets of 7.25% for 2025, which is an increase in the assumption used for 2024.
The discount rate reflects the market rate on December 31 (measurement date) for high-quality fixed income investments with maturities corresponding to our benefit obligations and is subject to change each year. The discount rate can be volatile from year to year as it is determined based upon prevailing interest rates as of the measurement date. We used a 5.57% discount rate to determine benefit obligations as of December 31, 2024, reflecting an increase in the market interest rate environment since the prior year-end.
In addition to the potential for MTM Adjustments, changes in our expected rate of return on plan assets and discount rate resulting from economic events also affect future Pension ongoing (income) expense. The following table highlights the sensitivity of our U.S. pension obligations and ongoing (income) expense to changes in these assumptions, with all other assumptions remaining constant. These estimates exclude any potential MTM Adjustment:
Pension ongoing income for our world-wide pension plans is expected to be approximately $542 million in 2025 compared with Pension ongoing income of $592 million in 2024. Also, if required, a MTM Adjustment will be recorded in the fourth quarter of 2025 in accordance with our pension accounting method as previously described. It is difficult to reliably forecast or predict whether there will be a MTM Adjustment in 2025, and if one is required, what the magnitude of such adjustment will be. MTM Adjustments are primarily driven by events and circumstances beyond the control of the Company such as changes in interest rates and the performance of the financial markets.
Asbestos-Related Liabilities and Insurance Recoveries
—The recognition of asbestos-related liabilities relates to a predecessor company, Bendix Friction Materials (Bendix). For Bendix asbestos-related claims, we accrue for the estimated value of pending claims using average resolution values over a defined look-back period. We also accrue for the estimated value of future claims related to Bendix over the full term of epidemiological disease projection through 2059 based on historic and anticipated claims filing experience and dismissal rates, disease classifications, and average resolution values in the tort system over a defined look-back period. We review our valuation assumptions and average resolution values used to estimate the cost of Bendix