geographies around the world. Our products and solutions enable a safer, more comfortable, and more productive world, enhancing the quality of life of people around the globe. Our business is aligned with three powerful megatrends – automation, the future of aviation, and energy transition – underpinned by our Honeywell Accelerator operating system and Honeywell Forge Internet of Things (IoT) platform. Our portfolio of solutions is uniquely positioned to blend physical products with software to serve customers worldwide. As a trusted partner, we help organizations solve the world's toughest, most complex challenges, providing actionable solutions and innovations through our Aerospace Technologies, Industrial Automation, Building Automation, and Energy and Sustainability Solutions business segments that help make the world smarter and safer, as well as more secure and sustainable. The Honeywell brand dates back to 1906, and the Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1985.
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, are available free of charge on our Investor Relations website (investor.honeywell.com) under the heading Financials (see SEC Filings) immediately after they
are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Honeywell uses our Investor Relations website, along with press releases on our primary Honeywell website (honeywell.com) under the heading News & Media, as a means of disclosing information which may be of interest or material to our investors and for complying with disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor our Investor Relations website and Honeywell News feed, in addition to following our pres
s releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, webcasts, and social media. Information contained on or accessible through, including any reports available on, our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Form 10-K or any other report or document we file with the SEC. Any reference to our website in this Form 10-K is intended to be an inactive textual reference only.
In addition, in this Form 10-K, the Company incorporates by reference certain information from its definitive Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement), which we expect to file with the SEC not later than 120 days after December 31, 2024, and which will also be available free of charge on our website.
2
Honeywell International Inc.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Leveraging our Honeywell Accelerator operating model, we demonstrated our commitment to portfolio transformation, growth, and operational execution while remaining focused on creating long-term shareowner value. In 2024, we delivered sales growth of 5%, achieving sales of $38.5 billion, with increases in three of our four reportable business segments, led by double-digit growth in our Aerospace Technologies business segment.
In 2024, we