ORGANIZATION OF OUR ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
The order and presentation of content in our Annual Report on Form 10-K (Form 10-K) differs from the traditional U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Form 10-K format. We believe that our format improves readability and better presents how we organize and manage our business. See
Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index
for a cross-reference to the traditional SEC Form 10-K format.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ABOUT
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
We describe many of the trends and other factors that drive our business and future results in the section titled
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
and in other parts of this report (including under the section titled
Risk Factors
). Such discussions contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Forward-looking statements are those that address activities, events, or developments that management intends, expects, projects, believes, or anticipates will or may occur in the future and include statements related to the proposed spin-off of the Company's Advanced Materials business into a stand-alone, publicly traded company and the proposed separation of Automation and Aerospace. They are based on management’s assumptions and assessments in light of past experience and trends, current economic and industry conditions, expected future developments, and other relevant factors, many of which are difficult to predict and outside of our control. They are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results, developments, and business decisions may differ significantly from those envisaged by our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to update or revise any of our forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable securities law. Our forward-looking statements are also subject to material risks and uncertainties, including ongoing macroeconomic and geopolitical risks, such as lower GDP growth or recession, supply chain disruptions, capital markets volatility, inflation, and certain regional conflicts, that can affect our performance in both the near- and long-term. In addition, no assurance can be given that any plan, initiative, projection, goal, commitment, expectation, or prospect set forth in this Form 10-K can or will be achieved. These forward-looking statements should be considered in light of the information included in this Form 10-K, including, in particular, the factors discussed within the section titled
Risk Factors
. Such factors may be revised or supplemented in subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. Any forward-looking plans described herein are not final and may be modified or abandoned at any time.
1
Honeywell International Inc.
ABOUT HONEYWELL
Honeywell International Inc. (Honeywell, we, us, our, or the Company) is an integrated operating company serving a broad range of industries and