losses of the foreign currency debt and derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges are recorded in the same manner as foreign currency translation adjustments.
COMMODITY PRICE RISK MANAGEMENT
The Company's operations subject the Company to risk related to the price volatility of certain commodities. To mitigate the commodity price risk associated with the Company's operations, the Company may enter into commodity derivative instruments. In both 2024 and 2023, the Company entered into various contracts to mitigate commodity price volatility. The Company elected to apply hedge accounting to these contracts.
DERIVATIVE AND HEDGING INSTRUMENTS
The following table summarizes the notional amounts and fair values of the Company’s outstanding derivatives by risk category and instrument type within the Consolidated Balance Sheet:
All Derivative assets are presented in Other current assets or Other assets. All Derivative liabilities are presented in Accrued liabilities or Other liabilities.
In addition to the foreign currency derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges, certain of the Company's foreign currency denominated debt instruments are designated as net investment hedges. The carrying value of those debt instruments designated as net investment hedges, which includes the adjustment for the foreign currency transaction gain or loss on those instruments, was $
6,158
million and $
6,099
million as of December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively.
Interest rate swap agreements are designated as hedge relationships with gains or losses on the derivative recognized in Interest and other financial charges offsetting the gains and losses on the underlying debt being hedged. Gains and losses on interest rate swap agreements recognized in earnings were $
30
million of expense, $
121
million of income, and $
347
million of expense for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Gains and losses are fully offset by losses and gains on the underlying debt being hedged.
83
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
The following table sets forth the amounts recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet related to cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges:
The following tables summarize the location and impact to the Consolidated Statement of Operations related to derivative instruments:
84
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
As of December 31, 2024, the Company estimates that approximately $
20
million of net derivative gains related to its cash flow hedges included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss will be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months.
The following table summarizes the amount of pre-tax gain or (loss) on net investment