cybersecurity solutions for monitoring large scale networks, for total consideration of $
52
million, net of cash acquired. The business is included in the Industrial Automation reportable business segment. The Company finalized the evaluation for the fair value of all the assets and liabilities acquired with SCADAfence during the third quarter of 2024. Management recorded intangible assets of $
17
million and allocated $
42
million to goodwill, which is not deductible for tax purposes.
Compressor Controls Corporation
On June 30, 2023, the Company acquired
100
% of the outstanding equity interests of Compressor Controls Corporation, a turbomachinery services and controls company based in the United States, for total cash consideration of $
673
million, net of cash acquired. The business is included in the Industrial Automation reportable business segment. The Company finalized the evaluation for the fair value of all the assets and liabilities acquired with Compressor Controls Corporation during the second quarter of 2024. Management recorded intangible assets of $
282
million and allocated $
351
million to goodwill, which is deductible for tax purposes.
US Digital Designs, Inc.
On January 18, 2022, the Company acquired
100
% of the issued and outstanding shares of US Digital Designs, Inc., a leading provider of technologies for first responders, for total consideration of $
186
million. The business is included within the Building Automation reportable business segment. The Company finalized the evaluation for the fair value of all the assets and liabilities acquired with US Digital Designs, Inc. during the first quarter of 2023. Management recorded intangible assets of $
53
million and allocated $
129
million to goodwill, which is deductible for tax purposes.
DIVESTITURES
During 2024 and 2023, there were no significant divestitures individually or in the aggregate.
On February 6, 2025, the Company announced its intention to pursue a separation of its Automation and Aerospace Technologies businesses into independent, U.S. publicly traded companies, which is targeted to be completed in the second half of 2026. The planned separation is intended to be a tax-free separation to Honeywell shareowners for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The separation will be subject to the satisfaction of a number of customary conditions, including, among others, finalization of the financial statements of the Automation and Aerospace Technologies businesses, the filing and effectiveness of applicable filings (including a Form 10 registration statement) with the SEC, assurance that the separation of the businesses will be tax-free to Honeywell’s shareowners, receipt of applicable regulatory approvals, and final approval by Honeywell’s Board of Directors. The proposed separation is complex in nature, and may be affected by unanticipated developments, credit and equity markets, or changes in market conditions.
On October 8, 2024, the Company announced its intention