penalties, and compliance with any new regulations or policies may be burdensome and/or require significant expenditures.
Increased focus and evolving views of lawmakers on climate change and other ESG issues could have a long-term impact on our business and result of operations.
Increased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change and other ESG matters may result in more international, regional, and/or federal regulatory or other stakeholder requirements or expectations that could mandate more restrictive or expansive standards, such as stricter limits on GHG emissions or more prescriptive reporting of ESG metrics, practices, and targets, than the voluntary commitments that the Company has adopted or require such changes on a more accelerated time frame. There continues to be a lack of consistent climate and other ESG legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty; however, there has been an increasing amount of legislative and regulatory activity, particularly in the European Union, United Kingdom, and U.S., although we are unable to predict at this time how the trajectory of legislative and regulatory activity in the U.S. will be impacted by the new administration. In addition, there is also an increasing number of state-level anti-ESG initiatives in the U.S. that may conflict with other regulatory requirements, resulting in regulatory uncertainty. New or revised legal and regulatory requirements could impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company or its products, and could negatively impact the Company’s business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition, and competitive position.
35
Honeywell International Inc.
We cannot predict with certainty the outcome of litigation matters, government proceedings and other contingencies and uncertainties.
We are currently, and may in the future become, subject to lawsuits, fines, investigations, and disputes (some of which involve substantial amounts claimed) arising out of the conduct of our business, including matters relating to commercial transactions, government contracts, product liability (including asbestos), the integration of emerging technologies (such as, but not limited to, artificial intelligence and machine learning), prior acquisitions and divestitures, employment, employee benefits plans, intellectual property, antitrust, anti-corruption, accounting, import and export, and environmental, health, and safety matters. Our potential liabilities are subject to change over time due to new developments, changes in settlement strategy or the impact of evidentiary requirements, and we may become subject to or be required to pay damage awards or settlements that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, reputation, cash flows, and financial condition. While we maintain insurance for certain risks, the amount of our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover the total