$
162
million related to workforce reductions of
5,854
manufacturing and administrative positions mainly in the Company's Industrial Automation and Building Automation reportable business segments. The workforce reductions related to productivity and ongoing functional transformation initiatives. The repositioning charges included asset impairments of $
41
million related to the write-down of certain assets within the Company's Industrial Automation reportable business segment and corporate function. The repositioning charges included exit costs of $
139
million related to current period costs incurred for closure obligations associated with site transitions in the Company's Industrial Automation reportable business segment. Also, $
56
million of previously established reserves, primarily for severance, were returned to income due to higher-than-expected voluntary exits and adjustments to the scope of previously announced repositioning actions.
In 2022, the Company recognized gross
repositioning charges
totaling $
420
million, including severance costs of $
122
million related to workforce reductions of
4,345
manufacturing and administrative positions mainly in the Company's Industrial Automation reportable business segment. The workforce reductions related to productivity and ongoing functional transformation initiatives. The repositioning charges included asset impairments of $
176
million related to the write-down of certain manufacturing and other equipment, primarily related to closing and relocating the production of certain respiratory manufacturing from a U.S.-based facility to a non-U.S. facility in the Company's Industrial Automation reportable business segment. The repositioning charges included exit costs of $
122
million related to current period costs incurred for closure obligations associated with site transitions in the Company's Energy and Sustainability Solutions, Aerospace Technologies, and Industrial Automation reportable business segments. Also, $
56
million of previously established reserves, primarily for severance, were returned to income due to higher-than-expected voluntary exits and adjustments to the scope of previously announced repositioning actions.
70
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
The following table summarizes the status of the Company's total repositioning reserves:
Certain repositioning projects will recognize exit costs in future periods when the actual liability is incurred. Such exit costs incurred in 2024, 2023, and 2022
were $
62
million, $
62
million, and $
63
million
, respectively.
OTHER CHARGES
In 2022, the Company recognized $
295
million of Other charges related to the initial suspension and the wind down of the Company's business and operations in Russia. These costs impacted all reportable business segments, with the most significant impact within the