to spin off its Advanced Materials business into an independent, U.S. publicly traded company, which is targeted to be completed by the end of 2025 or early 2026. The planned spin-off is intended to be a tax-free spin to Honeywell shareowners for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The spin-off will be subject to the satisfaction of a number of customary conditions, including, among others, finalization of the financial statements of the Advanced Materials business, the filing and effectiveness of applicable filings (including a Form 10 registration statement) with the SEC, assurance that the spin-off of the Advanced Materials business will be tax-free to Honeywell’s shareowners, receipt of applicable regulatory approvals, and final approval by Honeywell’s Board of Directors. The proposed spin-off is complex in nature, and may be affected by unanticipated developments, credit and equity markets, or changes in market conditions.
In conjunction with the wind down of the Company's businesses and operations in Russia, during 2022 the Company completed the sale of
three
entities domiciled in Russia in exchange for gross cash consideration of less than $
1
million. The Company recognized a pre-tax gain of $
22
million, which was recorded in Other (income) expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations, driven by favorable foreign currency cumulative translation adjustment positions in the entities at the time of sale. The financial results of the entities were previously included in the historical Performance Materials and Technologies, Honeywell Building Technologies, and Safety and Productivity Solutions reportable business segments.
64
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE
During the third quarter of 2024, the Company concluded the assets and liabilities of the personal protective equipment (PPE) business, which is part of the Sensing and Safety Technologies business unit within the Industrial Automation reportable business segment, met the held for sale criteria; therefore, the Company presented the associated assets and liabilities of the business as held for sale as of September 30, 2024. On November 22, 2024, the Company announced it reached an agreement to sell its PPE business for $
1,325
million in an all-cash transaction. The transaction is expected to be completed in the first half of 2025 and is subject to customary closing conditions. The disposal group, consisting of the associated assets and liabilities, is measured at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. Depreciation and amortization expense is not recorded for the period in which assets are classified as held for sale. The carrying amount of any assets, including goodwill, that are part of the disposal group, but not in the scope of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 360-10,
Property,