forth the Company’s financial assets and liabilities that were not carried at fair value:
The Company determined the fair value of the long-term receivables by utilizing transactions in the listed markets for identical or similar assets. As such, the fair value of these receivables is considered level 2.
The Company determined the fair value of the long-term debt and related current maturities utilizing transactions in the listed markets for identical or similar liabilities. As such, the fair value of the long-term debt and related current maturities is considered level 2.
86
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
As of December 31, 2024, the Company measured the disposal group of the personal protective equipment business at fair value, less costs to sell. The fair value of the disposal group was determined using significant unobservable inputs based on expected proceeds to be received upon the sale of the business. See Note 2
Acquisitions,
Di
vestitures
,
and Assets
and
Liabilities
Held
f
or Sale
for more information on the disposal group.
NOTE 13.
ACCRUED LIABILITIES
NOTE 14.
OTHER LIABILITIES
87
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
NOTE 15.
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS
The 2016 Stock Incentive Plan of Honeywell International Inc. and its Affiliates (2016 Plan) and 2016 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors of Honeywell International Inc. (2016 Directors Plan) were both approved by the shareowners at the Annual Meeting of Shareowners effective on April 25, 2016. As of December 31, 2024, there were
27.1
million and
0.8
million shares of Honeywell common stock available for future grants under terms of the 2016 Plan and 2016 Directors Plan, respectively.
STOCK OPTIONS
The exercise price, term, and other conditions applicable to each option granted under the Company's stock plans are generally determined by the Management Development and Compensation Committee of the Board. The exercise price of stock options is set on the grant date and may not be less than the fair market value per share of the Company's stock on that date. The fair value is recognized as an expense over the employee’s requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the award). Options generally vest over a
four-year
period and expire after
10
years.
The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Expected volatility is based on implied volatilities from traded options on our common stock and historical volatility of the Company's common stock. The Company used a Monte Carlo simulation model to derive an expected term which represents an estimate of the time options are expected to remain outstanding. Such model uses historical data to