contract specifications and requirements, the Company considers whether the modification either creates new or changes the existing enforceable rights and obligations. Contract modifications for goods or services and not distinct from the existing contract, due to the significant integration with the original good or service provided, are accounted for as if they were part of that existing contract. The effect of a contract modification on the transaction price and the Company's measure of progress for the performance obligation to which it relates, is recognized as an adjustment to revenue (either as an increase in or a reduction of revenue) on a cumulative catch-up basis. When the modifications include additional performance obligations that are distinct and at relative stand-alone selling price, they are accounted for as a new contract and performance obligation, which are recognized prospectively.
PERFORMANCE OBLIGATIONS
A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is defined as the unit of account. A contract’s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. When the Company's contracts with customers require highly complex integration or manufacturing services that are not separately identifiable from other promises in the contracts and, therefore, not distinct, then the entire contract is accounted for as a single performance obligation. In situations when the Company's contracts include distinct goods or services that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer over time, they are recognized as a series of distinct goods or services. For any contracts with multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the contract’s transaction price to each performance obligation based on the estimated relative stand-alone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. For product sales, each product sold to a customer typically represents a distinct performance obligation. In such cases, the observable stand-alone sales are used to determine the stand-alone selling price.
Performance obligations are satisfied as of a point in time or over time. Performance obligations are supported by contracts with customers, providing a framework for the nature of the distinct goods, services or bundle of goods and services. The timing of satisfying the performance obligation is typically indicated by the terms of the contract.
68
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
The following table outlines the Company's remaining performance obligations disaggregated by reportable business segment:
Performance obligations recognized as of December 31, 2024, will be satisfied over the course of future periods. The