obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets is required when there is a legal obligation to incur such costs. Upon initial recognition of a liability, the cost is capitalized as part of the related long-lived asset and depreciated over the corresponding asset’s useful life.
GOODWILL AND INDEFINITE-LIVED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
The Company recognizes goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset balances in conjunction with business combinations, with amounts being recorded at their respective fair values upon the closing of a transaction. Subsequent to the closing of a business combination, the Company evaluates and books adjustments, as applicable, to the preliminary amounts recorded over the relevant measurement period, which is not to exceed one year from the acquisition date.
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are subject to impairment testing annually as of the first day of the fourth quarter, or if a triggering event occurs or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be fully recoverable. This testing compares carrying values to fair values and, when appropriate, the carrying value of these assets is reduced to fair value, not to exceed the carrying value of goodwill. The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of the first day of the fourth quarter and determined there was
no
impairment as of that date. The Company is not aware of any additional triggering events.
DEFINITE-LIVED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
The Company recognizes definite-lived intangible asset balances in conjunction with business combinations, with amounts being recorded at their respective fair values upon the closing of a transaction. Subsequent to the closing of a business combination, the Company evaluates and books adjustments, as applicable, to the preliminary amounts recorded over the relevant measurement period, which is not to exceed one year from the acquisition date.
Definite-lived intangible assets consist of customer relationships, patents and technology, trademarks, and other intangibles and are amortized over their estimated u
seful lives, ranging from
two
to
20
years.
58
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
CAPITALIZED SOFTWARE
The Company capitalizes costs of software developed or obtained for internal use during the application development stage of a project and amortizes those costs using the straight-line method over the expected useful life of the software, not to exceed
seven
years. Costs incurred during the preliminary and post-implementation stages are expensed as incurred. Development costs for software held for sale are capitalized once a project has reached the point of technological feasibility. Completed projects are amortized after reaching the point of general availability using the straight-line method based on the expected useful life, not