mandating cybersecurity standards in our products, and we may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. While we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, these types of threats and incidents, none of them to date have been material to the Company. We seek to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to, and mitigate these threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, vulnerability assessments, continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems. Despite these efforts, cybersecurity incidents (against us, parties with whom we contract, or software used in our business), including incidents due to human error, third-party action, including actions of foreign actors, which risk may be exacerbated by the current Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts and U.S. and international response, insider attacks, the introduction of computer viruses and/or malicious or destructive code, phishing or denial-of-service attacks, the introduction of computer viruses and/or malicious or destructive code, ransomware or other malware, social engineering, malfeasance, other unauthorized physical or electronic access, or other vulnerabilities, depending on their nature and scope, could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information (our own or that of third parties), theft of funds, and the disruption of business operations. In addition, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to sensitive data continue to evolve and become more sophisticated and may not be recognized until launched against a target; accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures, and future cybersecurity incidents could go undetected and persist for an extended period of time. Furthermore, to the extent artificial intelligence capabilities continue to improve and are increasingly adopted, they may be used to identify vulnerabilities and craft increasingly sophisticated cybersecurity attacks, including the use of generative artificial intelligence to conduct more sophisticated social engineering attacks on the Company, suppliers, or customers. In addition, vulnerabilities may be introduced from the use of artificial intelligence by us, our financial services providers and other vendors and third-party providers.
Our customers, partners (including our suppliers), subcontractors, and other third parties to whom we entrust confidential data, and on whom we rely on to provide products and services, face similar threats and growing requirements. While we aim to perform cybersecurity due diligence on our key vendors and service providers, we do not control such third parties, and our ability to monitor their cybersecurity-related controls, safeguards and processes is limited. Further, we cannot ensure the cybersecurity