liabilities, which represent our most significant contingencies.
OTHER MATTERS
LITIGATION
See Note 19
Commitments and Contingencie
s of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of environmental, asbestos, and other litigation matters.
RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
See Note 1
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.
45
Honeywell International Inc.
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The executive officers of Honeywell, listed as follows, are elected annually by the Board. There are no family relationships among them.
46
Honeywell International Inc.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
CYBERSECURITY
We maintain a cybersecurity risk management program designed to assess, identify, manage, and govern material risks from cybersecurity threats.
Our cybersecurity risk management program is a key component of our overall enterprise risk management program
.
We maintain cybersecurity policies and procedures in accordance with industry standard control frameworks and applicable regulations, laws, and standards.
We maintain oversight of our cybersecurity risk management program via a corporate structure that includes a Cybersecurity Disclosure Committee, a Security Governance Council, the Audit Committee, and the Board.
We assess and evaluate cybersecurity-related risks on a quarterly basis or as needed, to determine whether any such risks have the potential to materially impact our business operations, revenue, and expenditures and to understand the degree of such risks relative to other risks faced by Honeywell.
Our Chief Security Officer served in various roles in IT and information security for over 30 years, including security-related roles in technology deployments, product development, product security, supply chain, and operations. He holds a Bachelor of Science in computer science from the Georgia Institute of Technology.
Our Security Governance Council, which meets quarterly or as needed, is led by our Chief Security Officer, and includes members of senior executive leadership. Our Security Governance Council maintains a security program designed to monitor and track key security performance indicators, and provides regular updates to the Audit Committee for review and oversight. Our Chief Security Officer also provides updates directly to the full Board once a year and directly to the Audit Committee at least twice a year or as needed. These updates cover topics related to information security, privacy, cyber risks and risk management processes, including the status of significant cybersecurity incidents, the emerging threat landscape, and the status of projects to strengthen the Company’s information security posture.
Honeywell’s Cybersecurity Disclosure Committee receives updates at least quarterly or as needed from Honeywell’s global security organization regarding cybersecurity incidents. The Cybersecurity Disclosure