export and import controls, and trade restrictions with respect to Russian and Belarusian governments, government-related entities, and other entities and individuals. Further, the Russian government implemented retaliatory actions against the U.S. and other nation members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) as well as certain other nations. Given the uncertainty inherent in our remaining obligations related to our contracts with Russian counterparties, we do not believe it is possible to develop estimates of reasonably possible loss in excess of current accruals for these matters. As the conflict continues to evolve, existing conditions may worsen, or other impacts, including escalation of the conflict in other regions of Europe where there is a material portion of our business, increased tension between Russia and the U.S. and other NATO members and other countries, or other impacts that are unknown at this time, could lead to increased charges and could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position. These impacts may result in increased costs or additional impacts on our operations and may adversely affect our ability to meet contractual and financial obligations, results of operations, and financial condition.
To the extent the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine continues to escalate, including as a result of the policies of the new administration in the U.S. (which we are unable to predict at this time), it may also negatively impact other risk factors disclosed in this Form 10-K and further impact our financial results. Such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and consumer spending; cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions to our information technology (IT) infrastructure or that of our customers and suppliers, including disruptions at our cloud computing, server, systems, and other third party IT service providers; adverse changes in international trade policies and relations; our ability to implement and execute our business strategy, particularly in Eastern Europe and surrounding regions; disruptions in global supply chains; energy shortages; terrorist activities targeting U.S. government contractors and/or critical infrastructure; our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; and constraints, volatility, or disruption in the capital markets.
Operating outside of the U.S. also exposes us to foreign exchange risk, which we monitor and seek to reduce through hedging activities. However, foreign exchange hedging activities bear a financial cost and may not always be available to us or be successful in eliminating such volatility. Finally, we generate significant amounts of cash outside of the U.S. that is invested with financial and non-financial counterparties. While we employ comprehensive controls regarding global cash management to guard against cash or investment loss and to ensure our ability to fund our operations