as of the financial statement date) and unasserted Bendix-related asbestos claims, which exclude the Company’s ongoing legal fees to defend such asbestos claims which will continue to be expensed as they are incurred.
The Company reflects the inclusion of all years of epidemiological disease projection through 2059 when estimating the liability for unasserted Bendix-related asbestos claims. Such liability for unasserted Bendix-related asbestos claims is based on historic and anticipated claims filing experience and dismissal rates, disease classifications, and average resolution values in the tort system over a defined look-back period. The Company valued Bendix asserted and unasserted claims using average resolution values for the previous two years. The Company reviews the valuation assumptions and average resolution values used to estimate the cost of Bendix asserted and unasserted claims during the fourth quarter each year.
The Company's insurance receivable corresponding to the liability for settlement of asserted and unasserted Bendix asbestos claims reflects coverage which is provided by a large number of insurance policies written by dozens of insurance companies in both the domestic insurance market and the London excess market. Based on the Company's ongoing analysis of the probable insurance recovery, insurance receivables are recorded in the financial statements simultaneous with the recording of the estimated liability for the underlying asbestos claims. This determination is based on the Company's analysis of the underlying insurance policies, historical experience with insurers, ongoing review of the solvency of insurers, judicial determinations relevant to insurance programs, and consideration of the impacts of any settlements reached with the Company's insurers.
26
Honeywell International Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
SEC MATTER
The Company is cooperating with a formal investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) which is primarily focused on certain accounting matters with respect to the Company's former Performance Materials and Technologies segment. At this time, the Company does not expect the outcome of this matter to have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position.
PETROBRAS AND UNAOIL MATTERS
On December 19, 2022, the Company reached a comprehensive resolution to the investigations by the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), the SEC, and certain Brazilian authorities (Brazilian Authorities) relating to the Company's use of third parties who previously worked for the Company's UOP business in Brazil in relation to a project awarded in 2010 for Petróleo Brasileiro S.A. (Petrobras). The investigations focused on the Company’s compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar Brazilian laws (UOP