effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Revenue Recognition and Contracts with Customers – Long-Term Contracts – Refer to Note 1 and Note 3 to the financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Company has several businesses which enter into long-term contracts whereby revenue is recognized over the contract term (“over time”) as the work progresses and control of the goods and services are continuously transferred to the customer. Revenue for these contracts is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion, generally measured by using a cost-to-cost input method.
Accounting for long-term contracts requires management’s judgment in estimating total contract costs. Contract costs, which can be incurred over several years, are largely determined based on negotiated or estimated purchase contract terms and consider factors such as historical performance trends, inflationary trends, technical and schedule risk, internal and subcontractor performance trends, business volume assumptions, asset utilization and anticipated labor agreements.
Given the significance of the judgments necessary to estimate costs associated with these long-term contracts (which varies upon the length of the contract), auditing long-term contracts requires a high degree of auditor judgment.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to long-term contracts included the following, among others:
•
We tested the effectiveness of internal controls over the recognition of revenue and the determination of estimated contract costs including controls over the review of management’s assumptions and key inputs used to recognize revenue and costs on long-term contracts using the cost-to-cost input method.
•
We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management’s methods and assumptions used to recognize revenue and costs on long-term contracts using the cost-to-cost input method to recognize revenue over time.
•
We tested recorded revenue using a combination of analytical procedures and detailed contract testing.
/S/
DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Charlotte, North