rate of return on an annual basis and revises it as appropriate.
For non-U.S. benefit plans, actuarial assumptions reflect economic and market factors relevant to each country.
In July 2024, the UK Court of Appeal upheld a ruling in the matter of Virgin Media Limited versus NTL Pension Trustees II Limited, that certain historical amendments for contracted out defined benefit schemes were invalid if they were not accompanied by the correct actuarial confirmation, a decision that the Company was not a party to or involved in and could impact the Company's non-U.S. pension plan in the UK. The Company and its UK pension scheme trustee are reviewing this development, along with our actuaries, and considering whether this decision has any implications for its UK pension plan.
104
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
PENSION BENEFITS
The following amounts relate to the Company's significant pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations exceeding the fair value of plan assets:
The accumulated benefit obligation for the Company's U.S. defined benefit pension plans was $
11.8
billion and $
12.8
billion and for the Company's non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans was $
4.1
billion and $
4.7
billion as of December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively.
The Company's asset investment strategy for its U.S. pension plans focuses on maintaining a diversified portfolio using various asset classes in order to achieve the Company's long-term investment objectives on a risk adjusted basis. The Company's long-term target allocations are as follows:
45
%-
65
% fixed income securities and cash,
25
%-
40
% equity securities,
5
%-
10
% real estate investments, and
10
%-
20
% other types of investments. Fixed income securities include corporate bonds of companies from diversified industries, mortgage-backed securities, and U.S. Treasuries. Equity securities include publicly traded stock of companies and/or broad equity index exposures with exchange traded funds (ETFs) located inside the United States. Real estate investments include direct investments in commercial properties and investments in real estate funds. Other types of investments include investments in private equity that follow several different strategies. The Company reviews its assets on a regular basis to ensure that the Company is within the targeted asset allocation ranges and, if necessary, asset balances are adjusted back within target allocations.
The Company's non-U.S. pension assets are typically managed by decentralized fiduciary committees with the Honeywell Corporate Investments group providing investment guidance. The Company's non-U.S. investment policies are different for each country as local regulations and financial and tax considerations are part of the funding and investment allocation process in each country.
In accordance with ASC Topic 820,
Fair Value