operating, investing, and financing activities, as reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, are summarized as follows:
Three months ended March 31, 2025
Net cash provided by operating activities was driven by Net income, partially offset by changes in working capital driven by an increase in accounts receivable due to timing of customer cash collections.
Net cash used for investing activities was driven by $251 million of capital expenditures and $125 million of net payments from settlements of derivative contracts.
Net cash used for financing activities was driven by $1,902 million of repurchases of common stock and $732 million of cash dividends paid, partially offset by $1,442 million of net proceeds of commercial paper.
44
Honeywell International Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Three months ended March 31, 2025 compared with three months ended March 31, 2024
Net cash provided by operating activities increased by $149 million, driven by a $423 million favorable impact of other operating activities due to timing of customer advances, partially offset by a $286 million unfavorable impact of working capital driven by an increase in accounts receivable due to timing of customer cash collections.
Net cash used for investing activities increased by $98 million, driven by a $168 million net increase in payments from settlements of derivative contracts, partially offset by $70 million net decrease in investments.
Net cash (used for) provided by financing activities decreased by $4,876 million, driven by a $5,664 million decrease in long-term debt proceeds, as we issued long-term debt in 2024 to fund acquisitions, and a $1,231 million increase in repurchases of common stock, partially offset by a $1,689 million increase in net proceeds of commercial paper and a $529 million decrease in payments of long-term debt.
CASH REQUIREMENTS AND ASSESSMENT OF CURRENT LIQUIDITY
In addition to our normal operating cash requirements, our principal future cash requirements will include funding capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends, strategic acquisitions, and debt repayments. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, we repurchased common stock of $1.9 billion. Refer to the section titled Liquidity and Capital Resources of our 2024 Form 10-K for a discussion of our expected capital expenditures, share repurchases, mergers and acquisitions activity, and dividends for 2025.
We continually seek opportunities to improve our liquidity and working capital efficiency, which includes the extension of payment terms with our suppliers and transfer of our trade receivables to unaffiliated financial institutions on a true sale basis. The impact of these programs is not material to our overall liquidity.
Additionally, we continue to assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit, and cash flow contribution in order to identify target investment and acquisition opportunities in order to upgrade our