interests of CAES Systems Holdings LLC (CAES), enhancing the Company's defense and space portfolio with high-reliability radio frequency technologies, for total consideration of $
1,935
million, net of cash acquired. The business is included within the Aerospace Technologies reportable business segment.
The following table summarizes the preliminary determination of the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed that are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2025:
9
Honeywell International Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
The CAES identifiable intangible assets primarily include customer relationships and trademarks which will amortize over their estimated useful lives ranging from
two
to
15
years using straight line and accelerated amortization methods. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. As of March 31, 2025, the purchase accounting for CAES is subject to final adjustment, primarily for the valuation of intangible assets, amounts allocated to goodwill, and tax balances.
Civitanavi Systems S.p.A.
On August 19, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Civitanavi Systems S.p.A., a leader in position navigation and timing technology for the aerospace, defense, and industrial markets, for total consideration of $
200
million, net of cash acquired. The business is included within the Aerospace Technologies reportable business segment. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed with Civitanavi Systems S.p.A. are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2025, including $
75
million of intangible assets and $
107
million of goodwill, which is not deductible for tax purposes. As of March 31, 2025, the purchase accounting is subject to final adjustment, primarily for the valuation of intangible assets, amounts allocated to goodwill, and tax balances.
Carrier Global Corporation's Global Access Solutions Business
On June 3, 2024, the Company acquired
100
% of the outstanding equity interests of Carrier Global Corporation's Global Access Solutions business (Access Solutions), an innovative global leader in advanced access and security solutions, electronic locking systems, and contactless mobile key solutions, for total consideration of $
4,913
million, net of cash acquired. The business is included in the Building Automation reportable business segment.
The following table summarizes the preliminary determination of the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed that are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2025:
The Access Solutions identifiable intangible assets primarily include customer relationships, technology, and trademarks which will amortize over their estimated useful lives ranging from
10
to
20
years using straight line and accelerated amortization methods. The majority of the goodwill is