Industrial Automation and Energy and Sustainability Solutions reportable business segments. These charges include costs recorded in Cost of products and services sold, Selling, general and administrative expenses, or Other (income) expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Cost of products and services sold includes $
65
million primarily related to inventory reserves and the write-down of other assets, Selling, general and administrative includes $
185
million primarily related to reserves against outstanding accounts receivable and contract assets, impairment of intangible assets, the write-down of other assets, and employee severance, and Other (income) expense includes $
45
million related to foreign exchange revaluation on an intercompany loan with a Russian affiliate, impairment of property, plant and equipment, and expenses for called guarantees. Directly attributable to the Company's wind down of businesses and operations in Russia, but excluded from Other charges, is a $
2
million tax valuation allowance recorded to Tax expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.
During the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, the Company recognized Other charges of $
17
million related to the settlement of a contractual dispute with a Russian entity associated with the Company's suspension and wind down activities in Russia. The charges were recorded in Other (income) expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.
Given the uncertainty inherent in the Company's remaining obligations related to contracts with Russian counterparties, the Company does not believe it is possible to develop estimates of reasonably possible loss in excess of current accruals for these matters (other than as specifically set forth above). Based on available information to date, the Company’s estimate of potential future losses or other contingencies related to suspension and wind down activities, including any guarantee payments or any litigation costs or as otherwise related to the Company's wind down in Russia, could adversely affect the Company's consolidated results of operations in the periods recognized but would not be material with respect to the Company's consolidated financial position. See Note 19
Commitments and Contingencies
for a discussion of the recognition and measurement of estimate for contingencies.
71
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2022, Other charges include $
41
million of incremental long-term contract labor cost inefficiencies due to severe supply chain disruptions (attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic) relating to the warehouse automation business within the Industrial Automation reportable business segment. Certain of these costs incurred include amounts and provisions for anticipated losses recognized during 2022 when total estimated