safety, communications, navigation hardware, data and software applications, radar and surveillance systems, aircraft lighting, management and technical services, advanced systems and instruments, satellite and space components, aircraft wheels and brakes, and thermal systems. Aerospace Technologies also provides spare parts, repair, overhaul, and maintenance services (principally to aircraft operators), and sells licenses or intellectual property to other parties. Honeywell Forge solutions enable customers to turn data into predictive maintenance and predictive analytics to enable better fleet management and make flight operations more efficient.
12
Honeywell International Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
Industrial Automation
– A global provider of industrial automation solutions that deliver intelligent, sustainable, and secure operations for customers in refining/petrochemicals, life sciences, utilities, and warehouse and logistics segments. With millions of installed assets, Industrial Automation deploys outcome-based solutions to increase asset utilization; improve operational efficiency and labor productivity; reduce carbon emissions with less energy consumption; and enhance cyber security for critical infrastructure and operational assets. Industrial Automation offerings include automation control and instrumentation products and services; smart energy products; sensing technologies with an array of custom-engineered sensors and services; gas detection technologies and personal protective equipment; and system design, advanced automation equipment, software and analytics for manufacturing, distribution, and fulfillment operations. These products and services are combined with proprietary machine learning and artificial intelligence algorithms in products and projects which are digitally enabled through the Company's industry leading industrial Internet of Things (IoT) platform, Honeywell Forge.
Building Automation
– A global provider of products, software, solutions, and technologies that enable building owners and occupants to ensure their facilities are safe, energy efficient, sustainable, and productive. Building Automation products and services include advanced software applications for building control and optimization; sensors, switches, control systems, and instruments for energy management; access control; video surveillance; fire products; and installation, maintenance, and upgrades of systems. Honeywell Forge solutions enable customers to digitally manage buildings, connecting data from different assets to enable smart maintenance, improve building performance, and even protect from incoming security threats.
Energy and Sustainability Solutions
– A global provider of industry leading technology, processing, and licensing capabilities combined with material science capabilities and innovative