ongoing (income) expense in Cost of products and services sold, Research and development expenses, and Selling, general and administrative expenses. The remaining components of costs within Pension ongoing (income) expense, primarily interest costs and assumed return on plan assets, are recorded in Other (income) expense. The Company recognizes net actuarial gains or losses in excess of 10% of the greater of the fair value of plan assets or the plan's projected benefit obligation (the corridor) annually in the fourth quarter each year (MTM Adjustment). The MTM Adjustment is also reported in Other (income) expense.
SUPPLY CHAIN FINANCING
The Company maintains agreements with third-party financial institutions that offer voluntary supply chain financing (SCF) programs to suppliers. The SCF programs enable suppliers, at their sole discretion, to sell their receivables to third-party financial institutions in order to receive payment on receivables earlier than the negotiated commercial terms between suppliers and the Company. Supplier sale of receivables to third-party financial institutions is on terms negotiated between the supplier and the respective third-party financial institution. The Company agrees on commercial terms for the goods and services procured from suppliers, including prices, quantities, and payment terms, which normally range between 60 and 120 days, regardless of whether the supplier elects to participate in the SCF programs. A suppliers’ voluntary participation in the SCF programs has no bearing on the Company's payment terms and the Company has no economic interest in a supplier’s decision to participate in the SCF programs. The Company agrees to pay participating third-party financial institutions the stated amounts of confirmed invoices from suppliers on the original maturity dates of the invoices.
Amounts outstanding related to
SCF programs
are included in Accounts payable in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The impact of these programs is not material to the Company's overall liquidity.
The following table summarizes the Company's outstanding obligations confirmed as valid related to the SCF programs for the years ended December 31, 2024, and 2023:
60
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
SALES RECOGNITION
Product and service sales are recognized when or as the Company transfers control of the promised products or services to its customers. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring goods or providing services. Service sales, principally representing repair, maintenance, and engineering activities, are recognized over the contractual period or as services are rendered. Sales under long-term contracts with performance obligations satisfied over time are recognized using either an input or output method. The Company recognizes