to exceed
seven years
. At each balance sheet date, or earlier if an indicator of an impairment exists, the Company evaluates the recoverability of unamortized capitalized software costs based on estimated future undiscounted revenues net of estimated related costs over the remaining amortization period. Capitalized software held for internal use and held for sale is included in Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
Assets and liabilities of subsidiaries operating outside the United States with a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using year-end exchange rates. Sales, costs, and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates in effect during the year. Foreign currency translation gains and losses are included as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss. For subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary environments, inventories and property, plant and equipment, including related expenses, are remeasured at the exchange rate in effect on the date the assets were acquired, while monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured at year-end exchange rates. Remeasurement adjustments for these subsidiaries are included in earnings.
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
All derivative financial instruments are recorded on the balance sheet as assets or liabilities and measured at fair value. For derivatives designated as hedges of the fair value of assets or liabilities, the changes in fair values of both the derivatives and the hedged items are recorded in current earnings. For derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, the changes in fair value of the derivatives are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and subsequently recognized in earnings when the hedged items impact earnings.
Derivative financial instruments designated as hedges must be designated and effective as a hedge of the identified risk exposure at the inception of the contract. Changes in fair value of the derivative contract must be highly correlated with changes in fair value of the underlying hedged item at inception and over the life of the hedge contract. Cash flows of such derivative financial instruments are classified consistent with the underlying hedged item. The Company elected to exclude the time value of the derivatives (i.e., the forward points) from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and to recognize the initial value of the excluded component in earnings using the amortization approach. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as a net investment hedge, the gain or loss is reported as a component of Other comprehensive income (loss) and recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. The gain or loss will be subsequently reclassified into earnings when the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated.
LEASES
At the inception of a contract, the Company assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. The assessment