Committee includes Honeywell’s Chief Information Security Officer, Chief Security Officer, and senior representatives from finance, controllership, internal audit, investor relations, tax, and legal. Our governance, risk and compliance team, which is part of Honeywell’s enterprise security team, works in partnership with the Company’s internal audit team to review cybersecurity and IT-related internal controls as part of our overall internal controls process. The Cybersecurity Disclosure Committee informs the Security Governance Council and the Audit Committee of any cybersecurity incidents (if any) that have the potential to materially adversely impact the Company or our information systems.
Honeywell’s Board is responsible for cybersecurity risk oversight and delegated such oversight to the
Audit Committee
.
The Audit Committee, a committee comprised of independent Board members, four of whom have notable experience related to the oversight of cybersecurity issues, is responsible for oversight of Honeywell’s IT and cybersecurity risks and regularly reports to the Board on IT and cybersecurity matters. The Audit Committee oversees risk related to the protection of customer and employee data, trade secrets, and other proprietary information, the security of data on the cloud, persistent threats, and cybersecurity risks associated with the Company’s own products and facilities.
Our Chief Information Security Officer reports to our Chief Security Officer and oversees the global enterprise security team responsible for leading enterprise-wide information security strategy, architecture, and processes. The global enterprise information security team is responsible for infrastructure defense and security controls, performing vulnerability assessments, security incident management, and defining the parameters and standards of our information security risk management program. Our cybersecurity and information security risk management program includes risk assessment and mitigation through a threat intelligence-driven approach, application controls, and security monitoring. The risk management program leverages International Organization for Standardizations (ISO) 22301 standard for business continuity, ISO 27001 standard for information security management systems, and the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cyber Security Framework (NIST 800-171) for measuring overall readiness to respond to cyber threats.
Our Chief Information Security Officer has more than 20 years of experience in IT and information security, particularly in the engineering and technology industries. Our information security organization has more than 300 members, with expertise in: (i) application security, (ii) governance and compliance, (iii) program and vulnerability management, (iv) security engineering, (v) identity and access management, (vi) security operations security assurance, (vii) threat intelligence and security architecture, and (viii) incident