purposes. As of December 31, 2024, there were
no
outstanding borrowings under the
364-Day
Credit Agreement or
Five-Year
Credit Agreement.
NOTE 10.
LEASES
A significant portion of the Company's operating and finance lease portfolio includes corporate offices, research and development facilities, manufacturing sites, IT equipment, and automobiles. The majority of the Company's leases have remaining lease terms of
one
year to
20
years, some of which include options to extend the leases for
five
years or more. Operating lease ROU assets are included in Other assets. The current portion of operating lease liabilities are included in Accrued liabilities, and the non-current portion of operating lease liabilities are included in Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Finance lease ROU assets are included in Property, plant and equipment—net. The current portion of finance lease liabilities are included in Current maturities of long-term debt, and the non-current portion of finance lease liabilities are included in Long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
A portion of the Company's real estate leases are generally subject to annual changes in the Consumer Price Index (CPI). The changes to the CPI are treated as variable lease payments and recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments was incurred. In addition, a subset of the Company's automobile leases are considered variable. The variable lease payments for such automobile leases are based on actual mileage incurred at the stated contractual rate and recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments are incurred.
80
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows:
Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows:
81
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
As of December 31, 2024, maturities of lease liabilities were as follows:
NOTE 11.
DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS
DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES
The Company uses derivative financial instruments to manage its risks related to interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and commodity prices. Derivative financial instruments are not used for trading or other speculative purposes.
CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT
The Company continues to monitor the creditworthiness of its counterparties to mitigate the risk of nonperformance. Financial instruments, including derivatives, expose the Company to counterparty credit risk. In addition, the Company grants credit terms to its customers in the normal course of business. The terms and conditions of the Company's credit sales are designed to mitigate or eliminate concentrations of credit risk with