International Inc.
6
Honeywell International Inc.
COMPETITION
We are subject to competition in substantially all product and service areas. Some of our key competitors include but are not limited to:
Our businesses compete on a variety of factors such as performance, applied technology, product innovation, product recognition, quality, reliability, customer service, delivery, and price. Brand identity, service to customers, and quality are important competitive factors for our products and services. Our products face considerable price competition. While our competitive position varies among our products and services, we are a significant competitor in each of our major product and service areas.
BACKLOG
Our backlog represents the estimated remaining value of work to be performed under firm contracts. Backlog is equal to our remaining performance obligations under the contracts that meet the guidance on revenue from contracts with customers as discussed in Note 3
Revenue Recognition and Contracts with Customers
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Backlog was $35,277 million and $31,777 million as of December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We expect to recognize approximately 54% of our remaining performance obligations as revenue in 2025, and the remaining balance thereafter.
U.S. GOVERNMENT SALES
The Company, principally through our Aerospace Technologies reportable business segment, sells to the U.S. government acting through its various departments and agencies and through prime contractors, including the U.S. Department of Defense (as both a prime contractor and subcontractor). We do not expect our overall operating results to be significantly affected by any proposed changes in 2025 federal defense spending due to the varied mix of the government programs which impact us (OEM production, engineering development programs, aftermarket spares and repairs, and overhaul programs), as well as our diversified customer base with commercial dual-use technologies.
7
Honeywell International Inc.
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS
We engage in manufacturing, sales, service, and research and development globally. U.S. exports and non-U.S. manufactured products are significant to our operations. U.S. exports represented
14%
of our total sales in 2024, 13% in 2023, and 12% in 2022. Non-U.S. manufactured products and services, mainly in Europe and Asia, were
43%
of our total sales in 2024, 42% in 2023, and 40% in 2022.
Information related to risks associated with our foreign operations is included in the section titled
Risk Factors
under the caption “Macroeconomic and Industry Risks.”
RAW MATERIALS
The vast majority of principal raw materials used in our operations are readily available. We maintain mitigation strategies to reduce the impact of disruptions, including digital solutions to assist in identifying and managing shortages, pricing actions, longer term planning for constrained materials, material supply tracking tools, and direct engagement