possess sufficient information to reasonably estimate the amounts of environmental liabilities to be recorded upon future completion of studies, litigation, or settlements, and neither the timing nor the amount of the ultimate costs associated with environmental matters can be determined, although they could be material to the Company's consolidated results of operations and operating cash flows in the periods recognized or paid. However, considering the Company's past experience and existing reserves, the Company does not expect that environmental matters will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position.
95
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
In conjunction with the Resideo spin-off, the Company entered into an indemnification and reimbursement agreement with a Resideo subsidiary, pursuant to which Resideo’s subsidiary has an ongoing obligation to make cash payments to Honeywell in amounts equal to
90
% of Honeywell’s annual net spending for environmental matters at certain sites as defined in the agreement. The amount payable to Honeywell in any given year is subject to a cap of $
140
million, and the obligation will continue until the earlier of December 31, 2043, or December 31 of the third consecutive year during which the annual payment obligation is less than $
25
million.
Reimbursements associated with this agreement are collected from Resideo quarterly and were $
140
million in both 2024 and 2023 and offset operating cash outflows incurred by the Company. As the Company incurs costs for environmental matters deemed probable and reasonably estimable related to the sites covered by the indemnification and reimbursement agreement, a corresponding receivable from Resideo for
90
% of such costs is also recorded. This receivable amount recorded in 2024 and 2023 was
$
202
million and $
187
million, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, Other current assets and Other assets included $
140
million and $
583
million, res
pectively, for the short-term and long-term portion of the receivable amount due from Resideo under the indemnification and reimbursement agreement. As of December 31, 2023, Other current assets and Other assets included $
140
million and $
521
million, respectively, for the short-term and long-term portion of the receivable amount due from Resideo under the indemnification and reimbursement agreement.
ASBESTOS MATTERS
Honeywell is named in asbestos-related personal injury claims related to North American Refractories Company (NARCO), which was sold in 1986, and the Bendix Friction Materials (Bendix) business, which was sold in 2014.
The following tables summarize information concerning NARCO and Bendix asbestos-related balances:
ASBESTOS-RELATED LIABILITIES
INSURANCE RECOVERIES FOR ASBESTOS-RELATED LIABILITIES
96
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.