these outputs.
Failure to increase productivity through sustainable operational improvements, as well as an inability to successfully execute repositioning projects or to effectively manage our workforce, may reduce our profitability or adversely impact our businesses.
Our profitability and margin growth are dependent upon our ability to drive sustainable improvements. We seek productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, such as consolidation of manufacturing facilities, transitions to cost-competitive regions, and product line rationalizations. Risks associated with these actions include delays in execution, additional unexpected costs, realization of fewer than estimated productivity improvements, and adverse effects on employee morale. We may not realize the full operational or financial benefits we expect, the recognition of these benefits may be delayed, and these actions may potentially disrupt our operations. In addition, organizational changes, increased attrition, failure to create and implement a succession plan for key Company positions, not retaining key talent, inability to attract new employees with unique skills, trends in rising labor costs and labor availability, labor relations difficulties, or workforce stoppage could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial position, and results of operations. Additionally, certain personnel may be required to receive various clearances and substantial training in order to work on certain programs or perform certain tasks. Necessary security clearances may be delayed, which may impact our ability to perform on our U.S. government contracts. We also may not be successful in training or developing qualified personnel with the requisite relevant skills or security clearances.
As a supplier to the U.S. government, we are subject to unique risks, such as the right of the U.S. government to terminate contracts for convenience and to conduct audits and investigations of our operations and performance.
U.S. government contracts are subject to termination by the government, either for the convenience of the government or for our failure to perform consistent with the terms of the applicable contract. Our contracts with the U.S. government are also subject to government audits that may recommend downward price adjustments and other changes. When appropriate and prudent, we made adjustments and paid voluntary refunds in the past and may do so in the future. In addition, U.S. government contracts are subject to congressional funding, which may be unavailable due to changes in priorities or subject to continuing resolution, which may result in funding reductions, eliminations, or other effects that could impact our business.
We are also subject to government investigations of business practices and compliance with government procurement and security regulations. If, as a result of any such investigation or other government investigations