with key suppliers to meet customer demand. We assist certain suppliers facing manufacturing challenges by committing our own resources to their sites and facilities. Our relationships with primary and secondary suppliers allow us to reliably source key components and raw materials. Where we cannot procure key components or raw materials, we consider altering existing products and developing new products to satisfy customer needs. Alterations to existing products and the development of new products undergo product quality controls and engineering qualification, prior to releasing to our customers. We continue to leverage existing supplier relationships and are not dependent on any one supplier for a material amount of our raw materials. We believe these mitigation strategies enable us to reduce supply risk, accelerate new product innovation, and expand our penetration in the markets we serve. Additionally, due to the strenuous quality controls and product qualification we perform on a new or altered product, these mitigation strategies have not impacted, and we do not expect them to impact, product quality or reliability.
Prices of certain key raw materials are expected to fluctuate. We offset potential raw material cost increases with formula-driven or long-term supply agreements, price increases, and hedging activities, where feasible. Tariffs on key components, particularly those resulting from trade tensions between major economies, continue to affect pricing and availability. We believe our short-term and long-term mitigation strategies position us well to mitigate and reduce the impact these factors may have on our businesses. As such, we do not presently anticipate that a shortage of raw materials will cause any material adverse impacts during 2025.
See the section titled
Risk Factors
for additional information on supply chain constraints.
PATENTS, TRADEMARKS, LICENSES, AND DISTRIBUTION RIGHTS
Our reportable business segments are not dependent upon any single patent or related group of patents, trademarks, licenses, or distribution rights. In our judgment, our intellectual property rights are adequate for the conduct of our business. We believe that, in the aggregate, the rights under our patents, trademarks, licenses, and distribution rights are generally important to our operations, but we do not consider any individual patent, trademark, or any licensing or distribution rights related to a specific process or product to be of material importance in relation to our total business.
8
Honeywell International Inc.
REGULATIONS
Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign government regulations, including requirements regarding the protection of human health and the environment. We design our policies, practices, and procedures to provide a safe operating environment, to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage, and of resulting financial liability, in connection with our business. Some risk of