amount of all insured claims and liabilities. The incurrence of significant liabilities for which there is no or insufficient insurance coverage could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, and financial condition. See Note 19
Commitments and Contingencies
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion regarding the uncertainty associated with asbestos-related liabilities.
36
Honeywell International Inc.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS
Information relating to market risks is included within
Liquidity and Capital
Resources
of our Form 10-K under the caption “Financial Instruments.”
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
(Dollars in tables in millions)
We leverage operating cash flows as the primary source of liquidity. Each of our businesses focus on increasing operating cash flows through revenue growth, margin expansion, and improved working capital turnover. We also maintain other key sources of liquidity, including U.S. cash balances, and the ability to access non-U.S. cash balances, short-term debt from the commercial paper market, long-term borrowings, committed credit lines, and access to the public debt and equity markets.
CASH
As of December 31, 2024, and 2023, we held $11.0 billion and $8.1 billion, respectively, of cash and cash equivalents, including our short-term investments. We monitor third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents on a daily basis. Our emphasis is primarily safety of principal and secondarily maximizing yield of those funds. We diversify our cash and cash equivalents among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one counterparty.
As of December 31, 2024, we held $8.0 billion of the Company’s cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries. We do not have material amounts related to any jurisdiction subject to currency control restrictions that impact our ability to access and repatriate such amounts. Under current laws, we do not expect taxes on repatriation or restrictions on amounts held outside of the U.S. to have a material effect on our overall liquidity.
CASH FLOW SUMMARY
Our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities, as reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, are summarized as follows:
37
Honeywell International Inc.
Year ended December 31, 2024
Net cash provided by operating activities was largely driven by Net income.
Net cash used for investing activities was driven by $8,880 million of cash paid for acquisitions and $1,164 million of capital expenditures.
Net cash provided by financing activities was driven by $10,408 million of long-term debt proceeds and $2,260 million of net proceeds of commercial paper, partially offset by $2,902 million of cash dividends paid, $1,812 million of repayments of long-term debt, and $1,655 million of repurchases of common stock.
2024 compared with 2023
Net cash provided by operating activities increased by