subject to volatility or adversely affected by changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, or interpretations thereof.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)/G20 and other invited countries, developed a global tax framework inclusive of a 15% global minimum tax under the Pillar Two Global Anti-Base Erosion Rules (Pillar Two). On December 15, 2022, the Council of the European Union (EU) formally adopted the OECD’s framework to achieve a coordinated implementation amongst EU Member States consistent with EU law. The EU’s Pillar Two Directive effective dates are January 1, 2024, and January 1, 2025, for different aspects of the directive. Other major jurisdictions are actively considering and implementing changes to their tax laws to adopt certain parts of the OECD’s proposals. We have assessed this framework and determined, based upon available guidance, that these changes will not have a material impact to our results of operations. Any future changes in OECD guidance or interpretations, including local country tax legislative changes thereof, could impact our initial assessment; therefore, we will continue to monitor and refine our assessment as further guidance is made available.
Changes in legislation or government regulations or policies can have a significant impact on our results of operations.
The sales and margins of each of our reportable business segments are directly impacted by government regulations, including environmental, safety, performance, and product certification regulations. Within Aerospace Technologies, the operating results of Commercial Aviation Original Equipment and Commercial Aviation Aftermarket may be impacted by, among other things, mandates of the Federal Aviation Administration and other similar international regulatory bodies regulating the installation of equipment on aircraft. Our Defense and Space business unit may be affected by changes in government procurement regulations. Within Building Automation and Industrial Automation, the demand for and cost of providing products, services and solutions can be impacted by fire, security, safety, health care, environmental, and energy efficiency standards and regulations. Energy and Sustainability Solutions' results of operations can be impacted by environmental and health standards, regulations, and judicial determinations, including potential per/polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) legislation and regulations that, if adopted, could impact the sale of certain products in our Advanced Materials business unit, without fully assessing level of risk or environmental impact. Growth in all our businesses within emerging markets may be adversely impacted by the inability to acquire and retain qualified employees where local employment law mandates may be restrictive. Changes in such regulations and government policies could negatively impact us; for instance, noncompliance with legislation and regulations can result in fines and