Matters). The comprehensive resolution also resolves DOJ and SEC investigations relating to a matter involving a foreign subsidiary’s prior contract with Unaoil S.A.M. in Algeria executed in 2011 (the Unaoil Matter).
In connection with the comprehensive resolution, (i) the Company agreed to pay a total equivalent of $
203
million, which payment occurred in January 2023, to the DOJ, the SEC, and the Brazilian Authorities, collectively, in penalties, disgorgement, and prejudgment interest, (ii) the Company’s subsidiary, UOP, LLC (UOP), entered into a
three-year
Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) with the DOJ for charges related to the UOP Matters, (iii) UOP entered into leniency agreements with the Brazilian Authorities related to the UOP Matter in Brazil, and (iv) the Company entered into an agreement with the SEC that resolves allegations relating to the UOP Matters and the Unaoil Matter. Pursuant to these agreements, the Company agreed to undertake certain compliance measures and compliance reporting obligations. These agreements entirely resolved the Petrobras and Unaoil investigations.
OTHER MATTERS
The Company is subject to a number of other lawsuits, investigations, and disputes (some of which involve substantial amounts claimed) arising out of the conduct of the Company's business, including matters relating to commercial transactions, government contracts, product liability, prior acquisitions and divestitures, employee benefit plans, intellectual property, and environmental, health, and safety matters. The Company recognizes liabilities for any contingency that is probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. The Company continually assesses the likelihood of adverse judgments or outcomes in such matters, as well as potential ranges of probable losses (taking into consideration any insurance recoveries), based on a careful analysis of each matter with the assistance of outside legal counsel and, if applicable, other experts.
Given the uncertainty inherent in litigation and investigations, including those discussed in this Note 15, the Company cannot predict when or how these matters will be resolved and does not believe it is possible to develop estimates of reasonably possible loss (or a range of possible loss) in excess of current accruals for commitment and contingency matters. Considering the Company's past experience and existing accruals, the Company does not expect the outcome of such matters, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position. Because most contingencies are resolved over long periods of time, potential liabilities are subject to change due to new developments, changes in settlement strategy or the impact of evidentiary requirements, which could cause the Company to pay damage awards or settlements (or become subject to equitable remedies) that could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations or