One of our wholly-owned subsidiaries has a placer claim for and operates a chabazite ore surface mine in Arizona. Information concerning mine safety and other regulatory matters associated with this mine is required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K and is included in Exhibit 95 to this Form 10-K.
48
Honeywell International Inc.
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) under the ticker symbol “HON.” We increased our quarterly dividend rate by 5% to $1.13 per share of common stock effective with the fourth quarter 2024 dividend. We intend to continue to pay quarterly dividends in 2025.
The number of record holders of our common stock as of December 31, 2024, was
31,568.
Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is included in the section titled
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
under the caption “Equity Compensation Plans.”
On April 24, 2023, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to $10.0 billion of Honeywell common stock. The repurchase authorization does not have an expiration date and may be amended or terminated by the Board at any time without prior notice.
Repurchases may be made through a variety of methods, which could include open market purchases, accelerated share repurchase transactions, negotiated block transactions, 10b5-1 plans, other transactions that may be structured through investment banking institutions or privately negotiated, or a combination of the foregoing. Honeywell presently expects to repurchase outstanding shares from time to time (i) to offset the dilutive impact of employee stock-based compensation plans, including option exercises, restricted unit vesting, and matching contributions under our savings plans, and (ii) to reduce share count via share repurchases as and when attractive opportunities arise. The amount and timing of future repurchases may vary depending on market conditions and the level of operating, financing, and other investing activities.
During the quarter ended December 31, 2024
, Honeywell purchased 1.9 million shares of its common stock, par value $1 per share. As of December 31, 2024, $5.5 billion remained available
under the share repurchase authorization for additional share repurchases. The following table summarizes our purchases of Honeywell's common stock for the quarter ended December 31, 2024:
49
Honeywell International Inc.
PERFORMANCE GRAPH
The following graph compares the five-year cumulative total return on our common stock to the total returns on the Standard & Poor's (S&P) 500 Stock Index, composite of S&P’s Industrial Conglomerates and Aerospace and Defense indices, on a 55%/45% weighted basis (the Composite Index) and Nasdaq Industrial Select Sector (XLI