alone selling price.
Performance obligations are satisfied as of a point in time or over time. Performance obligations are supported by contracts with customers, providing a framework for the nature of the distinct goods, services, or bundle of goods and services. The timing of satisfying the performance obligation is typically indicated by the terms of the contract.
The Company's remaining performance obligations as of March 31, 2025, are $
36,097
million.
Performance obligations recognized as of March 31, 2025, will be satisfied over the course of future periods. The Company's disclosure of the timing for satisfying the performance obligation is based on the requirements of contracts with customers. However, from time to time, these contracts may be subject to modifications, impacting the timing of satisfying the performance obligations. Performance obligations expected to be satisfied within one year and greater than one year are
53
% and
47
%, respectively.
The timing of satisfaction of the Company's performance obligations does not significantly vary from the typical timing of payment. Typical payment terms of the Company's fixed price over time contracts include progress payments based on specified events or milestones or based on project progress. For some contracts, the Company may be entitled to receive an advance payment.
The Company applied the practical expedient for certain revenue streams to exclude the value of remaining performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected term of one year or less or (ii) contracts for which the Company recognizes revenue in proportion to the amount the Company has the right to invoice for services performed.
14
Honeywell International Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
NOTE 5.
REPOSITIONING AND OTHER CHARGES
A summary of net repositioning and other charges follows:
The following table summarizes the pre-tax distribution of total net repositioning and other charges by classification in the Consolidated Statement of Operations:
The following table summarizes the pre-tax amount of total net repositioning and other charges by reportable business segment. These amounts are excluded from segment profit as described in Note 18
Segment Financial Data
:
NET REPOSITIONING CHARGES
In the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company recognized gross repositioning charges totaling $
36
million, including severance costs of $
24
million related to workforce reductions of
713
manufacturing and administrative positions primarily in the Company's Building Automation and Industrial Automation reportable business segments. The workforce reductions related to productivity and ongoing functional transformation initiatives. The repositioning charges included asset impairments of $
1
million related to the write-down of certain assets within the Company's Industrial