the Honeywell UK Pension Scheme, whereby the cost of providing pension benefits to plan participants is funded by the policies. The cash flows from the policies are intended to match the pension benefits. The fair value of these policies is based on an estimate of the policies' exit price.
The Company's funding policy for qualified defined benefit pension plans is to contribute amounts at least sufficient to satisfy regulatory funding standards. In 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company was not required to make contributions to the U.S. pension plans and no contributions were made. The Company is not required to make any contributions to the U.S. pension plans in 2025. In 2024, contributions of $
15
million were made to the non-U.S. pension plans to satisfy regulatory funding requirements. In 2025, the Company expects to make contributions of cash and/or marketable securities of approximately $
6
million to the non-U.S. pension plans to satisfy regulatory funding standards. Contributions for both the U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans do not reflect benefits paid directly from Company assets.
108
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
Benefit payments, including amounts to be paid from Company assets, and reflecting expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid as follows:
During the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, the Company completed
no
repurchases of outstanding Honeywell shares of common stock from the Honeywell U.S. Pension Plan Master Trust. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, the Company repurchased $
200
million of outstanding Honeywell shares of common stock from the Honeywell U.S. Pension Plan Master Trust.
OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS
Benefit payments reflecting expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid as follows:
109
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
NOTE 21.
OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE
See Note 19
Commitments and Contingencies
for more information on the UOP Matters, NARCO Buyout, and HWI Sale. See Note 4
Repositioning and Other Charges
for further discussion of the expense related to the Russia-Ukraine conflict.
NOTE 22.
SEGMENT FINANCIAL DATA
Honeywell globally manages its business operations through
four
reportable business segments. Segment information is consistent with how the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who is the Company's chief operating decision maker, and management reviews the businesses, makes investing and resource allocation decisions, and assesses operating performance.
Effective during the first quarter of 2024, the Company realigned certain of its business units comprising its historical Performance Materials and Technologies and Safety and Productivity Solutions reportable business