ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
There have been no material changes to our Critical Accounting Estimates presented in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a discussion of the Company’s Critical Accounting Estimates, see the section titled Critical Accounting Estimates in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
See Note 2
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.
ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS
For a discussion of the Company’s quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risks, see the section titled Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. As of March 31, 2025, there has been no material change in this information.
47
Honeywell International Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Honeywell management, including the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based upon that evaluation, the Chairman and CEO and the CFO concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to ensure information required to be disclosed in the reports that Honeywell files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chairman and CEO, our CFO, and our Controller, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There were no changes that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Honeywell’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
48
Honeywell International Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
We are subject to a number of lawsuits, investigations, and claims (some of which involve substantial amounts) arising out of the conduct of our business. See a discussion of environmental, asbestos, and other litigation matters in Note 15
Commitments and Contingencies
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
There were no matters requiring disclosure pursuant to the requirement to disclose certain environmental matters involving potential monetary sanctions in excess of $300,000.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Other than as noted below, there have been no material changes to our Risk Factors presented in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K under the section titled Risk Factors. For further