response.
From time to time,
we engage a third-party to perform periodic, internal security reviews/audits, as well as assess the adequacy of our risk management program
, with the last such engagement occurring during the second half of 2024.
47
Honeywell International Inc.
We rely on third-party service providers for certain critical or key infrastructure, solutions, and services across our operations. Honeywell has a third-party risk management program that assesses risks from vendors and suppliers that provide, amongst other things, key information and supply chain services to Honeywell. In addition, the Company maintains business continuity and disaster recovery plans as well as a cybersecurity insurance policy.
Honeywell maintains cybersecurity and information security awareness training programs for employees. Formal training on topics relating to the Company’s cybersecurity, data privacy and information security policies and procedures is mandatory for all employees with access to the Company’s network. Training is administered and tracked through online learning modules. Additionally, Honeywell periodically engages in cyber crisis response table-top simulations to assess our ability to adapt to security-related threats. Improper or illegitimate use of the Company’s information system resources or violation of the Company’s information security policies and procedures may result in disciplinary action.
To date, no risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our b
usiness, our business strategy, our results of operations or financial condition.
Refer to “Our business, reputation, and financial performance may be materially impacted by cybersecurity attacks on our IT infrastructure and products” in the section titled
Risk Factors
of this Annual Report for further information on our cybersecurity risks. In the event an attack or other intrusion were to be successful, we have a response team of internal and external resources engaged and prepared to respond
.
PROPERTIES
We have approxim
ately 722 locations, of which 174 are manufacturing sites.
Our properties and equipment are in good operating condition and are adequate for our present needs. We do not anticipate difficulty in renewing existing leases as they expire or in finding alternative facilities. Our locations by geographic area are as follows:
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
We are subject to a number of lawsuits, investigations, and claims (some of which involve substantial amounts) arising out of the conduct of our business. See a discussion of environmental, asbestos, and other litigation matters in Note 19
Commitments and Contingencies
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
There were no matters requiring disclosure pursuant to the requirement to disclose certain environmental matters involving potential monetary sanctions in excess of $300,000.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES