to the Company's consolidated results of operations and operating cash flows in the periods recognized or paid. However, considering the Company's past experience and existing reserves, the Company does not expect that environmental matters will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position.
In conjunction with the Resideo Technologies, Inc. (Resideo) spin-off, the Company entered into an indemnification and reimbursement agreement with a Resideo subsidiary, pursuant to which Resideo’s subsidiary has an ongoing obligation to make cash payments to Honeywell in amounts equal to
90
% of Honeywell’s annual net spending for environmental matters at certain sites as defined in the agreement. The amount payable to Honeywell in any given year is subject to a cap of $
140
million, and the obligation will continue until the earlier of December 31, 2043, or December 31 of the third consecutive year during which the annual payment obligation is less than $
25
million.
Reimbursements associated with this agreement are collected from Resideo quarterly and were $
35
million in the three months ended March 31, 2025, and offset operating cash outflows incurred by the Company. As the Company incurs costs for environmental matters deemed probable and reasonably estimable related to the sites covered by the indemnification and reimburse
ment agreement, a corresponding receivable from Resideo for
90
% of such costs is also recorded. This receivable amount recorded in the three months ended March 31, 2025, was $
90
million. As of March 31, 2025, Other current assets and Other assets included $
140
million and $
637
million, respectively, for the short-term and long-term portion of the receivable amount due from Resideo under the indemnification and reimbursement agree
ment.
ASBESTOS MATTERS
Honeywell is named in asbestos-related personal injury claims related to the Bendix Friction Materials (Bendix) business, which was sold in 2014.
The following tables summarize information concerning Bendix asbestos-related balances:
ASBESTOS-RELATED LIABILITIES
INSURANCE RECOVERIES FOR ASBESTOS-RELATED LIABILITIES
25
Honeywell International Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
Bendix asbestos-related balances are included in the following balance sheet accounts:
Bendix manufactured automotive brake linings that contained chrysotile asbestos in an encapsulated form. Claimants consist largely of individuals who allege exposure to asbestos from brakes from either performing or being in the vicinity of individuals who performed brake replacements.
The following tables present information regarding Bendix-related asbestos claims activity:
Honeywell experienced average resolution values per claim excluding legal costs as follows:
The Consolidated Financial Statements reflect an estimated liability for resolution of asserted (claims filed