and restrictions, lower GDP growth or recession in the U.S. or globally, supply chain disruptions, capital markets volatility, inflation, and certain regional conflicts, which can affect our performance in both the near and long term. In addition, no assurance can be given that any plan, initiative, projection, goal, commitment, expectation, or prospect set forth in this Form 10-Q can or will be achieved. These forward-looking statements should be considered in light of the information included in this report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including, without limitation, the
Risk Factors
, as well as the description of trends and other factors in
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
, set forth in this report and our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any forward-looking plans described herein are not final and may be modified or abandoned at any time.
1
Honeywell International Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ABOUT HONEYWELL
Honeywell International Inc. (Honeywell, we, us, our, or the Company) is an integrated operating company serving a broad range of industries and geographies around the world. Our products and solutions enable a safer, more comfortable, and more productive world, enhancing the quality of life of people around the globe. Our business is aligned with three powerful megatrends – automation, the future of aviation, and energy transition – underpinned by our Honeywell Accelerator operating system and Honeywell Forge Internet of Things (IoT) platform. Our portfolio of solutions is uniquely positioned to blend physical products with software to serve customers worldwide. As a trusted partner, we help organizations solve the world's toughest, most complex challenges, providing actionable solutions and innovations through our Aerospace Technologies, Industrial Automation, Building Automation, and Energy and Sustainability Solutions business segments that help make the world smarter and safer, as well as more secure and sustainable. The Honeywell brand dates back to 1906, and the Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1985.
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, are available free of charge on our Investor Relations website (investor.honeywell.com) under the heading Financials (see SEC Filings) immediately after they are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Honeywell uses our Investor Relations website, along with press releases on our primary Honeywell website (honeywell.com) under the heading News & Media, as a means of disclosing information which may be of interest or material to our investors and for complying with disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor our Investor Relations website and Honeywell News feed, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, webcasts, and social media.