Automation reportable business segment. The repositioning charges also included exit costs of $
11
million related to current period costs incurred for closure obligations associated with site transitions primarily in the Company's Industrial Automation and Building Automation reportable business segments and corporate function. Also, $
27
million of pr
eviously established reserves, primarily for severance, were returned to income due to higher-than-expected voluntary exits and adjustments to the scope of previously announced repositioning actions.
15
Honeywell International Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
In the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company recognized gross repositioning charges totaling $
49
million, including severance costs of $
33
million related to workforce reductions of
1,362
manufacturing and administrative positions primarily in the Company's Industrial Automation and Building Automation reportable business segments. The workforce reductions related to productivity and ongoing functional transformation initiatives. The repositioning charges included asset impairments of $
1
million primarily related to the write-down of certain assets within the Company's Industrial Automation reportable business segment. The repositioning charges also included exit costs of $
15
million related to current period costs incurred for closure obligations associated with site transitions primarily in the Company's Industrial Automation reportable business segment and corporate function. Also, $
15
million of previously established reserves, primarily for severance, were returned to income due to higher-than-expected voluntary exits and adjustments to the scope of previously announced repositioning actions.
The following table summarizes the status of the Company's repositioning reserves, excluding amounts that are included in Liabilities held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheet:
Certain repositioning projects will recognize exit costs in future periods when the actual liability is incurred. Such exit costs incurred in the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, wer
e $
11
million
and $
12
million, respectively.
OTHER CHARGES
During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company recognized Other charges of $
17
million related to the settle
ment of a contractual dispute with a Russian entity associated with the Company's suspension and wind down activities in Russia. The charges were recorded in Other (income) expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.
Given the uncertainty inherent in the Company's remaining obligations related to contracts with Russian counterparties, the Company does not believe it is possible to develop estimates of reasonably possible loss in excess of current accruals for these matters (other than as specifically set forth above). Based on available information