application permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impacts of this guidance on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
8
Honeywell International Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Unaudited)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
, which requires companies to enhance the disclosures about segment expenses. The new standard requires the disclosure of the Company’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), expanded incremental line-item disclosures of significant segment expenses used by the CODM for decision-making, and the inclusion of previous annual only segment disclosure requirements on a quarterly basis. This ASU should be applied retrospectively for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company adopted this guidance for annual disclosures for the year ended December 31, 2024, and interim disclosures for the first quarter of 2025. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
NOTE 3.
ACQUISITIONS, DIVESTITURES, AND ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE
ACQUISITIONS
Sundyne
On March 4, 2025, the Company agreed to acquire Sundyne in an all-cash transaction for $
2,160
million. The transaction is subject to regulatory review and approval and customary closing conditions. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2025 and the business will be included within the Energy and Sustainability Solutions reportable business segment.
Air Products' Liquefied Natural Gas Process Technology and Equipment Business
On September 30, 2024, the Company acquired
100
% of the outstanding equity interests of Air Products' liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment business (LNG), strengthening the Company's energy transition portfolio, for total consideration of $
1,837
million, net of cash acquired. The business is included within the Energy and Sustainability Solutions reportable business segment.
The following table summarizes the preliminary determination of the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed that are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2025:
The LNG identifiable intangible assets primarily include customer relationships and technology which will amortize over their estimated useful lives ranging from
four
to
20
years using accelerated amortization methods. The goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. As of March 31, 2025, the purchase accounting is subject to final adjustment, primarily for the valuation of intangible assets, amounts allocated to goodwill, working capital adjustments, and tax balances.
CAES Systems Holdings LLC
On August 30, 2024, the Company acquired
100
% of the outstanding equity