programs.
13
Honeywell International Inc.
TRAINING AND LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT
Investing in continuous learning and leadership development is at the core of our culture and long-term business growth strategy. Learning and training underscores our culture of development, continuous improvement, and integrity and compliance. We offer and encourage career and leadership development programs and learning available on Honeywell Accelerator.
We expect our people managers to model behaviors that promote a culture that is open and inclusive for all employees. We help managers develop this skill as they do any other leadership skill through training programs, interactive learning, and real-time events, including the hiring and talent review processes. Our broad portfolio of leadership development programs provide training in core management skills to leaders across the organization. We deploy unconscious bias and inclusive leadership training to our global workforce to educate and influence behavior.
INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY
As a global enterprise serving customers from all backgrounds, in almost every geography, and in a wide array of end markets, Inclusion and Diversity is a fundamental value that enables our long-term strategy. We strive for an inclusive environment where all employees feel valued and respected, and can innovate to solve the world's most challenging problems. With our global programs and inclusive culture, we recruit, develop, retain, and promote top talent around the world. We continue to build partnerships and develop resources to support our employees globally.
Our commitment to Inclusion and Diversity starts at the top with a diverse Board of Directors (the Board) and executive management team, who represent a broad spectrum of backgrounds and perspectives. We believe that the diversity of the Board and the diversity of Honeywell’s executive leadership supports our evolving business strategy and is a testament to Honeywell’s ongoing commitment to the merit-based hiring of diverse talent, and the development and retention of that talent.
Our Global Inclusion and Diversity Steering Committee is co-sponsored by our Chairman and CEO, Senior Vice President and General Counsel, and Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer. The committee fortifies our inclusion and diversity governance structure and is augmented by the councils embedded in each of our business groups. The governance structure provides a scalable model that supports our nine employee networks. Each of our employee networks are open to all employees and participation is voluntary. Through our networks, we foster collaboration and belonging, enabling everyone to share and learn from one another and fully contribute at work and in the community in an inclusive and supportive environment.
14
Honeywell International Inc.
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
(Dollars in tables and graphs in millions, except per share