million from the Consolidated Balance Sheet and recognized a charge of $
1.325
billion in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and accrued a corresponding liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheet for the Buyout Amount. In addition, the Company recognized a benefit of $
295
million in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and corresponding asset in Other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet for Honeywell's rights to the proceeds from the HWI Sale. The benefit of $
295
million offset the charge for the Buyout Amount.
On February 16, 2023, the HWI Sale closed. Pursuant to the Amended Buyout Agreement, during 2024 and 2023, Honeywell received $
3
million and $
275
million of proceeds from the HWI sale, respectively. See Note 12
Fair Value Measurements
for further information on the related proceeds and remaining amount under the Amended Buyout Agreement.
Bendix Products
– Bendix manufactured automotive brake linings that contained chrysotile asbestos in an encapsulated form. Claimants consist largely of individuals who allege exposure to asbestos from brakes from either performing or being in the vicinity of individuals who performed brake replacements.
The following tables present information regarding Bendix-related asbestos claims activity:
Honeywell has experienced average resolution values per claim excluding legal costs as follows:
The Consolidated Financial Statements reflect an estimated liability for resolution of asserted (claims filed as of the financial statement date) and unasserted Bendix-related asbestos claims, which exclude the Company’s ongoing legal fees to defend such asbestos claims which will continue to be expensed as they are incurred.
The Company reflects the inclusion of all years of epidemiological disease projection through 2059 when estimating the liability for unasserted Bendix-related asbestos claims. Such liability for unasserted Bendix-related asbestos claims is based on historic and anticipated claims filing experience and dismissal rates, disease classifications, and average resolution values in the tort system over a defined look-back period. The Company historically valued Bendix asserted and unasserted claims using a five-year look-back period. The Company reviews the valuation assumptions and average resolution values used to estimate the cost of Bendix asserted and unasserted claims during the fourth quarter each year.
98
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
The Company experienced fluctuations in average resolution values year-over-year in each of the past five years with no well-established trends in either direction. In 2023, the Company observed two consecutive years of increasing average resolution values (2023 and 2022), with more volatility in the earlier years of the five-year period (2019 through 2021). Based on these observations, the Company,