except per share amounts)
The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of Honeywell International Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (Honeywell, we, us, our, or the Company) for the three months ended March 31, 2025. The financial information as of March 31, 2025, should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, contained in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Certain prior year amounts are reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.
BUSINESS UPDATE
MACROECONOMIC CONDITIONS
We are closely monitoring evolving macroeconomic conditions and heightened geopolitical risks. During the first quarter of 2025, there was a marked increase in economic and trade policy uncertainty globally. Rising trade tensions and changes to trade policy could adversely impact global growth and contribute to inflationary pressures. Global conflicts, tariffs, labor disruptions, and regulations continue to generate volatility in global markets and can contribute to supply chain vulnerabilities and pricing fluctuations. We remain proactive in our collaboration with suppliers to mitigate potential shortages and reduce supply and price volatility. We anticipate a moderation in global growth in 2025 and a higher level of uncertainty with respect to inflation and other macroeconomic trends.
Mitigation strategies remain crucial to meet customer demand in this evolving environment. Our mitigation strategies include pricing actions, hedging strategies, long-term strategies for constrained materials, direct engagement with key suppliers, and new supplier development. Strong relationships with strategic primary and secondary suppliers allow us to collaborate together to reliably source key components and raw materials, develop new products, commit our resources to assist certain suppliers, and at times, alter designs of existing products. We believe these mitigation strategies enable us to reduce supply risk, foster new product innovation, and expand our market presence. Additionally, due to the stringent quality controls and product qualification we perform on any new or altered product, these mitigation strategies have not impacted, and we do not expect them to impact, product quality or reliability.
To date, our strategies successfully mitigated our exposure to these conditions. However, if we are not successful in sustaining or executing these strategies, these macroeconomic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or operating cash flows.
SPIN-OFF OF ADVANCED MATERIALS
On October 8, 2024, the Company announced its intention to spin off its Advanced Materials business into Solstice Advanced Materials, an independent, U.S. publicly traded company, which is targeted to be completed by the end of 2025 or early