Plant, and Equipment,
are tested for impairment under the relevant guidance prior to measuring the disposal group at fair value, less costs to sell.
The Company performed an evaluation as of December 31, 2024, to assess the recoverability of the carrying value of the assets held for sale. The Company recognized a valuation allowance of $
219
million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, to write down the disposal group to fair value, less costs to sell. The carrying value is based on the use of estimates and is subject to change based on future developments leading up to the closing date of a sale, and actual amounts realized upon sale may vary from those recorded as of December 31, 2024.
The following table summarizes the assets and liabilities classified as held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheet:
65
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
(Dollars in tables in millions, except per share amounts)
NOTE 3.
REVENUE RECOGNITION AND CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
The Company has a comprehensive offering of products and services, including software and technologies, that are sold to a variety of customers in multiple end markets.
See the following disaggregated revenue table and related discussions by reportable business segment for details:
In April 2024, the Company realigned certain business units within the Industrial Automation reportable business segment. The gas detection business moved from the Sensing and Safety Technologies business unit to the Process Solutions business unit to align with the process measurement controls business. The Company recast historical periods to reflect this realignment.
Aerospace Technologies
– A global supplier of products, software, and services for aircrafts that it sells to original equipment manufacturers (OEM) and other customers in a variety of end markets including air transport, regional, business and general aviation aircraft, airlines, aircraft operators, and defense and space contractors. Aerospace Technologies products and services include auxiliary power units, propulsion engines, environmental control systems, integrated avionics, wireless connectivity services, electric power systems, engine controls, flight safety, communications, navigation hardware, data and software applications, radar and surveillance systems, aircraft lighting, management and technical services, advanced systems and instruments, satellite and space components, aircraft wheels and brakes, and thermal systems. Aerospace Technologies also provides spare parts, repair, overhaul, and maintenance services (principally to aircraft operators), and sells licenses or intellectual property to other parties. Honeywell Forge solutions enable customers to turn data into predictive maintenance and predictive analytics to enable better fleet management and make flight operations more efficient.
66
Honeywell International Inc.
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.