$757 million, primarily due to the $1,325 million payment made by the Company pursuant to the NARCO Amended Buyout Agreement in 2023, partially offset by $697 million decrease of noncash adjustments, driven by $616 million decline in repositioning and other charges.
Net cash used for investing activities increased by $8,864 million, driven by a $8,162 million increase in cash paid for acquisitions.
Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities increased by $12,602 million, driven by $7,422 million increase in long-term debt proceeds, primarily to fund our recent acquisitions, $2,932 million increase in net proceeds of commercial paper, and $2,060 million decrease in repurchases of common stock.
See Note 19
Commitments and Contingencies
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the NARCO Amended Buyout Agreement.
CASH REQUIREMENTS AND ASSESSMENT OF CURRENT LIQUIDITY
In addition to our normal operating cash requirements, we expect our primary cash requirements in 2025 to be as follows:
•
Capital expenditures—we expect to spend approximately $1.3 billion for capital expenditures in 2025 primarily for growth, production and capacity expansion, implementation of cost reduction measures, maintenance, and replacement.
•
Share repurchases—under our share repurchase program, $5.5 billion was available as of December 31, 2024, for additional share repurchases as authorized by the Board on April 24, 2023. We expect to repurchase outstanding shares from time to time to offset the dilutive impact of employee stock-based compensation plans, including option exercises, restricted unit vesting and matching contributions under our savings plans. Additionally, we seek to reduce share count via share repurchases as and when attractive opportunities arise. The amount and timing of future repurchases may vary depending on market conditions and our level of operating, financing, and other investing activities.
•
Mergers and acquisitions—in addition to the proposed spin-off of the Advanced Materials business and intended separation of the Automation and Aerospace Technologies businesses into three stand-alone, publicly traded companies and the sale of the PPE business, we expect to evaluate and undertake actions to optimize our portfolio, including executing on strategic bolt-on acquisitions over the course of 2025.
•
Dividends—we increased our quarterly dividend rate by 5% to $1.13 per share of common stock effective with the fourth quarter 2024 dividend. We intend to continue to pay quarterly dividends in 2025.
We sell trade receivables to unaffiliated financial institutions with limited or no recourse. We account for trade receivable sales as sales and, accordingly, receivables sold are excluded from Accounts receivable—net in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and are reflected in Cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The difference between the carrying amount of the trade receivables