model rules for a new global minimum tax. Local country adoption of these rules may increase tax uncertainty and may adversely impact the company’s income taxes. Furthermore, local country, state, provincial or municipal taxation may also be subject to review and potential override by regional, federal, national or similar forms of government. In addition, IBM is subject to the continuous examination of its income tax returns by the United States Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other tax authorities around the world. The company regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations will not have an adverse effect on the company’s provision for income taxes and cash tax liability.
The Company Is Subject to Legal Proceedings and Investigatory Risks:
As a company with a substantial employee population and with clients in more than 175 countries, IBM is or may become involved as a party and/or may be subject to a variety of claims, demands, suits, investigations, tax matters and other proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of its business. The risks associated with such legal proceedings are described in more detail in note Q, “Commitments & Contingencies,” in IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders. The company believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs. Legal and compliance risks, however, will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, may arise from time to time.
8
Table of Contents
Risks Related to Financing and Capital Markets Activities
The Company’s Results of Operations and Financial Condition Could Be Negatively Impacted by Its U.S. and non-U.S. Pension Plans:
Adverse financial market conditions and volatility in the credit markets may have an unfavorable impact on the value of the company’s pension trust assets and its future estimated pension liabilities. As a result, the company’s financial results in any period could be negatively impacted. In addition, in a period of an extended financial market downturn, the company could be required to provide incremental pension plan funding with resulting liquidity risk which could negatively impact the company’s financial flexibility. Further, the company’s results could be negatively impacted by premiums for mandatory pension insolvency insurance coverage outside the United States. Premium increases could be significant due to the level of insolvencies of unrelated companies in the country at issue. IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders includes information about potential impacts from pension funding and the use of certain assumptions regarding pension matters.
The Company Is Exposed to Currency and Financing Risks That Could Impact Its Revenue and Business:
The company derives a