Statements and footnotes of the International Business Machines Corporation (IBM or the company) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The financial statements and footnotes are unaudited. In the opinion of the company’s management, these statements include all adjustments, which are only of a normal recurring nature, necessary to present a fair statement of the company’s results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amount of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs, expenses and other comprehensive income/(loss) that are reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying disclosures. These estimates are based on management’s best knowledge of current events, historical experience, actions that the company may undertake in the future and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. As a result, actual results may be different from these estimates.
In the first quarter of 2025, the company made changes to the reported revenue categories within its Software and Consulting reportable segments. These changes did not impact the company's Consolidated Financial Statements or its reportable segments. The revenue categories are reported on a comparable basis for all periods. Refer to note 3, “Revenue Recognition,” for additional information.
For the three months ended March 31, 2024, the company reported a benefit from income taxes of $
502
million. The 2024 tax benefit was primarily driven by the resolution of certain tax audit matters.
Noncontrolling interest amounts, included as a reduction within other (income) and expense in the Consolidated Income Statement, were not material to the consolidated results for the periods presented.
The company has supplier finance programs with third-party financial institutions where the company agrees to pay the financial institutions the stated amounts of invoices from participating suppliers on the originally invoiced maturity date, which have an average term of
90
to
120
days, consistent with the company's standard payment terms. The financial institutions offer earlier payment of the invoices at the sole discretion of the supplier for a discounted amount. The company does not provide secured legal assets or other forms of guarantees under the arrangements. The company is not a party to the arrangements between its suppliers and the financial institutions. These obligations are recognized as accounts payable in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The obligations outstanding under these programs were immaterial at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Interim results are not necessarily indicative of financial results for a full year. The information included in this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the company’s 2024 Annual