significant percentage of its revenues and costs from its affiliates operating in local currency environments, and those results are affected by changes in the relative values of non-U.S. currencies and the U.S. dollar, as well as sudden shifts in regional or global economic activity. Further, inherent in the company’s financing business are risks related to the concentration of credit, client creditworthiness, interest rate and currency fluctuations on the associated debt and liabilities and the determination of residual values. The company employs a number of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivative financial instruments, which involve the risk of non-performance by the counterparty. In addition, there can be no assurance that the company’s efforts to manage its currency and financing risks will be successful.
The Company’s Financial Performance Could Be Impacted by Changes in Market Liquidity Conditions and by Customer Credit Risk on Receivables:
The company’s financial performance is exposed to a wide variety of industry sector dynamics worldwide, including sudden shifts in regional or global economic activity. The company’s earnings and cash flows, as well as its access to funding, could be negatively impacted by changes in market liquidity conditions. IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders includes information about the company’s liquidity position. The company’s client base includes many enterprises worldwide, from small and medium businesses to the world’s largest organizations and governments, with a significant portion of the company’s revenue coming from global clients across many sectors. Most of the company’s sales are on an open credit basis, and the company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its clients’ financial conditions. If the company becomes aware of information related to the creditworthiness of a major customer, or if future actual default rates on receivables in general differ from those currently anticipated, the company may have to adjust its allowance for credit losses, which could affect the company’s consolidated net income in the period the adjustments are made.
Risks Related to Ownership of IBM Securities
Risk Factors Related to IBM Securities:
The company and its subsidiaries issue debt securities in the worldwide capital markets from time to time, with a variety of different maturities and in different currencies. The value of the company’s debt securities fluctuates based on many factors, including the methods employed for calculating principal and interest, the maturity of the securities, the aggregate principal amount of securities outstanding, the redemption features for the securities, the level, direction and volatility of interest rates, changes in exchange rates, exchange controls, governmental and stock exchange regulations and other factors over which the company has little or no control. The company’s ability to pay interest and repay the principal for its debt securities