wide variety of methods, and the increased use of generative AI may introduce novel methods of attack. In the event of such actions, the company, its customers and other third parties could be exposed to liability, litigation, and regulatory or other government action, including debarment, as well as the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to brand and reputation, damage to IBM’s competitive position, and other financial loss.
The Company Could Be Impacted by Its Business with Government Clients:
The company’s customers include numerous governmental entities within and outside the U.S., including the U.S. Federal Government and state and local entities. Some of the company’s agreements with these customers may be subject to periodic funding approval. Funding reductions, delays or work stoppages could adversely impact public sector demand for our products and services. Also, some agreements may contain provisions allowing the customer to terminate without cause and providing for higher liability limits for certain losses. In addition, the company could be suspended or debarred as a governmental contractor and could incur civil and criminal fines and penalties, which could negatively impact the company’s results of operations, financial results and reputation.
The Company’s Reliance on Third-Party Distribution Channels and Ecosystems Could Impact Its Business:
The company offers its products directly and through a variety of third-party distributors, resellers, independent software vendors, independent service providers, and other ecosystem partners. Changes in the business condition (financial or otherwise) of these ecosystem partners could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring its products to market. As the company moves into new areas, ecosystem partners may be unable to keep up with changes in technology and offerings, and the company may be unable to recruit and enable appropriate partners to achieve anticipated ecosystem growth objectives. In addition, the failure of ecosystem partners to comply with all applicable laws and regulations may prevent the company from working with them and could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market.
6
Table of Contents
Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
Cybersecurity, Privacy, and AI Considerations Could Impact the Company’s Business:
There are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including risks originating from intentional acts of individual and groups of criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored organizations, nation states and competitors; from intentional and unintentional acts or omissions of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees and other third parties; and from errors in processes or technologies, as well as the risks associated with an increase in the number of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees and other third parties working remotely.