Outside the U.S., facilities totaled approximately 24 million square feet, of which 3 million was owned and 21 million
was leased. This space is primarily used for sales and distribution, manufacturing and development, data processing services including the company’s cloud centers, research and other administrative and general support purposes. Our facilities are utilized for current operations of all business segments.
Continuous optimization, maintenance and upgrading of facilities are essential to
maintain our technological leadership,
improve productivity and meet customer demand. We believe that in all material respects our properties have been satisfactorily maintained, are in good condition and are suitable for our operations.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings:
Refer to note Q, “Commitments & Contingencies,” on pages 95 to 97 of IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures:
Not applicable.
11
Table of Contents
PART II
Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities:
Refer to page 123 of IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated herein by reference solely as it relates to this item.
IBM common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the NYSE Chicago under the symbol “IBM.” There were 348,544 common stockholders of record at February 10, 2025.
The following table provides information relating to the company’s repurchase of common stock for the fourth quarter of 2024.
(1)
On October 30, 2018, the Board of Directors authorized $4.0 billion in funds for use in the company’s common stock repurchase program. The company stated that it would repurchase shares on the open market or in private transactions depending on market conditions. The common stock repurchase program does not have an expiration date. This table does not include shares tendered to satisfy the exercise price in connection with cashless exercises of employee stock options or shares tendered to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with employee equity awards. The company suspended its share repurchase program at the time of the Red Hat closing in 2019.
Item 6. [Reserved]
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations:
Refer to pages 6 through 42 of IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk:
Refer to the section titled “Market Risk” on page 40 of IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data:
Refer to pages 46 through 121 of IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, which are incorporated herein by reference. Also refer to the Financial Statement Schedule on page S-1 of this Form 10-K.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and