the current year as a result of the current economic conditions. Refer to “Receivables and Allowances” section on page
54
for additional information.
50
Table of Contents
Management Discussion – (continued)
Research and Development
nm - not meaningful
Research and development (R&D) expense and operating (non-GAAP) R&D expense, increased 8.6 percent and 8.3 percent, respectively, in the first quarter of 2025. The year-to-year increase in R&D expense was primarily driven by investments to drive innovation in AI, hybrid cloud and quantum; partially offset by the effects of currency (1 point).
Intellectual Property and Custom Development Income
(1)
Includes licensing, royalty-based fees and sales.
Total intellectual property and custom development income increased 16.9 percent year to year. The increase was primarily driven by joint development and licensing agreements with a Japanese consortium to leverage our intellectual property and expertise on advanced semiconductors.
The timing and amount of licensing and sales of IP may vary significantly from period to period depending upon the timing of licensing agreements, economic conditions, industry consolidation and the timing of new patents and know-how development.
Other (Income) and Expense
nm - not meaningful
51
Table of Contents
Management Discussion – (continued)
Total other (income) and expense was income of $165 million in the first quarter of 2025 and decreased $152 million compared to the prior-year period. The year-to-year change was primarily driven by:
•
Lower gains on divestitures of $244 million, primarily driven by the divestiture of The Weather Company assets in the first-quarter 2024 (included in “Other” in the table above); partially offset by
•
Lower net exchange losses (including derivative instruments) of $81 million. The prior-year (gains)/losses on derivative instruments included a loss of $50 million on foreign exchange derivative contracts entered into by the company prior to the acquisition of StreamSets and webMethods from Software AG (also included in “Acquisition-related charges” in the table above). Refer to note 16, “Derivative Financial Instruments,” for additional information; and
•
Lower non-operating retirement-related cost of $73 million. Refer to “Retirement-Related Plans” for additional information.
Operating (non-GAAP) other (income) and expense was income of $187 million in the first quarter of 2025 and decreased $276 million compared to the prior-year period. The year-to-year change was primarily driven by the factors described above, excluding the lower non-operating retirement related costs and the acquisition-related charges.
Interest Expense
Interest expense of $455 million in the first quarter of 2025 increased $23 million compared to the prior-year period. Interest expense is presented in cost of financing in the Consolidated Income Statement if the related external borrowings are to support the Financing external business. Overall interest expense