“Derivative Financial Instruments,” for additional information on foreign exchange risk.
(2)
2024 includes a pre-tax gain of $
241
million from the divestiture of The Weather Company assets.
16
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
7.
Earnings Per Share of Common Stock
:
The following tables provide the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share of common stock for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Stock options to purchase
1,859,582
shares and
61,359
shares were outstanding as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the exercise price of the options during the respective period was greater than the average market price of the common shares, and therefore, the effect would have been antidilutive.
8.
Financial Assets & Liabilities:
Fair Value Measurements
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The company classifies certain assets and liabilities based on the following fair value hierarchy:
•
Level 1
–
Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that can be accessed at the measurement date;
•
Level 2
–
Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
•
Level 3
–
Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
17
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
When available, the company uses unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets to measure the fair value and classifies such items as Level 1. If quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon internally developed models that use current market-based or independently sourced market parameters such as interest rates and currency rates. Items valued using internally generated models are classified according to the lowest level input or value driver that is significant to the valuation.
The determination of fair value considers various factors including interest rate yield curves and time value underlying the financial instruments. For derivatives and debt securities, the company uses a discounted cash flow analysis using discount rates commensurate with the duration of the instrument.
In determining the fair value of financial instruments, the company considers certain market valuation adjustments to the “base valuations” calculated using the methodologies described below for several parameters that market participants would consider in determining fair value:
•
Counterparty credit risk adjustments are applied to financial instruments, taking into account the actual credit risk of a counterparty as observed in the credit default swap market to determine the true fair value of such an instrument.
•
Credit risk adjustments are applied to