policies of the countries in which the company operates, or inadequate development or enforcement of such laws or policies, could affect the company’s business and the company’s overall results of operations. Further, the company may be impacted directly or indirectly by the development and enforcement of laws and regulations in the U.S. and globally that are specifically targeted at the technology industry. The company’s results of operations also could be affected by economic and political changes in those countries and by macroeconomic changes, including recessions, inflation, currency fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and non-U.S. currencies, capital controls, and adverse changes in trade relationships amongst those countries. Further, as the company expands its customer base and the scope of its offerings, both within the U.S. and globally, it may be impacted by additional regulatory or other risks, including, compliance with U.S. and foreign data privacy requirements, outbound investment restrictions, AI and cloud regulations, data localization requirements, labor relations laws, enforcement of IP protection laws, laws relating to anti-corruption, anti-competition regulations, and import, export and trade restrictions. Further, international trade disputes could create uncertainty. Tariffs and international trade sanctions resulting from these disputes could affect the company’s ability to move goods and services across borders, or could impose added costs to those activities. Measures taken to date by the company to mitigate these impacts could be made less effective should trade sanctions or tariffs change. In addition, any widespread outbreak of an illness, pandemic or other local or global health issue, natural disasters, climate change impacts, or uncertain political climates, international hostilities, or any terrorist activities, could adversely affect customer demand, the company’s operations and supply chain, and its ability to source and deliver products and services to its customers.
The Company May Not Meet Its Growth and Productivity Objectives:
On an ongoing basis, IBM seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, AI, agile processes and changes to the ways of working, while also enabling the scaling of resources, offerings and investments through the company’s globally integrated model across both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company’s competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives.
Ineffective Internal Controls Could Impact the Company’s Business and Operating Results:
The company’s internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, failure or