percent adjusted for currency) in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the prior-year period, with growth in all lines of business. This performance reflects the demand for our focused portfolio that provides end-to-end hybrid cloud and AI capabilities. Our organic Software revenue contributed approximately 4 points of growth as reported (6 points adjusted for currency) with continued demand for our generative AI products including our AI assistants and agents and watsonx platform. This revenue performance continued to reflect growth in our high-value, recurring revenue base, which represents approximately 80 percent of our annual software revenue.
Revenue performance by line of business in the first quarter compared to the prior-year period was as follows:
Hybrid Cloud's (Red Hat) double-digit growth reflects strong growth in subscriptions and moderate growth in consumption-based services. OpenShift and Ansible gained market share, and along with RHEL each had double-digit growth. Automation grew revenue including contribution from our automation suite of products as clients proactively address cost, performance and resiliency within complex hybrid cloud native architectures. Data revenue grew as customers continue to prepare their data for generative AI, with rising demand for AI assistants and agents, increasing demand for our watsonx platform, and the need for data security. The revenue performance in Transaction Processing was driven by its solid base of recurring revenue and growth from our generative AI offerings for transaction processing. Clients remain committed to these products, underscoring the strategic importance of this mission-critical software.
Across Software, our annual recurring revenue (ARR) was $21.7 billion, which increased 9.2 percent as reported (10.9 percent adjusted for currency). In the first quarter of 2025, the ARR calculation was updated to include all recurring revenue within the Software segment. ARR is a key performance metric management uses to assess the health and growth trajectory of our Software segment, and is calculated by using the current quarter’s recurring revenue and then multiplying that value by four. ARR includes annualized March 2025 HashiCorp recurring revenue. This value includes the following consumption models: (1) software subscription agreements, including committed term licenses, (2) as-a-service arrangements such as SaaS and PaaS, and (3) maintenance and support contracts. ARR should be viewed independently of software revenue as this performance metric and its inputs may not represent revenue that will be recognized in future periods.
Software gross profit margin increased 1.2 points to 83.6 percent in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the prior-year period. Segment profit of $1,847 million increased 23.2 percent and segment profit margin of 29.1 percent increased 3.7 points compared to the prior-year period. Both segment gross profit and segment profit dollar growth and margin
46