and $
125
million, respectively, and at December 31, 2024 were $
575
million and $
96
million, respectively.
(6)
The gross balances of derivative liabilities contained within other accrued expenses and liabilities, and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at March 31, 2025 were $
276
million and $
332
million, respectively, and at December 31, 2024 were $
262
million and $
463
million, respectively.
N/A – not applicable
Financial Assets and Liabilities Not Measured at Fair Value
Short-Term Receivables and Payables
Short-term receivables (excluding the current portion of long-term receivables) and other investments are financial assets with carrying values that approximate fair value. Accounts payable, other accrued expenses and short-term debt (excluding the current portion of long-term debt) are financial liabilities with carrying values that approximate fair value. If measured at fair value in the financial statements, these financial instruments would be classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, except for short-term debt which would be classified as Level 2.
Loans and Long-Term Receivables
Fair values are based on discounted future cash flows using current interest rates offered for similar loans to clients with similar credit ratings for the same remaining maturities. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the difference between the carrying amount and estimated fair value for loans and long-term receivables was immaterial. If measured at fair value in the financial statements, these financial instruments would be classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
19
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
Long-Term Debt
Fair value of publicly traded long-term debt is based on quoted market prices for the identical liability when traded as an asset in an active market. For other long-term debt (including long-term finance lease liabilities) for which a quoted market price is not available, an expected present value technique that uses rates currently available to the company for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities is used to estimate fair value. The carrying amount of long-term debt was
$
56,371
million and $
49,884
million, and the estimated fair value was $
53,806
million
and $
47,389
million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. If measured at fair value in the financial statements, long-term debt (including the current portion) would be classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
9.
Financing Receivables:
Financing receivables primarily consist of client loan and installment payment receivables (loans), investment in sales-type and direct financing leases (collectively referred to as client financing receivables) and commercial financing receivables. Loans are provided primarily to clients to finance the purchase of IBM hardware, software and services. Payment terms on these financing arrangements are for terms generally up to
seven years
.