key strategic areas, including AI and generative AI, to drive revenue growth and market share gains. Client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly-growing segments. Additionally, emerging business and delivery models may unfavorably impact demand and profitability for our other products or services. If the company does not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to changes in customer and market preferences, competitive actions, disruptive technologies, emerging business models and ecosystems, the client demand for our products or services may decline or IBM’s costs may increase.
IBM’s Intellectual Property Portfolio May Not Prevent Competitive Offerings, and IBM May Not Be Able to Obtain Necessary Licenses:
The company’s patents and other intellectual property may not prevent competitors from independently developing products and services similar to or duplicative to the company’s, nor can there be any assurance that the resources invested by the company to protect its intellectual property will be sufficient or that the company’s intellectual property portfolio will adequately deter misappropriation or improper use of the company’s technology. In addition, the company may be the target of aggressive and opportunistic enforcement of patents by third parties, including non-practicing entities. Also, there can be no assurances that IBM will be able to obtain from third parties the licenses it needs in the future. The company’s ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by a lack of effective legal protections as well as changes to existing laws, legal principles and regulations governing intellectual property, including the ownership and protection of patents.
Certain of the company’s offerings incorporate or utilize open source and other third-party software licensed with limited or no warranties, indemnification, or other contractual protections for IBM. Further, if open source code that IBM utilizes is no longer maintained, developed or enhanced by the relevant community of independent open source software programmers, most of whom we do not employ, we may be unable to develop new technologies, adequately enhance our existing technologies or meet customer requirements for innovation, quality and price.
Risks to the Company from Acquisitions, Alliances and Divestitures Include Integration Challenges, Failure to Achieve Objectives, the Assumption or Retention of Liabilities and Higher Debt Levels:
The company has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions, alliances and divestitures. Such transactions present significant challenges and risks and there can be no assurances that the company will manage such transactions successfully, that strategic objectives will be achieved or that strategic opportunities will be available to the company on acceptable terms or at all. With respect to acquisitions and alliances, the related risks include the