approximates the economic life of the assets.
The valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is subject to revision. If additional information becomes available, the company may further revise the purchase price allocation as soon as practical, but no later than one year from the acquisition date.
HashiCorp — On February 27, 2025, the company completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of HashiCorp. IBM’s and HashiCorp’s combined portfolios will help clients manage growing application and infrastructure complexity and create a comprehensive end-to-end hybrid cloud platform designed for the AI era. HashiCorp's shareholders on record immediately prior to the effective time on the closing date received $
35
per share in cash, representing a total equity value of approximately $
7.2
billion.
The following table reflects the consideration paid related to the acquisition.
15
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(1)
As part of the assets acquired, the company received $
929
million
of cash and cash equivalents and $
331
million of short-term marketable securities from HashiCorp.
Goodwill of $
4,531
million and $
143
million was assigned to the Software and Consulting segments, respectively. It is expected that
none
of the goodwill will be deductible for tax purposes. The overall weighted-average useful life of the identified amortizable intangible assets acquired was
9.8
years. In connection with the acquisition, the company issued and assumed
1.7
million stock awards with a fair value of $
381
million. For the three months ended March 31, 2025, the impact of these stock awards was not material on the company's stock-based compensation cost. The acquisition will be integrated into the Software segment.
Other Acquisitions — Goodwill of $
343
million was assigned to the Consulting segment. It is expected that
6
percent of the goodwill will be deductible for tax purposes. The overall weighted-average useful life of the identified amortizable intangible assets acquired was
6.8
years.
Transaction Closed in Second-Quarter 2025 — On April 2, 2025, the company completed an acquisition within the Consulting segment which is not expected to have a material impact on the company's Consolidated Financial Statements.
Transaction Announced — On February 25, 2025, the company announced its intent to acquire a provider of enterprise-grade databases to build and deliver Generative AI applications. The acquisition is expected to close in the second quarter of 2025. Upon closing, the acquisition will be integrated into the Software segment.
6.
Other (Income) and Expense
:
Components of other (income) and expense are as follows:
(1)
The company uses financial hedging instruments to limit specific currency risks related to foreign currency-based transactions. The hedging program does not hedge 100 percent of currency exposures and defers, versus eliminates, the impact of currency. Refer to note 16,