based upon a simple mathematical formula. However, this constant currency methodology that we utilize to disclose this information does not incorporate any operational actions that management could take to mitigate fluctuating currency rates. Based on the currency rate movements in the first quarter of 2025, revenue from continuing operations increased 0.6 percent as reported and 2 percent at constant currency compared to the prior year.
At March 31, 2025, currency changes resulted in assets and liabilities denominated in most local currencies being translated into more dollars than at year-end 2024. We use financial hedging instruments to limit specific currency risks related to foreign currency-based transactions.
We translate revenue, cost and expense in our non-U.S. operations at current exchange rates in the reported period. In the first quarter of 2025, the impact from currency translation and hedging to year-to-year pre-tax income, operating (non-GAAP) pre-tax income and segments profit margin growth was immaterial. Hedging and certain underlying foreign currency transaction gains and losses are allocated to our segment results. Considering the operational responses mentioned above, movements of exchange rates, and the nature and timing of hedging instruments, it is difficult to predict future currency impacts on any particular period.
For non-U.S. subsidiaries and branches that operate in U.S. dollars or whose economic environment is highly inflationary, translation adjustments are reflected in results of operations. Generally, we manage currency risk in these entities by linking prices and contracts to
U.S. dollars.
57
Table of Contents
Management Discussion – (continued)
Liquidity and Capital Resources
In our 2024 Annual Report, on pages 34 to 37, there is a discussion of our liquidity including two tables that present three years of data. The table presented on page 34 includes net cash from operating activities, cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term marketable securities, and the size of our global credit facilities for each of the past three years. For the three months ended, or at, as applicable, March 31, 2025, those amounts are $4.4 billion of net cash from operating activities, $17.6 billion of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term marketable securities and $10.0 billion in global credit facilities, respectively. While we have no current plans to draw on these credit facilities, they are available as back-up liquidity.
The major rating agencies' ratings on our debt securities at March 31, 2025 appear in the following table and remain unchanged from December 31, 2024.
We have financial flexibility, supported by our strong liquidity position and cash flows, to operate at a single A credit rating. Debt levels have increased $8.3 billion from December 31, 2024 driven by debt issuances; partially offset by maturities. In the first quarter of 2025, we issued $8.4 billion of debt for general