amortization of acquired intangible assets. These increases were partially offset by the benefits from productivity and the actions taken to transform our operations, the effects of currency, lower non-operating retirement-related cost and lower workforce rebalancing charges. Total operating (non-GAAP) expense and other (income) increased 3.8 percent year to year, driven primarily by the factors described above, excluding the impacts from non-operating retirement-related costs, acquisition-related charges and amortization of acquired intangible assets.
Pre-tax income from continuing operations of $1.2 billion increased 7.9 percent and pre-tax margin was 8.0 percent, an increase of 0.5 points compared to the first quarter of 2024. Performance this quarter benefited from our gross margin expansion and productivity actions taken to transform our enterprise operations; partially offset by our continued investments to drive innovation. Our year-to-year pre-tax income results were impacted by the gain from the divestiture of The Weather Company assets in the prior-year period, and lower workforce rebalancing charges in the current year, with a combined impact of $0.2 billion. The year-to-year divestiture dynamics and workforce rebalancing charges were a net hurt to our pre-tax income from continuing operations of approximately 14.6 points and pre-tax margin of approximately 1.3 points. The continuing operations provision for income taxes in the first quarter of 2025 was $0.1 billion, compared to a benefit from income taxes of $0.5 billion in the first quarter of 2024. The prior-year tax benefit was primarily driven by the resolution of certain tax audit matters. Net income from continuing operations of $1.1 billion decreased 33.1 percent and the net income from continuing operations margin was 7.3 percent, down 3.6 points year to year.
Operating (non-GAAP) pre-tax income from continuing operations of $1.7 billion increased 4.9 percent compared to the first quarter of 2024 and the operating (non-GAAP) pre-tax margin from continuing operations increased 0.5 points to 12.0 percent primarily driven by our gross margin performance and the benefits from productivity; partially offset by continued investments in innovation. The operating (non-GAAP) provision for income taxes in the first quarter of 2025 was $0.2 billion, compared to $0.1 billion in the first quarter of 2024. Operating (non-GAAP) net income from continuing operations of $1.5 billion decreased 3.0 percent and the operating (non-GAAP) net income margin from continuing operations of 10.4 percent decreased 0.4 points year to year.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.12 in the first quarter of 2025 decreased 33.7 percent compared to the prior-year period, and operating (non-GAAP) diluted earnings per share of $1.60 decreased 4.8 percent compared to the first quarter of 2024.
At March 31, 2025, the balance sheet remained strong with financial flexibility to support and invest