inorganic innovations and effective resource allocation. These investments not only drive current performance but will extend our innovation leadership into the future.
Our breadth and depth of expertise enables us to take different technologies and bring them together to solve the most pressing business issues of our clients. We differentiate from other providers by bringing together incumbency with enterprises, deep expertise in technology, industries and business processes, a broad go-to-market reach including an ecosystem of partners and alliances, and a strong focus on innovation. All of these attributes position IBM for accelerated growth now and prepare us for the next set of business opportunities, such as quantum computing.
1
Table of Contents
Overall, the company is the leader or among the leaders in each of our business segments. A summary of the competitive environment for each business segment is included below:
Software:
The depth, breadth, and innovation of our software offerings, coupled with our global reach, deep industry expertise and research capabilities help differentiate our offerings from our competitors. Our hybrid cloud and AI platforms allow clients to realize their digital and AI transformations across the applications, data, and environments in which they operate. The principal competitors in this segment include: Alphabet (Google), Amazon, BMC, Broadcom, Informatica, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce, SAP and Splunk. We also compete with smaller, niche competitors in specific geographic regions or product segments.
Consulting:
Consulting focuses on integrating skills on strategy, experience, technology and operations by domain and industry. Consulting competes in a dynamic market including consulting, systems integration, application development, application management and business process outsourcing services. Our broad-based competitors include: Accenture, Capgemini, India-based service providers, management consulting firms, the consulting practices of public accounting firms, engineering service providers, and many companies that primarily focus on local markets or niche service areas.
Infrastructure:
IBM is well positioned in the growing hybrid cloud infrastructure market, providing on-premises and cloud-based server and storage solutions.
We gain advantage and differentiation through investments in higher-value capabilities, including security, scalability, and reliability, designed especially for mission-critical and AI workloads. In addition, we offer a portfolio of life-cycle services for hybrid cloud infrastructure
deployment. Our principal competitors include: Dell Technologies, Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (HPE), Intel, NetApp and Pure Storage as well as original device manufacturers (ODMs) who provide systems that are re-branded. Further, cloud service providers are leveraging innovation in technology and service delivery to compete with traditional providers and to offer additional routes to market for server