reflect the company’s own credit risk when valuing all liabilities measured at fair value. The methodology is consistent with that applied in developing counterparty credit risk adjustments, but incorporates the company’s own credit risk as observed in the credit default swap market.
The company holds investments primarily in time deposits, certificates of deposit, and U.S. government debt that are designated as available-for-sale. The primary objective of the company’s cash and debt investment portfolio is to protect principal by investing in very liquid investment securities with highly rated counterparties.
Available-for-sale securities are measured for impairment on a recurring basis by comparing the security’s fair value with its amortized cost basis. If the fair value of the security falls below its amortized cost basis, the change in fair value is recognized in the period the impairment is identified when the loss is due to credit factors. The change in fair value due to non-credit factors is recorded in other comprehensive income when the company does not intend to sell and has the ability to hold the investment. The company’s standard practice is to hold all of its debt security investments classified as available-for-sale until maturity.
No
impairments for credit losses and no material non-credit impairments were recorded for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Certain non-financial assets such as property, plant and equipment, operating right-of-use assets, goodwill and intangible assets are also subject to nonrecurring fair value measurements if they are deemed to be impaired. The impairment models used for non-financial assets depend on the type of asset. There were no material impairments of non-financial assets for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
18
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
The following table presents the company’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
(1)
Included within cash and cash equivalents in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(2)
Available-for-sale debt securities with carrying values that approximate fair value.
(3)
Term deposits, government securities and corporate securities that are reported within marketable securities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The March 31, 2025 balance includes proceeds from the first-quarter 2025 debt issuances. See note 12, “Borrowings,” for additional information.
(4)
Includes a $
100
million seller financing loan in connection with the divestiture in the first-quarter 2024 of The Weather Company assets, reported within investments and sundry assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(5)
The gross balances of derivative assets contained within prepaid expenses and other current assets, and investments and sundry assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at March 31, 2025 were $
264
million