and storage systems.
Financing:
Financing provides client and commercial financing, facilitating IBM clients’ acquisition of hardware, software and services. Financing’s ability to manage credit and residual value risk generates a competitive advantage for the company. The key competitive factors include: interest rates charged, IT product experience, client service, contract flexibility, ease of doing business, global capabilities and residual values. In client and commercial financing, Financing primarily competes with non-captive financing entities and financial institutions.
Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statements
Certain statements contained in this Form 10-K may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (“Reform Act”). Forward-looking statements are based on the company’s current assumptions regarding future business and financial performance. These statements by their nature address matters that are uncertain to different degrees. The company may also make forward-looking statements in other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), in materials delivered to stockholders and in press releases. In addition, the company’s representatives may from time to time make oral forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “expects,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,” and similar expressions, may identify such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement in this Form 10-K speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Except as required by law, the company assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. In accordance with the Reform Act, set forth under Item 1A. “Risk Factors” on pages
3
to
9
are cautionary statements that accompany those forward-looking statements. Readers should carefully review such cautionary statements as they identify certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements and from historical trends. Those cautionary statements are not exclusive and are in addition to other factors discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, in the company’s filings with the SEC or in materials incorporated therein by reference.
2
Table of Contents
The following information is included in IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference:
Segment information and revenue by classes of similar products or services—pages 69 to 74.
Financial information regarding environmental activities—pages 94 to 95.
The number of persons employed by the registrant—page 14.
The management discussion overview—pages 8 to 10.
Website information and company reporting—page 123.
Information About Our Executive