employs a wide variety of components (hardware and software), supplies, services and raw materials from a substantial number of suppliers around the world. Certain of the company’s businesses rely on a single or a limited number of suppliers, including for server processor technology for certain semiconductors. Changes in the business condition (financial or otherwise) of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. Further, the failure of the company’s suppliers to deliver components, supplies, services and raw materials in sufficient quantities, in a timely or secure manner, and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations could adversely affect the company’s business. In addition, any defective components, supplies or materials, or inadequate services received from suppliers could reduce the reliability of the company’s products and services and harm the company’s reputation.
Product and Service Quality Issues Could Impact the Company’s Business and Operating Results:
The company has rigorous quality control standards and governance processes intended to prevent, detect and correct errors, malfunctions and other defects in its products and services. If errors, malfunctions, defects or disruptions in service are experienced by customers or in the company’s operations there could be negative consequences that could impact customers’ business operations and harm the company’s business’s operating results.
The Development and Use of AI and Generative AI, including the Company’s Increased Offerings and Use of AI-based Technologies, Could Impact the Long-Term Success of the Company and its Reputation or Give Rise to Legal or Regulatory Action:
IBM is increasingly applying AI-based technologies, including generative AI, to its services and products, to how it delivers offerings to IBM clients, and to its own internal operations. Additionally, IBM is investing in and offering new products and services associated with AI development, deployment and management. As stated more comprehensively and in context of several risk factors throughout this
Item 1A., this increasing mix and application of AI-based technologies may impact IBM’s ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and its profit margins or harm IBM’s reputation if the company does not continue to be recognized as an AI leader with strong governance processes. IBM’s drive for greater agility, productivity, flexibility and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of AI may not yield intended gains in speed, quality, productivity and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company’s competitiveness. The evolving global AI regulatory environment, including the enactment of the EU AI Act, may affect the company’s business and the company’s overall results of operations. Computer hackers and others routinely attack the security of technology products, services, systems and networks using a