including the type of awards that may be granted under the plan (stock options, restricted stock and unit awards and long-term performance incentive awards).
The 2001 Plan is administered by the Executive Compensation and Management Resources Committee of the Board of Directors (the “Committee”), and that Committee may delegate to officers of the company certain of its duties, powers and authority. Payment of awards may be made in the form of cash, stock or combinations thereof and may be deferred with Committee approval. Awards are not transferable or assignable except (i) by law, will or the laws of descent and distribution, (ii) as a result of the disability of the recipient, or (iii) with the approval of the Committee.
If the employment of a participant terminates, other than as a result of the death or disability of a participant, all unexercised, deferred and unpaid awards shall be canceled immediately, unless the award agreement provides otherwise. In
15
Table of Contents
the event of the death of a participant or in the event a participant is deemed by the company to be disabled and eligible for benefits under the terms of the IBM Long-Term Disability Plan (or any successor plan or similar plan of another employer), the participant’s estate, beneficiaries or representative, as the case may be, shall have the rights and duties of the participant under the applicable award agreement. In addition, unless the award agreement specifies otherwise, the Committee may cancel, rescind, suspend, withhold or otherwise limit or restrict any unexpired, unpaid, or deferred award at any time if the participant is not in compliance with all applicable provisions of the awards agreement and the 2001 Plan. In addition, awards may be cancelled if the participant engages in any conduct or act determined to be injurious, detrimental or prejudicial to any interest of the company.
PWCC Acquisition Long-Term Performance Plan (the “PWCC Plan”)
The PWCC Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors in connection with the company’s acquisition of PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting (“PwCC”) from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, as announced on October 1, 2002. The PWCC Plan has been and will continue to be used solely to fund awards for employees of PwCC who have become employed by the company as a result of the acquisition. Awards for senior executives of the company will not be funded from the PWCC Plan. The terms and conditions of the PWCC Plan are substantively identical to the terms and conditions of the 2001 Plan, described above.
IBM Red Hat Acquisition Long-Term Performance Plan (the “Red Hat Plan”)
The Red Hat Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors in connection with the company’s acquisition of Red Hat, Inc. on July 9, 2019. The Red Hat Plan was used solely to fund awards for employees who were not employed by IBM immediately prior to the closing of the acquisition. Awards for senior executives of the company will not be funded from the Red Hat Plan. The terms