currencies continued to impact our reported year-to-year revenue and profit. We execute hedging programs which defer, but do not eliminate, the impact of currency. The (gains)/losses from these hedging programs are reflected primarily in other (income) and expense. Refer to “Currency Rate Fluctuations,” for additional information.
Financial Performance Summary — Three Months Ended March 31:
In the first quarter of 2025, we reported $14.5 billion in revenue, income from continuing operations of $1.1 billion, and operating (non-GAAP) earnings of $1.5 billion. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.12 as reported and $1.60 on an operating (non-GAAP) basis. We generated $4.4 billion in cash from operations and $2.0 billion in free cash flow. We invested $7.1 billion in acquisitions, driven primarily by the closing of the HashiCorp acquisition and delivered shareholder returns of $1.5 billion in dividends. Our first-quarter performance reflects the continued success of our hybrid cloud and AI strategy. With our focus on the fundamentals of our business, we continue to maintain a strong liquidity position and solid cash flow generation which enables us to invest in our business and return value to shareholders through dividends.
Total revenue grew 0.6 percent as reported and 2 percent adjusted for currency compared to the prior-year period, led by Software. Software delivered revenue growth of 7.4 percent as reported and 9.0 percent adjusted for currency, with growth across all lines of business, reflecting demand for our focused portfolio that provides end-to-end hybrid cloud and AI capabilities. Consulting revenue decreased 2.3 percent as reported but was flat adjusted for currency, driven primarily by revenue declines in Strategy and Technology. Infrastructure revenue decreased 6.2 percent year to year as reported and 4.3 percent adjusted for currency, reflecting product cycle dynamics.
From a geographic perspective, Americas revenue decreased 1.2 percent as reported but was flat adjusted for currency. Europe/Middle East/Africa (EMEA) increased 5.6 percent as reported (7.7 percent adjusted for currency). Asia Pacific decreased 2.4 percent as reported but was flat adjusted for currency.
43
Table of Contents
Management Discussion – (continued)
Gross margin of 55.2 percent increased 1.7 points year to year with margin expansion driven primarily by ongoing productivity initiatives and operating leverage. Operating (non-GAAP) gross margin of 56.6 percent increased 1.9 points compared to the prior-year period due to the same dynamics.
Total expense and other (income) increased 3.1 percent in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the first quarter of 2024 primarily driven by the prior-year gain on the divestiture of The Weather Company assets, higher current year spending, including expenses of acquired businesses, continued investments in portfolio innovation to drive our strategy, and higher acquisition-related charges and