considered committed when they are able to terminate for convenience without payment of a substantive penalty. The disclosure includes estimates of variable consideration, except
11
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
when the variable consideration is a sales-based or usage-based royalty promised in exchange for a license of intellectual property. Additionally, as a practical expedient, the company does not include contracts that have an original duration of
one year
or less. RPO estimates are subject to change and are affected by several factors, including terminations, changes in the scope of contracts, periodic revalidations, adjustment for revenue that has not materialized and adjustments for currency.
At March 31, 2025, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to RPO related to customer contracts that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied was approximately $
64
billion. Approximately
69
percent of the amount is expected to be recognized as revenue in the subsequent
two years
, approximately
27
percent in the subsequent
three
to
five years
and the balance thereafter.
Revenue Recognized for Performance Obligations Satisfied (or Partially Satisfied) in Prior Periods
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, revenue recognized for performance obligations satisfied or partially satisfied in prior periods was immaterial.
Reconciliation of Contract Balances
The following table provides information about notes and accounts receivable — trade, contract assets and deferred income balances.
(1)
Included within prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
The amount of revenue recognized during the three months ended March 31, 2025 that was included within the deferred income balance at December 31, 2024 was $
4.4
billion and was primarily related to software and services.
The following table provides roll forwards of the notes and accounts receivable–trade allowance for expected credit losses for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and the year ended December 31, 2024.
(1)
The majority of the write-offs during the period related to receivables which had been previously reserved.
The contract assets allowance for expected credit losses was not material in any of the periods presented.
12
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
4.
Segments:
In the first quarter of 2025, the company made changes to the reported revenue categories within its Software and Consulting reportable segments. These changes did not impact the company's Consolidated Financial Statements or its reportable segments.
The following tables reflect the results of continuing operations of the company’s segments consistent with the management and measurement system utilized within the company. Performance measurement is based on segment profit. The chief operating decision maker (CODM) considers budget-to-actual results of segment profit, both when evaluating the