client financing receivables at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, further segmented by
three
classes: Americas, Europe/Middle East/Africa (EMEA) and Asia Pacific. The commercial financing receivables portfolio segment is excluded from the tables in the sections below as the receivables are short term in nature and the current estimated risk of loss and resulting impact to the company’s financial results are not material.
(1)
Primarily represents translation adjustments.
21
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
(1)
Primarily represents translation adjustments.
When determining the allowances, financing receivables are evaluated either on an individual or a collective basis. For the company’s policy on determining allowances for credit losses, refer to note A, “Significant Accounting Policies,” in the company’s 2024 Annual Report.
Past Due Financing Receivables
The company summarizes information about the amortized cost basis for client financing receivables, including amortized cost aged over 90 days and still accruing, billed invoices aged over 90 days and still accruing, and amortized cost not accruing.
(1)
At a contract level, which includes total billed and unbilled amounts for financing receivables aged greater than 90 days.
(2)
Of the amortized cost not accruing, there was a related allowance of $
96
million and $
94
million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Financing income recognized on these receivables was immaterial for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Credit Quality Indicators
The company’s credit quality indicators, which are based on rating agency data, publicly available information and information provided by customers, are reviewed periodically based on the relative level of risk. The resulting indicators are a numerical rating system that maps to Moody’s Investors Service credit ratings as shown below. The company uses information provided by Moody’s, where available, as one of many inputs in its determination of customer credit ratings. The credit quality of the customer is evaluated based on these indicators and is assigned the same risk rating whether the receivable is a lease or a loan.
22
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
The following tables present the amortized cost basis for client financing receivables by credit quality indicator at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Receivables with a credit quality indicator ranging from Aaa to Baa3 are considered investment grade. All others are considered non-investment grade. The credit quality indicators reflect mitigating credit enhancement actions taken by customers which reduce the risk to IBM. Gross write-offs by vintage year at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 were not material.
Modifications
The company did not have any significant modifications due to clients experiencing financial difficulty during the three months ended