Financial Disclosure:
Not applicable.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures:
The company’s management evaluated, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the company’s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this
12
Table of Contents
report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Refer to “Report of Management” and “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” on pages 43 through 45 of IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, which are incorporated herein by reference. There has been no change in the company’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B. Other Information:
None.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections:
Not applicable.
13
Table of Contents
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance:
Refer to the information under the captions “Election of Directors for a Term of One Year,” “Governance and the Board—Committees of the Board,” “Governance and the Board—Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports: None,” “Governance and the Board—Corporate Governance” and “Frequently Asked Questions—How do I submit an item of business for the 2026 Annual Meeting?” in IBM’s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and delivered to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 29, 2025, all of which information is incorporated herein by reference. Also refer to Item 1 of this Form 10-K under the caption “Information About Our Executive Officers (at February 25, 2025)” on page
3
for additional information on the company’s executive officers.
Item 11. Executive Compensation:
Refer to the information under the captions “2024 Summary Compensation Table and Related Narrative,” “2024 Summary Compensation Table,” “2024 Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “2024 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table,” “2024 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table,” “2024 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table,” “2024 Retention Plan Table,” “2024 Pension Benefits Narrative,” “2024 Pension Benefits Table,” “2024 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Narrative,” “2024 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table,” “2024 Potential Payments Upon Termination Narrative,” “2024 Potential Payments Upon Termination Table,” “2024 Director Compensation Table,” “Director Compensation under the IBM Deferred Compensation and Equity Award Plan (DCEAP),” “Governance and the Board—Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation: None,” “Compensation Program as It Relates to Risk,” “2024 Executive Compensation—Report