Segment Reporting Disclosures
Standard/Description
–Issuance date: November 2023. This guidance requires the disclosure of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to a company's chief operating decision maker and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss. The company must also disclose “other segment items,” which is the difference between segment revenue less significant expenses for each reported measure of segment profit or loss, and a description of its composition. This guidance also requires certain segment annual disclosures to be provided on an interim basis.
Effective Date and Adoption Considerations
–The guidance was effective for annual periods beginning in 2024, and for interim periods beginning January 1, 2025, and is required to be applied on a retrospective basis to all prior periods presented. Early adoption was permitted. The company adopted the guidance as of the effective date.
Effect on Financial Statements or Other Significant Matters
–The guidance is a change to disclosures only, that impacted the “Segments” note within the company's quarterly and annual financial statements but did not have an impact on the consolidated financial results.
10
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
3.
Revenue Recognition:
Disaggregation of Revenue
In the first quarter of 2025, the company made changes to the reported revenue categories within its Software and Consulting reportable segments to better reflect the market opportunities and how IBM addresses them. Beginning January 1, 2025, the company reports revenue for Hybrid Cloud (Red Hat), Automation, Data and Transaction Processing within Software; and it no longer reports revenue for Hybrid Platform & Solutions. Within Consulting, the company reports revenue for Strategy and Technology and Intelligent Operations. These changes did not impact the company's Consolidated Financial Statements or its reportable segments.
The following tables provide details of revenue by major products/service offerings and revenue by geography.
Revenue by Major Products/Service Offerings
(1)
Prior-year amounts recast to reflect January 2025 changes to the reported revenue categories within Software and Consulting segments.
(2)
Contains lease and loan financing arrangements which are not subject to the guidance on revenue from contracts with customers.
Revenue by Geography
Remaining Performance Obligations
The remaining performance obligation (RPO) disclosure provides the aggregate amount of the transaction price yet to be recognized as of the end of the reporting period and an explanation as to when the company expects to recognize these amounts in revenue. It is intended to be a statement of overall work under contract that has not yet been performed and does not include contracts in which the customer is not committed, such as certain as-a-service, governmental, term software license and services offerings. The customer is not