cybersecurity risks.
We periodically engage third parties to supplement and review our cybersecurity practices and provide relevant certifications.
We have a global incident response process, managed by IBM’s Computer Security Incident Response Team (“CSIRT”), that relies primarily on internal expertise to respond to cybersecurity threats and attacks. We utilize a combination of online training, educational tools, videos and other awareness initiatives to foster a culture of security awareness and responsibility among our workforce, including responsibility for reporting suspicious activity.
IBM has a third party supplier risk management program to oversee and identify risks from cybersecurity threats associated with its use of third party service providers and vendors. Risks are assessed and prioritized based, among other things, on the type of offering/engagement, supplier assessments, threat intelligence, and industry practices.
As discussed in greater detail in Item 1A., "Risk Factors," the company faces numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats, including risks originating from the increased use of AI, intentional acts of individual and groups of criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored organizations, nation states and competitors; from intentional and unintentional acts or omissions of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees and other third parties; and from errors in processes or technologies, as well as the risks associated with the number of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees and other third parties working remotely.
While the company continues to monitor for, identify, investigate, respond to and remediate cybersecurity risks, including incidents and vulnerabilities, there have not been any that have had a material adverse effect on the company, though there is no assurance that there will not be cybersecurity risks that will have a material adverse effect in the future.
Governance
IBM’s Enterprise & Technology Security (“E&TS”) organization has oversight responsibility for the security of both IBM’s internal systems and external offerings and works across all of the organizations within the company to protect IBM, its brand, and its clients against cybersecurity risks. E&TS also addresses cybersecurity risks associated with third party suppliers. For these purposes, E&TS includes a dedicated Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”) whose team is responsible for leading enterprise-wide information security strategy, policy, standards, architecture, and processes for IBM’s internal systems. The CISO manages the CSIRT. The CISO also manages the Product Security Incident Response Team (“PSIRT”), which focuses on product vulnerabilities potentially affecting the security of offerings sold to customers. IBM also has Business Information Security Officers (“BISO”) who are coordinated by the Office of the CISO on security issues specific to particular business segments.
10
Table of