company failing to achieve anticipated revenue improvements and cost savings, the failure to retain key personnel or strategic relationships of acquired companies, the assumption of liabilities related to litigation or other legal proceedings involving the businesses in such transactions, and delays in obtaining, or the failure to obtain, necessary governmental or regulatory approvals, as well as the failure to close planned transactions. Such transactions may require the company to secure financing and any significant disruption or turmoil in the capital markets could have an adverse effect on IBM’s ability to access the capital markets at favorable terms. From time to time, the company divests or attempts to divest assets that are no longer central to its strategic objectives. Any such transaction is subject to risks, including risks related to the terms and timing of such divestitures, risks related to retained liabilities not subject to the company’s control, and delays in obtaining, or failing to obtain, necessary governmental or regulatory approvals, as well as the failure to close planned transactions.
The Company’s Financial Results for Particular Periods Are Difficult to Predict:
IBM’s revenues and profitability are affected by such factors as the introduction of new products and services, the ability to compete effectively in increasingly competitive marketplaces, the length of the sales cycles and the seasonality of technology purchases. In addition, certain of the company’s growth areas involve new products, new customers, new and evolving competitors, and new markets, all of which contribute to the difficulty of predicting the company’s financial results. The company’s financial results may also be impacted by the structure of products and services contracts and the nature of its customers’ businesses; for example, certain of the company’s services contracts with commercial customers in regulated industries are subject to periodic review by regulators with respect to controls and processes. Further, general economic conditions, including sudden shifts in regional or global economic activity may impact the company’s financial results in any particular period. As a result of the above-mentioned factors, the company’s financial results are difficult to predict. Historically, the company has had lower revenue in the first quarter than in the immediately preceding fourth quarter. In addition, the high volume of products typically ordered at the end of each quarter, especially at the end of the fourth quarter, make financial results for a given period difficult to predict.
4
Table of Contents
Due to the Company’s Global Presence, Its Business and Operations Could Be Impacted by Local Legal, Economic, Political, Health and Other Conditions:
The company is a globally integrated entity, doing business in over 175 countries worldwide and deriving about sixty percent of its revenues from sales outside the United States. Changes in the laws or