outstanding at March 31, 2025, were as follows:
Interest on Debt
Lines of Credit
The company has a $
2.5
billion
Three-Year
Credit Agreement and a $
7.5
billion
Five-Year
Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreements) with maturity dates of June 20, 2027 and June 22, 2029, respectively
.
The Credit Agreements permit the company and its subsidiary borrowers to borrow up to $
10
billion on a revolving basis. At March 31, 2025, there were
no
borrowings by the company, or its subsidiaries, under these credit facilities.
27
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
13.
Commitments:
The company’s extended lines of credit to third-party entities include unused amounts of $
1.9
billion and $
1.6
billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. A portion of these amounts was available to the company’s business partners to support their working capital needs. In addition, the company has committed to provide future financing to its clients in connection with client purchase agreements for $
2.1
billion and $
2.2
billion at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
The company collectively evaluates the allowance for these arrangements using a provision methodology consistent with the portfolio of the commitments. Refer to note A, “Significant Accounting Policies,” in the company’s 2024 Annual Report for additional information.
The allowance for these commitments is recorded in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and was not material at March 31, 2025.
The company has applied the guidance requiring a guarantor to disclose certain types of guarantees, even if the likelihood of requiring the guarantor’s performance is remote.
The following is a description of arrangements in which the company is the guarantor.
The company is a party to a variety of agreements pursuant to which it may be obligated to indemnify the other party with respect to certain matters. Typically, these obligations arise in the context of contracts entered into by the company, under which the company customarily agrees to hold the party harmless against losses arising from a breach of representations and covenants related to such matters as title to the assets sold, certain intellectual property rights, specified environmental matters, third-party performance of nonfinancial contractual obligations and certain income taxes. In each of these circumstances, payment by the company is conditioned on the other party making a claim pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular contract, the procedures of which typically allow the company to challenge the other party’s claims. While indemnification provisions typically do not include a contractual maximum on the company’s payment, the company’s obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time and/or nature of claim, and in some instances, the company may have recourse against third parties for certain payments made by the company.
It is not possible to