interruption of information technology systems, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If the company fails to maintain the adequacy of its internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if the company experiences difficulties in their implementation, the company’s business and operating results could be harmed and the company could fail to meet its financial reporting obligations.
The Company’s Use of Accounting Estimates Involves Judgment and Could Impact the Company’s Financial Results:
The application of accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (GAAP) requires the company to make estimates and assumptions about certain items and future events that directly affect its reported financial condition. The company’s most critical accounting estimates are described in the Management Discussion in IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, under “Critical Accounting Estimates.” In addition, as discussed in note Q, “Commitments & Contingencies,” in IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders, the company makes certain estimates including decisions related to legal proceedings and reserves. These estimates and assumptions involve the use of judgment. As a result, actual financial results may differ.
The Company’s Goodwill or Amortizable Intangible Assets May Become Impaired:
The company acquires other companies, including the intangible assets of those companies. The company may not realize all the economic benefit from those acquisitions, which could cause an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets. If our goodwill or net intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a charge to the Consolidated Income Statement.
The Company Depends on Skilled Employees and Could Be Impacted by a Shortage of Critical Skills:
Much of the future success of the company depends on the continued service, availability and integrity of skilled employees, including technical, marketing and staff resources. Skilled and experienced personnel in the areas where the company competes are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. Changing demographics and labor work force trends may result in a shortage of or insufficient knowledge and skills. In addition, as global opportunities and industry demand shifts, realignment, training and scaling of skilled resources may not be sufficiently rapid or successful. Further, many of IBM’s key employees receive a total compensation package that includes equity awards. Any new regulations, volatility in the
5
Table of Contents
stock market and other factors could diminish the company’s use or the value of the company’s equity awards, putting the company at a competitive disadvantage.
The Company’s Business Could Be Impacted by Its Relationships with Critical Suppliers:
IBM’s business