a number of variables, including: the timing and amount of such losses or damages; the structure and type of any such remedies; the significance of the impact any such losses, damages or remedies may have in the Consolidated Financial Statements; and the unique facts and circumstances of the particular matter that may give rise to additional factors. While the company will continue to defend itself vigorously, it is possible that the company’s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be affected in any particular period by the resolution of one or more of these matters.
29
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
The following is a summary of the more significant legal matters involving the company.
On June 2, 2022, a putative class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York alleging that the IBM Pension Plan miscalculated certain joint and survivor annuity pension benefits by using outdated actuarial tables in violation of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. IBM, the Plan Administrator Committee, and the IBM Pension Plan are named as defendants. On April 4, 2024, the court dismissed the lawsuit with prejudice. On April 3, 2025, the Second Circuit vacated and remanded the district court’s decision to allow for discovery on statute of limitations.
As disclosed in the Kyndryl Form 10 and subsequent Kyndryl public filings, in 2017, BMC Software, Inc. (BMC) filed suit against IBM in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas in a dispute involving IBM’s former managed infrastructure services business. On May 30, 2022, the trial court awarded BMC $
718
million in direct damages and $
718
million in punitive damages, plus interest and fees. On April 30, 2024, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit reversed and rendered the district court’s judgment in IBM’s favor. No material liability or related indemnification was recorded by IBM. On March 10, 2025, the United States Supreme Court denied BMC’s petition for certiorari.
The company is party to, or otherwise involved in, proceedings brought by U.S. federal or state environmental agencies under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA), known as “Superfund,” or laws similar to CERCLA. Such statutes require potentially responsible parties to participate in remediation activities regardless of fault or ownership of sites. The company is also conducting environmental investigations, assessments or remediations at or in the vicinity of several current or former operating sites globally pursuant to permits, administrative orders or agreements with country, state or local environmental agencies, and is involved in lawsuits and claims concerning certain current or former operating sites.
The company is also subject to ongoing tax examinations and governmental assessments in various