Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
Cost/(Income) of Retirement Plans
The following table provides the components of the cost/(income) for the company’s retirement-related benefit plans.
(1)
These components of net periodic pension cost are included in other (income) and expense in the Consolidated Income Statement.
Cost of Nonpension Postretirement Plans
The following table provides the components of the cost for the company’s nonpension postretirement plans.
(1)
These components of net periodic pension cost are included in other (income) and expense in the Consolidated Income Statement.
39
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
Plan Contributions
The company does not anticipate any significant changes to the expected plan contributions in 2025 from the amounts disclosed in the 2024 Annual Report.
The table below includes contributions to the following plans:
(1)
Amounts reported net of refunds.
The U.S. nonpension postretirement benefit plan contributions in the table above were made in U.S. Treasury Securities. Additionally, during the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, contributions of $
215
million and $
210
million, respectively, were made to the Active Medical Trust in U.S. Treasury securities.
Contributions made with U.S. Treasury securities are considered a non-cash transaction.
19.
Subsequent Events
:
The company has evaluated subsequent events through the filing of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and determined that there have been no events, other than what has been disclosed in the notes above, that would require adjustments to its disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
40
Table of Contents
Item 2.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
Snapshot
Organization of Information:
In the first quarter of 2025, we made changes to the reported revenue categories within our Software and Consulting reportable segments. These changes did not impact our Consolidated Financial Statements or our reportable segments. The revenue categories are reported on a comparable basis for all periods. Refer to note 3, “Revenue Recognition,” for additional information.
Within the tables presented, certain columns and rows may not add due to the use of rounded numbers for disclosure purposes. Percentages presented are calculated from the underlying whole-dollar amounts. Certain prior-period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current-period presentation. This is annotated where applicable.
Currency
:
The references to “adjusted for currency” or “at constant currency” in the Management Discussion do not include operational impacts that could result from fluctuations in foreign currency rates. When we refer to growth rates at constant currency or adjust such growth rates for currency, it is done so that certain financial results can be viewed without the impact of fluctuations in foreign