and increases in scope are treated as signings only to the extent of the incremental new value. Total signings can vary over time due to a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the timing of signing a small number of larger contracts. Signings associated with an acquisition will be recognized on a prospective basis.
Management believes the estimated values of signings disclosed provide an indication of our forward-looking revenue. Signings are used to monitor the performance of the business and viewed as useful information for management and shareholders. The conversion of signings into revenue may vary based on the types of services and solutions, contract duration, customer decisions, and other factors, which may include, but are not limited to, the macroeconomic environment.
Infrastructure
Infrastructure revenue of $2,886 million decreased 6.2 percent as reported and 4.3 percent adjusted for currency in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the prior-year period, reflecting the impact of product cycle dynamics in both Hybrid Infrastructure and Infrastructure Support. Hybrid Infrastructure revenue decreased primarily driven by IBM Z. This quarter represents the twelfth quarter of the z16 program, which continues to deliver strong performance in both total revenue and capacity over the life of the program. In April, we announced the launch of the IBM z17 which will be available in June, offering enhanced AI acceleration through multi-model AI capabilities, new security features to protect data, and tools that leverage AI for improving system usability. The z17 expands our value proposition to clients, including lower power requirements, larger capacity growth and increased performance over z16. Distributed Infrastructure revenue decreased reflecting product cycle dynamics that are impacting our Power business, while Storage had another quarter of double-digit growth as our latest innovations continue to address the increasing data demands of our clients. Infrastructure Support revenue decreased as reported, but grew adjusted for currency, as the business continues to stabilize.
Infrastructure gross profit margin of 52.8 percent decreased 1.4 points in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the prior-year period, driven primarily by gross margin declines within Hybrid Infrastructure mainly due to mix resulting from product cycle dynamics. Infrastructure segment profit of $248 million decreased 20.3 percent and segment profit margin of 8.6 percent decreased 1.5 points compared to the prior-year period. The year-to-year decrease in segment profit and margin reflects the revenue decline due to product cycle dynamics and continued investments in innovation for our next generation
48
Table of Contents
Management Discussion – (continued)
of products, partially offset by the benefits from productivity actions and higher IP and custom development income year to year.
Financing
Refer to pages
60
through
61
for a discussion of
Financing’s