defined benefit plan and nonpension postretirement benefit plan service costs, multi-employer plan costs and the cost of defined contribution plans in operating earnings. Non-operating retirement-related costs include defined benefit plan and nonpension postretirement benefit plan amortization of prior service costs, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, amortized actuarial gains/losses, the impacts of any plan curtailments/settlements and pension insolvency costs and other costs. Non-operating retirement-related costs are primarily related to changes in pension
41
Table of Contents
Management Discussion – (continued)
plan assets and liabilities which are tied to financial market performance, and we consider these costs to be outside of the operational performance of the business.
Overall, management believes that supplementally providing investors with a view of operating earnings as described above provides increased transparency and clarity into both the operational results of the business and the performance of our pension plans; improves visibility to management decisions and their impacts on operational performance; enables better comparison to peer companies; and allows us to provide a long-term strategic view of the business going forward. In addition, these non-GAAP measures provide a perspective consistent with areas of interest we routinely receive from investors and analysts.
Financial Results Summary — Three Months Ended March 31
(1)
Year-to-year revenue growth of 2.3 percent adjusted for currency.
(2)
2024 benefit from income taxes due to the resolution of certain tax audit matters.
nm - not meaningful
42
Table of Contents
Management Discussion – (continued)
The following table provides the company’s operating (non-GAAP) earnings for the first quarter of 2025 and 2024.
(1)
Refer to page
62
for a more detailed reconciliation of net income to operating earnings.
Macroeconomic Environment:
Our diversified business portfolio underpinned by Software, Consulting and Infrastructure creates value and drives growth. The economic uncertainties driven by the volatile trade environment have created disruptions in markets and complexities in supply chains. We have a long track record of operating globally and managing supply chain complexities. While no one is immune to uncertainty, we enter this period from a position of relative strength and resiliency having focused on accelerating our productivity initiatives and maintaining our strong balance sheet. These actions, combined with our diversification across geographies, industries and large enterprise clients position us well to navigate the current environment. In addition, the value of technology becomes even more critical during times of uncertainty because it allows businesses to maintain their competitive advantage by driving cost efficiencies and productivity, protecting their financial position, and fueling growth.
In the first three months of 2025, movements in global