currency exchange rates, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons of business performance. Financial results adjusted for currency are calculated by translating current period activity in local currency using the comparable prior-year period’s currency conversion rate. This approach is used for countries where the functional currency is the local currency. Generally, when the dollar either strengthens or weakens against other currencies, the growth at constant currency rates or adjusting for currency will be higher or lower than growth reported at actual exchange rates. Refer to “Currency Rate Fluctuations” for additional information.
Operating (non-GAAP) Earnings:
In an effort to provide better transparency into the operational results of the business, supplementally, management separates business results into operating and non-operating categories. Operating earnings from continuing operations is a non-GAAP measure that excludes the effects of certain acquisition-related charges and intangible asset amortization, expense resulting from basis differences on equity method investments, retirement-related costs and their related tax impacts. Due to the unique, non-recurring nature of the enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (U.S. tax reform), management characterizes the one-time provisional charge recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 and adjustments to that charge as non-operating. Adjustments primarily include true-ups, accounting elections and any changes to regulations, laws or audit adjustments that affect the recorded one-time charge. For acquisitions, operating (non-GAAP) earnings exclude the amortization of acquired intangible assets and acquisition-related charges such as in-process research and development, transaction costs, applicable retention, restructuring and related expenses, tax charges related to acquisition integration and pre-closing charges, such as financing costs. These charges are excluded as they may be inconsistent in amount and timing from period to period and are significantly impacted by the size, type and frequency of our acquisitions. Management also characterized as non-operating expense, given its unique and temporary nature, the mark-to-market impact on the foreign exchange derivative contracts entered into prior to the acquisition of StreamSets and webMethods from Software AG, beginning in December 2023, to economically hedge the foreign currency exposure related to the purchase price of this acquisition. These derivative contracts expired by June 28, 2024. This impact was recorded in other (income) and expense in the Consolidated Income Statement and reflected the changes in fair value of these derivative contracts. All other spending for acquired companies is included in both earnings from continuing operations and in operating (non-GAAP) earnings. For retirement-related costs, management characterizes certain items as operating and others as non-operating, consistent with GAAP. We include