Table of Contents
Management Discussion – (continued)
expansion reflect our operating leverage driven by our revenue performance and portfolio mix as well as the benefits from our continued productivity actions and innovations within the software portfolio.
Consulting
(1)
Recast to reflect January 2025 changes to the reported revenue categories.
Consulting revenue of $5,068 million decreased 2.3 percent as reported (0.5 percent adjusted for currency) in the first quarter of 2025 compared to the prior-year period. Within Consulting, Strategy and Technology provides strategy, process design, system implementation, and cloud architecture and implementation services. In the first quarter, Strategy and Technology had declines in strategy and process design, which are more discretionary in nature, partially offset by growth in technology consulting, and supply chain and business application transformations. Intelligent Operations delivers application, cloud platform, and operations services. The revenue performance this quarter within Intelligent Operations reflects a sequential improvement compared to the year-to-year performance in fourth-quarter 2024, as clients focus on the cost and productivity savings provided by our application management services.
In the first quarter of 2025, Consulting gross profit margin of 27.3 percent increased 1.9 points on a year-to-year basis. Segment profit of $558 million increased 31.6 percent and segment profit margin of 11.0 percent increased 2.8 points year to year. The gross profit margin expansion and increase in segment profit and margin reflect the benefits from the productivity actions we have taken.
Consulting Signings and Book-to-Bill
In the first quarter of 2025, Consulting signings decreased 10.5 percent as reported and 9.5 percent adjusted for currency compared to the prior-year period. However, we had solid growth in backlog during the quarter. The uncertainty within the current macroeconomic environment is impacting client spending, particularly on more discretionary projects, and is elongating the decision-making process on large, higher value projects. Clients also continue to reprioritize their IT budgets to prepare for investments in generative AI. Our book-to-bill ratio for the trailing twelve-months was over 1.15. Book-to-bill represents the ratio of IBM Consulting signings to its revenue over the same period. The metric is a useful indicator of the demand of our business over time.
47
Table of Contents
Management Discussion – (continued)
Signings are management’s initial estimate of the value of a client’s commitment under a services contract within IBM Consulting. There are no third-party standards or requirements governing the calculation of signings. The calculation used by management involves estimates and judgments to gauge the extent of a client’s commitment, including the type and duration of the agreement, and the presence of termination charges or wind-down costs.
Contract extensions