the current global trade dynamics, we proactively took actions to bolster our supply chain ahead of our z17 launch, resulting in higher inventory levels. In the first quarter of 2025, we invested $7.1 billion in acquisitions, including the acquisition of HashiCorp, and we continued to return value to shareholders with $1.5 billion in dividends.
Events that could temporarily change the historical cash flow dynamics discussed previously and in our 2024 Annual Report include significant changes in operating results, material changes in geographic sources of cash, unexpected adverse impacts from litigation, future pension funding requirements, periods of severe downturn in the capital markets or the timing of tax payments. Whether any litigation has such an adverse impact will depend on a number of variables, which are more completely described in note 14, “Contingencies,” in this Form 10-Q. With respect to pension funding, we expect to make legally mandated pension plan contributions to certain non-U.S. defined benefit plans of approximately $100 million in 2025. Contributions related to all retirement-related plans are expected to be approximately $1.3 billion in 2025. Refer to “Retirement-Related Plans” for additional information. Financial market performance could increase the legally mandated minimum contributions in certain non-U.S. countries that require more frequent remeasurement of the funded status. We are not quantifying any further impact from pension funding because it is not possible to predict future movements in the capital markets or changes in pension plan funding regulations. In 2025, we are not legally required to make any contributions to the U.S. defined benefit pension plans.
Our cash flows are sufficient to fund our current operations and obligations, including investing and financing activities such as dividends and debt service. When additional requirements arise, we have several liquidity options available. These options may include the ability to borrow additional funds at reasonable interest rates and utilizing our committed global credit facilities. Our overall shareholder payout remains at a comfortable level and we remain fully committed to our
long-standing
dividend policy. As discussed in our 2024 Annual Report on page 35, beginning with the first quarter of 2025, we are filing our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q closer to the timing of our quarterly earnings release, which may not coincide with the timing of our Board of Directors dividend approval process, as occurred this quarter. Any common stock dividend approval that occurs by the Board of Directors following this filing may be disclosed in a current report on Form 8-K.
59
Table of Contents
Management Discussion – (continued)
F
inancing
Financing is a reportable segment that facilitates IBM clients’ acquisition of hardware, software and services by providing financing solutions, while generating solid returns on equity.
Results of Operations
For the three