, are summarized in the table below. These amounts also include the cash flows associated with the Financing business.
Net cash provided by operating activities increased $202 million as compared to the first three months of 2024. This was due to performance-related improvements within net income, and an increase in cash provided by financing receivables; partially offset by balance sheet dynamics. Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions/divestitures in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows also includes the reduction of tax reserves in the first quarter of 2024, which represents a non-cash adjustment to reconcile net income to cash from operating activities.
Net cash used in investing activities increased $8,769 million primarily driven by the HashiCorp acquisition, higher net purchases of marketable securities and other investments, and a decrease in cash provided by divestitures as the first quarter 2024 included the sale of The Weather Company assets.
Net cash provided by financing activities increased by $3,566 million primarily driven by a higher level of net debt issuances in the current
-
year period.
Looking Forward
Technology remains a key competitive advantage which allows businesses to drive cost efficiencies, productivity, and to fuel growth and transformation. It is clear that technology is playing a significant role as the value of hybrid cloud, automation, data sovereignty, and on-prem solutions becomes even more critical in today’s environment. AI-driven productivity continues to be a priority for businesses for both cost reductions and new revenue opportunities.
Enterprise AI continues to gain traction. The portfolio of AI offerings we have built, including cost efficient, fit-for-purpose open-source models deployed in hybrid environments, is focused on helping businesses scale AI and generate return through productivity improvements and automation. In Software, IBM watsonx provides a robust portfolio of AI products for developing AI apps, managing data, and governing the entire lifecycle of AI models. In April, we announced the upcoming launch of the IBM z17, which delivers enhanced AI acceleration through multi-model AI capabilities. We continue to see Infrastructure play a larger role, enabling hybrid cloud environments for mission-critical transactions and AI workloads, as clients bring AI to their data. In Consulting, our experts are helping clients design and execute AI strategies by leveraging the IBM Consulting Advantage platform, an AI delivery platform designed to implement solutions at scale, transforming how our consultants work and harnessing AI across every stage of the project lifecycle.
We remain focused on accelerating innovation speed and impact, and we continue to invest in emerging technologies, including Quantum, bringing new innovations to market. To complement our portfolio, we completed three acquisitions in
56
Table of Contents
Management Discussion – (continued)
the first