corporate purposes, including our future debt maturity obligations, as well as capital allocation priorities. Refer to note 12, “Borrowings,” for additional information.
We do not have “ratings trigger” provisions in our debt covenants or documentation, which would allow the holders to declare an event of default and seek to accelerate payments thereunder in the event of a change in credit rating. Our debt covenants are well within the required levels. Our contractual agreements governing derivative instruments contain standard market clauses which can trigger the termination of the agreement if our credit rating were to fall below investment grade. At March 31, 2025, the fair value of those instruments that were in a liability position was $608 million, before any applicable netting, and this position is subject to fluctuations in fair value period to period based on the level of our outstanding instruments and market conditions. We have no other contractual arrangements that, in the event of a change in credit rating, would result in a material adverse effect on our financial position or liquidity.
We prepare our Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in accordance with applicable accounting standards for cash flow presentation on page
7
of this Form 10-Q and highlight causes and events underlying sources and uses of cash in that format on page
56
. For the purpose of running its business, IBM manages, monitors and analyzes cash flows in a different manner.
Management uses
free cash flow as a measure to evaluate its operating results, plan shareholder return levels, strategic investments and assess its ability and need to incur and service debt. The entire free cash flow amount is not necessarily available for discretionary expenditures. We define free cash flow as net cash from operating activities less the change in Financing receivables and net capital expenditures, including the investment in software and other asset sales. A key objective of the Financing business is to generate strong returns on equity, and our Financing receivables are the basis for that growth. Accordingly, management considers Financing receivables as a profit-generating investment, not as working capital that should be minimized for efficiency. Therefore, management includes presentations of both free cash flow and net cash from operating activities that exclude the effect of Financing receivables.
58
Table of Contents
Management Discussion – (continued)
The following is
management’s view of cash flows for the first three months of 2025 and 2024 prepared in a manner consistent with the description above.
(1)
Prior-year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the change in 2025 presentation.
In the first three months of 2025, we generated $2.0 billion in free cash flow, an increase of $0.1 billion versus the prior-year period. The increase was primarily driven by performance-related improvements within net income; partially offset by balance sheet dynamics. Given