(excluding capitalized interest) for the first quarter of 2025 was $542 million, an increase of $25 million year to year primarily driven by higher average interest rates in the current year.
Retirement-Related Plans
The following tables provide the total pre-tax cost for all retirement-related plans. The operating cost amounts are included in the Consolidated Income Statement within the caption (e.g., Cost, SG&A, R&D) relating to the job function of the plan participants. The non-operating cost amounts are included in other (income) and expense.
52
Table of Contents
Management Discussion – (continued)
Total pre-tax retirement-related plan cost decreased by $88 million compared to the first quarter of 2024, primarily driven by a decrease in recognized actuarial losses ($107 million), and lower interest costs ($82 million), partially offset by lower expected return on plan assets ($116 million).
As described in the “Operating (non-GAAP) Earnings” section, management characterizes certain retirement-related costs as operating and others as non-operating. Utilizing this characterization, operating retirement-related costs in the first quarter of 2025 were $243 million, a decrease of $14 million compared to the first quarter of 2024. The decrease was primarily driven by lower service cost ($13 million). Non-operating costs/(income) was $23 million of cost in the first quarter of 2025 compared to $96 million in the prior-year period.
The year-to-year decrease in recognized actuarial losses was primarily driven by the prior year U.S. and Canada pension transfers which accelerated the recognition of actuarial losses in the second half of 2024. Refer to note U, “Retirement-Related Benefits,” in our 2024 Annual Report for additional information.
Taxes
The continuing operations provision for income taxes in the first quarter of 2025 was $103 million, compared to a benefit from income taxes of $502 million in the first quarter of 2024. The prior-year tax benefit was primarily driven by the resolution of certain tax audit matters. The operating (non-GAAP) provision for income taxes in the first quarter of 2025 was $221 million, compared to $94 million in the first quarter of 2024. The operating (non-GAAP) income tax provision year-to-year change was primarily driven by the same factor described above.
IBM’s tax provision and effective tax rate are impacted by recurring factors including the geographical mix of income before taxes, incentives, specific transactions, changes in unrecognized tax benefits and discrete tax events, such as the settlement of income tax audits and changes in or new interpretations of tax laws. The GAAP tax provision and effective tax rate could also be affected by adjustments to the previously recorded charges for U.S. tax reform attributable to any changes in law, new regulations and guidance, and audit adjustments, among others.
The U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has proposed adjustments related to certain cross-border