three months of 2025, including the previously announced acquisition of HashiCorp, which brings leading automation and security tools that integrate with our hybrid cloud strategy.
Our performance this quarter reflects the continued success of our focused strategy around hybrid cloud and AI. For the last several years, we have been strengthening our portfolio and building on consistency in execution. Over the longer term, we are focused on delivering on our financial model presented at Investor Day earlier this year.
There are areas of our portfolio that could see greater variability in the event that the macroeconomic environment deteriorates. This includes Consulting which is more sensitive to discretionary pullbacks and DOGE related initiatives, consumption-based services in Software, including in Red Hat, and areas of Distributed Infrastructure. As we look forward to the remainder of 2025, we expect to remain disciplined about managing our spending. The strength of our balance sheet and strong liquidity position allow us to make investments in our business for the long-term.
While there is uncertainty, we believe our focused portfolio, disciplined investments in innovation, diverse set of businesses and clients, relentless focus on productivity, and strong liquidity position drive the durability of our performance.
Retirement-Related Plans
Our pension plans are well funded. Contributions for all retirement-related plans are expected to be approximately $1.3 billion in 2025, essentially flat compared to 2024, of which $0.1 billion generally relates to legally required contributions to non-U.S. defined benefit and multi-employer plans. We expect 2025 pre-tax retirement-related plan cost to be approximately $1.1 billion. This estimate reflects current pension plan assumptions at December 31, 2024. Within total retirement-related plan cost, operating retirement-related plan cost is expected to be approximately $1.0 billion in 2025, essentially flat compared to 2024. Non-operating retirement-related plan cost is expected to be approximately $0.1 billion, a decrease of approximately $3.3 billion compared to 2024, primarily driven by the $3.1 billion pension settlement charges resulting from the U.S. and Canada pension transfers in the second half of 2024, and lower recognized actuarial losses.
Currency Rate Fluctuations
Changes in the relative values of non-U.S. currencies to the U.S. dollar affect our financial results and financial position. Movements in currency, and the fact that we do not hedge 100 percent of our currency exposures, will result in a currency impact to our revenues, profit and cash flows throughout 2025. We execute a hedging program which defers, versus eliminates, the volatility of currency impacts on our financial results. During periods of sustained movements in currency, the marketplace and competition adjust to the changing rates over time.
References to “adjusted for currency” or “constant currency” reflect adjustments