December 31, 2024, the total notional amount of derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges of foreign-currency denominated debt was $
7.0
billion and $
5.0
billion, respectively.
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, in connection with forward contracts, there were unrealized net gains (before taxes) of $
10
million and $
84
million, respectively, deferred in AOCI. Approximately $
104
million of losses (before taxes) related to the initial forward points excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness is expected to be amortized to other (income) and expense within the next 12 months.
Subsidiary Cash and Foreign Currency Asset/Liability Management
The company uses its Global Treasury Centers to manage the cash of its subsidiaries. These centers principally use currency swaps to convert cash flows in a cost-effective manner. In addition, the company uses forward contracts to economically hedge, on a net basis, the foreign currency exposure of a portion of the company’s nonfunctional currency assets and liabilities. The terms of these forward and swap contracts are generally less than
one year
. The changes in the fair values of these contracts and of the underlying hedged exposures are generally offsetting and are recorded in other (income) and expense in the Consolidated Income Statement. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the total notional amount of derivative instruments in economic hedges of foreign currency exposure was $
6.3
billion and $
7.4
billion, respectively.
Equity Risk Management
The company is exposed to market price changes in certain broad market indices and in the company’s own stock primarily related to certain obligations to employees. Changes in the overall value of these employee compensation obligations are recorded in SG&A expense in the Consolidated Income Statement. Although not designated as accounting hedges, the company utilizes derivatives, including equity swaps and futures, to economically hedge the exposures related to its employee compensation obligations. The derivatives are linked to the total return on certain broad market indices or the total return on the company’s common stock, and are recorded at fair value with gains or losses also reported in SG&A expense in the Consolidated Income Statement. At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the total notional amount of derivative instruments in economic hedges of these compensation obligations was $
1.3
billion and $
1.5
billion, respectively.
35
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
Cumulative Basis Adjustments for Fair Value Hedges
At March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the following amounts were recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet related to cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges:
(1)
Includes ($
144
) million and ($
155
) million of hedging adjustments on discontinued hedging relationships at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
The Effect of Derivative