Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 29, 2025 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.
Table of Contents
i
Table of Contents
PART I
Item 1. Business:
International Business Machines Corporation (IBM or the company) was incorporated in the State of New York on June 16, 1911, as the Computing-Tabulating-Recording Co. (C-T-R), a consolidation of the Computing Scale Co. of America, the Tabulating Machine Co. and The International Time Recording Co. of New York. Since that time, IBM has focused on the intersection of business insight and technological innovation, and its operations and aims have been international in nature. This was signaled over 100 years ago, in 1924, when C-T-R changed its name to International Business Machines Corporation. And it continues today—we create sustained value for clients by helping them leverage the power of hybrid cloud and artificial intelligence (AI). Our hybrid cloud platform and AI technology support clients’ digital transformations and helps them reimagine critical workflows, at scale, and modernize applications to increase agility, drive innovation and create operational efficiencies. Our offerings draw from leading IBM capabilities in software, consulting services capability to deliver business outcomes, and deep incumbency in mission-critical infrastructure, all bolstered by one of the world’s leading research organizations.
The following information is included in IBM’s 2024 Annual Report to Stockholders and is incorporated by reference:
IBM Strategy—pages 11 to 12.
Business Segments and Capabilities—pages 12 to 14.
Human Capital—pages 14 to 15.
Strategic Partnerships
We proactively partner with a broad variety of companies including hyperscalers, service providers, global system integrators, and software and hardware vendors. We work alongside our partners to deliver end-to-end solutions that address our clients’ complex business challenges while accelerating growth. Our strategic partners include: Adobe, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft, Oracle, Palo Alto Networks, Salesforce, Samsung Electronics and SAP, among others.
Companies with which we have strategic partnerships in some areas may be competitors in other areas.
Competition
IBM is a globally integrated enterprise that participates in a highly competitive environment. Our competitors vary by industry segment, and range from large multinational enterprises to smaller, more narrowly focused entities. Across our business segments, we recognize hundreds of competitors worldwide and as we execute our hybrid cloud and AI strategy, we are regularly exposed to new competitors.
Our principal methods of competition are: technology innovation; performance; price; quality; brand; our breadth of capabilities, products and services; talent; client relationships and trust; the ability to deliver business value to clients; and service and support. In order to maintain leadership, we optimize our portfolio with organic and