of the Executive Compensation and Management Resources Committee of the Board of Directors,” “Pay Ratio, ” "Pay Versus Performance," and "Equity Award Grant Practices" in IBM’s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and delivered to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 29, 2025, all of which information is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters:
Refer to the information under the captions “Ownership of Securities—Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners” and “Ownership of Securities—Common Stock and Stock-based Holdings of Directors and Executive Officers” in IBM’s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and delivered to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 29, 2025, all of which information is incorporated herein by reference.
14
Table of Contents
EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION
N/A is not applicable
RSUs = Restricted Stock Units, including Retention Restricted Stock Units
PSUs = Performance Share Units
DCEAP Shares = Promised Fee Shares under the DCEAP (refer to plan description below)
(1)
In connection with 15 acquisition transactions, 205,078 additional share based awards, consisting of stock options, were outstanding at December 31, 2024 as a result of the Company’s assumption of awards granted by the acquired entities. The weighted-average exercise price of these awards was $23.47. The Company has not made, and will not make, any further grants or awards of equity securities under the plans of these acquired companies.
(2)
The numbers included for PSUs in column (a) above reflect the maximum number payout. Assuming target number payout, the number of securities to be issued upon exercise of PSUs for equity compensation plans approved by security holders is 2,969,258 and for equity compensation plans not approved by security holders is 332,292. For additional information about PSUs, including payout calculations, refer to the information under
“
2024 Summary Compensation Table and Related Narrative
”
in IBM’s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC and delivered to stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 29, 2025.
The material features of each equity compensation plan under which equity securities are authorized for issuance that was adopted without stockholder approval are described below:
2001 Long-Term Performance Plan (the “2001 Plan”)
The 2001 Plan has been used to fund awards for employees other than senior executives of the Company. Awards for senior executives of the Company have been and will continue to be funded from the stockholder-approved 1999 Long-Term Performance Plan (the “1999 Plan”); the 1999 Plan is also used to fund awards for employees other than senior executives, otherwise, the provisions of the 2001 Plan are identical to the 1999 Plan,