jurisdictions. Along with many other U.S. companies doing business in Brazil, the company is involved in various challenges with Brazilian tax authorities regarding non-income tax assessments and non-income tax litigation matters. The total potential amount related to all these matters for all applicable years is approximately $
300
million. The company believes it will prevail on these matters and that this amount is not a meaningful indicator of
liability.
30
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
15.
Equity Activity:
Reclassifications and Taxes Related to Items of Other Comprehensive Income
(1)
These accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. Refer to note 18, “Retirement-Related Benefits,” for additional information.
31
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
Reclassifications and Taxes Related to Items of Other Comprehensive Income
(1)
These AOCI components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. Refer to note 18, “Retirement-Related Benefits,” for additional information.
32
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (continued)
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) (net of tax)
(1)
Foreign currency translation adjustments are presented gross except for any associated hedges which are presented net of tax.
16.
Derivative Financial Instruments:
The company operates in multiple functional currencies and is a significant lender and borrower in the global markets. In the normal course of business, the company is exposed to the impact of interest rate changes and foreign currency fluctuations, and to a lesser extent equity risk. The company limits these risks by following established risk management policies and procedures, including the use of derivatives, and, where cost effective, financing with debt in the currencies in which assets are denominated. For interest rate exposures, derivatives are used to better align rate movements between the interest rates associated with the company’s lease and other financial assets and the interest rates associated with its financing debt. Derivatives are also used to manage the related cost of debt. For foreign currency exposures, derivatives are used to better manage the cash flow volatility arising from foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
In the Consolidated Balance Sheet, the company does not offset derivative assets against liabilities in master netting arrangements nor does it offset receivables or payables recognized upon payment or receipt of cash collateral against the fair values of the related derivative instruments.
The amount recognized in other accounts receivables for the right to reclaim cash collateral was $
4
million and $
29
million at March 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. At March 31, 2025, there was
no
amount recognized in accounts payable for the obligation to return cash