related disclosures.
Table of Contents
Income Tax
- In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09,
"Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures."
This standard requires additional disclosures related to the income tax rate reconciliation, income taxes paid by jurisdiction, and other income tax-related disclosures. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, which means that it will be effective for us for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2026. Early adoption is permitted on either a prospective or retrospective basis. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2023-09 on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
Income Statement - Expense Disaggregation
- In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03,
"Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses,"
and in January 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-01,
"Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Clarifying the Effective Date,"
which clarified the effective date of ASU 2024-03. This standard requires entities to disaggregate operating expenses into specific categories such as employee compensation, depreciation, and intangible asset amortization, by relevant expense caption on the statement of operations. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, which means that it will be effective for our annual reporting for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2028 and for interim period reporting beginning in fiscal 2029. Early adoption is permitted on either a prospective or retrospective basis. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2024-03 on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
The authoritative guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. When determining fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market for an asset or liability and assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. In addition, we consider and use all valuation methods that are appropriate in estimating the fair value of an asset or liability.
The authoritative guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that is based on the extent and level of judgment used to estimate the fair value of assets and liabilities. In general, the authoritative guidance requires us to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. An asset or liability’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the