work we do to support our employees.
Total Rewards
Our compensation philosophy aims to attract and retain top talent for today and the future. Intuit’s total target compensation includes base pay, a range of incentive plans that vary based on role, and stock-based awards – all set at market-competitive levels. Incentive compensation plans are part of our pay-for-performance philosophy, including close alignment with Company performance that rewards top performers. Most employees are eligible for stock-based awards, which allows the majority of our employees to share in the Company’s success.
We also offer eligible employees a broad range of competitive benefits designed to protect and enhance their health, financial future, and overall well-being. These programs include health care, free mental health counseling and resources, retirement benefits, life and family support programs, and paid time off, including annual paid recharge days and family and parental leave.
The following table shows Intuit’s executive officers and their areas of responsibility as of July 31, 2024. Their biographies follow the table.
Mr. Goodarzi has been President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors since January 2019 and previously served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of Intuit’s Small Business Group since May 2016. He previously was Executive Vice President and General Manager of Intuit’s Consumer Tax Group from August 2015 through April 2016 and from August 2013 to July 2015 served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Consumer Tax Group. He served as Intuit’s Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer from August 2011 to July 2013, having rejoined Intuit after serving as CEO of Nexant Inc., a privately held provider of intelligent grid software and clean energy solutions, beginning in November 2010. During his previous tenure at Intuit from 2004 to 2010, Mr. Goodarzi led several business units, including Intuit Financial Services and the professional tax division. Prior to joining Intuit, Mr. Goodarzi worked for Invensys, a global provider of industrial automation, transportation, and controls technology, serving as global president of the products group. He also held a number of senior leadership roles in the automation control division at Honeywell Inc. He serves on the board of Atlassian Corporation Plc and chairs the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee. Mr. Goodarzi holds a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Central Florida and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.
Mr. Cook, a founder of Intuit, has been an Intuit director since March 1984. He served as Intuit’s Chairman of the Board from February 1993 to July 1998. From April 1984 to April 1994, he served as Intuit’s President and Chief Executive Officer.
Tables of Contents
Mr. Cook served on the board of directors of The