to prepare and file their federal and state income tax returns quickly and accurately. These offerings are available either online or as desktop versions in the U.S. and Canada. They are designed to be easy to use, yet sophisticated enough for complex tax returns. For the 2023 tax season, we offered a variety of commercial software products and tax filing services to meet the different needs of our customers, including those who file simple returns, those who itemize deductions, those who own investments or rental property, and small business owners. We offered TurboTax for small businesses, which enables customers to file their business taxes. We offer TurboTax Live for customers seeking to obtain tax advice from professionals and TurboTax Live Full Service for customers seeking to have their tax returns prepared for them. Customers can electronically file their federal and state income tax returns through our electronic filing service. Other services offered include audit defense and audit support. Our online tax preparation, filing, and other services were offered through the websites and mobile apps of thousands of financial institutions, electronic retailers, and other online merchants. Financial institutions can offer our online tax preparation and filing services to their customers through a link to TurboTax Online.
Credit Karma
Our Credit Karma segment provides consumers with a financial platform that propels them forward wherever they are on their financial journey, enabling them to understand their financial picture, make smart financial decisions, and stick to their financial plan. The platform offers a number of services to our members, many at no charge: access to their credit scores and reports, credit and identity monitoring, credit report dispute, tools to help understand net worth and make financial progress, and personalized recommendations of credit card, loan, and insurance products. Credit Karma Money offers members online savings and checking accounts through an FDIC member bank partner. Credit Karma Money also provides tools to help members improve their credit scores. To provide services to our members, Credit Karma works with a variety of partners, including credit bureaus, banks, credit card issuers, insurance carriers, and other financial institutions and lending partners.
Tables of Contents
Additionally, Credit Karma leverages Lightbox, a first-of-its-kind enterprise platform which allows lenders to leverage thousands of de-identified data points from Credit Karma members to help provide our members with greater certainty that they will be approved if they apply for a financial product.
ProTax
Our ProTax segment includes our professional tax offerings and serves professional accountants in the U.S. and Canada, who are essential to both small business success and tax preparation and filing. Our professional tax offerings consist of Lacerte, ProSeries, and ProConnect Tax Online in the U.S., and ProFile and ProTax Online