Small Business & Self-Employed segment are now managed at the corporate level. As a result of these reorganizations, costs associated with these functions are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. For the twelve months ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, we reclassified expenses totaling $
49
million and $
21
million from Small Business &
Tables of Contents
Self-Employed, $
168
million and $
150
million from Consumer, and $
60
million and $
64
million from ProTax to other corporate expenses, respectively.
On August 1, 2024, we renamed our Small Business & Self-Employed segment as the Global Business Solutions segment. This new name better aligns with the global reach of the Mailchimp and QuickBooks platform, our focus on serving both small and mid-market businesses, and our vision to become the end-to-end platform that customers use to grow and run their business.
All of our segments operate primarily in the United States and sell primarily to customers in the United States. Total international net revenue was approximately
8
% of consolidated total net revenue in each of the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
We include expenses such as corporate selling and marketing, product development, general and administrative, and non-employment related legal and litigation settlement costs, which are not allocated to specific segments, in unallocated corporate items as part of other corporate expenses. For our Credit Karma reportable segment, segment expenses include certain direct expenses related to selling and marketing, product development, and general and administrative. Unallocated corporate items for all segments include share-based compensation, amortization of acquired technology, amortization of other acquired intangible assets, goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges, professional fees and transaction charges related to business combinations, and restructuring charges.
The accounting policies of our reportable segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in Note 1. Except for goodwill and acquired intangible assets, we do not generally track assets by reportable segment and, consequently, we do not disclose total assets by reportable segment. See Note 6,
“Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets,”
for goodwill by reportable segment.
Tables of Contents
The following table shows our financial results by reportable segment for the periods indicated.
(1)
Includes $
25
million in share-based compensation expense associated with our restructuring plan for the twelve months ended July 31, 2024. See Note 16, “
Restructuring”
for more information.
Revenue classified by significant service and product offerings was as follows:
Tables of Contents
In July 2024, our management approved, committed to, and initiated a plan of reorganization (the Plan) focused on reallocating resources to our key growth areas. The Plan includes the exit