products and services are typically heavily concentrated in the period from November through April. This seasonal pattern typically results in higher net revenues during our second and third quarters ending January 31 and April 30, respectively.
In preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), we make certain judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and the disclosures made in the accompanying notes. For example, we use judgments and estimates in determining how revenue should be recognized. These judgments and estimates include identifying performance obligations, determining if the performance obligations are distinct, determining the standalone sales price (SSP) and timing of revenue recognition for each
Tables of Contents
distinct performance obligation, and estimating variable consideration to be included in the transaction price. We use estimates in determining the collectibility of accounts receivable and notes receivable held for investment, the appropriate levels of various accruals including accruals for litigation contingencies, the discount rate used to calculate lease liabilities, the amount of our worldwide tax provision, the realizability of deferred tax assets, the credit losses of available-for-sale debt securities, reserves for losses, the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for business combinations, and the fair value of notes receivable held for sales. We also use estimates in determining the remaining economic lives and fair values of acquired intangible assets, property and equipment, and other long-lived assets. In addition, we use assumptions to estimate the fair value of reporting units and share-based compensation. Despite our intention to establish accurate estimates and use reasonable assumptions, actual results may differ from our estimates.
We derive revenue from the sale of software subscriptions, hosted services, payroll services, merchant payment processing services, software products, live expert advice, financing for small businesses, delivery of qualified links, and financial supplies and hardware. We enter into contracts with customers that include promises to transfer various products and services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. Revenue is recognized when the promised goods or services are transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration allocated to the respective performance obligation.
Nature of Products and Services
Online Offerings
Our online offerings include TurboTax Online and TurboTax Live, ProConnect Tax Online, QuickBooks Online, online payroll, and merchant payment processing services for small and mid-market businesses who use our online offerings. Our Mailchimp offerings include marketing automation and customer relationship management.
These online