such as the Black Scholes model. The use of a lattice binomial model requires the use of extensive actual employee exercise behavior and a number of complex assumptions, including the expected volatility of our stock price over the term of the options, risk-free interest rates and expected dividends. We amortize the fair value of options on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which are generally the vesting periods.
Expected Term
. The expected term of options granted represents the period of time that they are expected to be outstanding and is a derived output of the lattice binomial model. The expected term of stock options is impacted by all of the underlying assumptions and calibration of our model. The lattice binomial model assumes that option exercise behavior is a function of the option’s remaining vested life and the extent to which the market price of our common stock exceeds the option exercise price. The lattice binomial model estimates the probability of exercise as a function of these two variables based on the history of exercises and cancellations on all past option grants made by us.
Expected Volatility
. We estimate the volatility of our common stock at the date of grant based on the implied volatility of one-year and two-year publicly traded options on our common stock. Our decision to use implied volatility was based upon the availability of actively traded options on our common stock and our assessment that implied volatility is more representative of future stock price trends than historical volatility.
Risk-Free Interest Rate
.
We base the risk-free interest rate that we use in our option valuation model on the implied yield in effect at the time of option grant on constant maturity U.S. Treasury issues with equivalent remaining terms.
Dividends
.
We use an annualized expected dividend yield in our option valuation model. We paid quarterly cash dividends during all years presented and currently expect to continue to pay cash dividends in the future.
Forfeitures
.
We adjust share-based compensation expense for actual forfeitures as they occur.
We used the following assumptions to estimate the fair value of stock options granted and shares purchased under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan for the periods indicated:
Tables of Contents
A summary of share-based awards available for grant under our plans for the fiscal periods indicated was as follows:
(1)
RSUs granted from the pool of shares available for grant under our Restated 2005 Plan reduce the pool by
2.3
shares for each share granted. RSUs forfeited and returned to the pool of shares available for grant under the Restated 2005 Plan increase the pool by
2.3
shares for each share forfeited. Through January 20, 2022, shares granted from the Credit Karma Plan reduce the pool by
one
share for each share granted and shares forfeited and returned to the pool from the Credit Karma Plan increase the pool by
one
share for each share forfeited.