Credit Facility). We are exposed to the impact of changes in interest rates as they affect the 2024 Credit Facility. Advances under the 2024 Credit Facility accrue interest at rates equal to (a) in the case of U.S. dollar borrowings, at our election, either (i) the alternate base rate plus a margin that ranges from 0.0% to 0.125%, or (ii) the adjusted term Secured Overnight Finance Rate (SOFR) plus a margin that ranges from 0.7% to 1.125%, or (b) in the case of foreign currency borrowings, the interest benchmark for the relevant currency specified in the credit agreement plus a margin that ranges from 0.7% to 1.125%. Actual margins under either election are based on our senior debt credit ratings. Consequently, our interest expense fluctuates with changes in the general level of these interest rates. At July 31, 2024, no amounts were outstanding under the 2024 Credit Facility.
We are also exposed to the impact of changes in interest rates as they affect our secured revolving credit facilities. Advances under the secured revolving credit facilities accrue interest at either SOFR plus 1.3% or adjusted daily simple SOFR plus 1.5%. Consequently, our interest expense fluctuates with changes in the general level of these interest rates. At July 31, 2024, $585 million was outstanding under the secured revolving credit facilities. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.
Impact of Foreign Currency Rate Changes
The functional currencies of our international operating subsidiaries are generally the local currencies. We translate the assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries at the exchange rates in effect on the balance sheet date. We translate the revenue, costs, and expenses of our foreign subsidiaries at the average rates of exchange in effect during the period. We include translation gains and losses in the stockholders’ equity section of our consolidated balance sheets. We include net gains and
Tables of Contents
losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions in interest and other income or expense in our consolidated statements of operations.
Since we translate foreign currencies (primarily Canadian dollars, Indian rupees, and British pounds) into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes, currency fluctuations can have an impact on our financial results. The historical impact of currency fluctuations on our financial results has generally been immaterial. We believe that our exposure to currency exchange fluctuation risk is not material because our global subsidiaries invoice customers and satisfy their financial obligations almost exclusively in their local currencies. We believe the impact of currency fluctuations will continue to not be material in the foreseeable future due to the reasons cited above. As of July 31, 2024, we did not engage in foreign currency hedging activities.
Tables of Contents
1.
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following