outstanding under our secured revolving credit facilities.
Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that our cash and cash equivalents, investments, cash generated from operations, borrowing capacity under our credit facilities and commercial paper program, and access to external financing will be sufficient to meet anticipated seasonal working capital needs, contractual obligations, commitments, debt service requirements, capital expenditure requirements, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations for at least the next 12 months.
We expect to return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through repurchases of our common stock and payment of cash dividends, after taking into account our operating and strategic cash needs.
We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to quickly respond to these types of opportunities.
The following table summarizes selected items from our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the first six months of fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024. See the financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for complete condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for those periods.
Table of Contents
As described in Note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report, during the first six months of fiscal 2025, we repurchased 2.0 million shares of our common stock under repurchase programs that our Board of Directors has authorized. On August 20, 2024, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the authorization under the existing stock repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase up to an additional $3 billion of our common stock. At January 31, 2025, we had authorization from our Board of Directors for up to $3.6 billion in stock repurchases. We currently expect to continue repurchasing our common stock on a quarterly basis; however, future stock repurchases under the current program are at the discretion of management, and authorization of future stock repurchase programs is subject to the final determination of our Board of Directors.
We have continued to pay quarterly cash dividends on shares of our outstanding common stock. During the six months ended January 31, 2025, we declared quarterly cash dividends that totaled $2.08 per share of outstanding common stock for a total of $598 million. In February 2025, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.04 per share of outstanding common stock payable on April 18, 2025 to stockholders of record at the close of business on April 10, 2025. We currently expect to continue paying comparable cash dividends on a quarterly basis. However, future declarations of dividends and the establishment of future record dates and payment dates are subject to the