continue to pay comparable cash dividends on a quarterly basis in the future; however, future declarations of dividends and the establishment of future record dates and payment dates are subject to the final determination of our Board of Directors.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
None.
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
Stock repurchase activity during the three months ended July 31, 2024 was as follows:
Note
: On August 22, 2023, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the authorization under the existing stock repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase up to an additional $2.3 billion of our common stock. All of the shares repurchased during the three months ended July 31, 2024 were purchased under this plan. At July 31, 2024, we had authorization from our Board of Directors for up to $1.9 billion in stock repurchases. On August 20, 2024, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the authorization under the existing stock repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase up to an additional $3 billion of our common stock.
Tables of Contents
Company Stock Price Performance
The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on Intuit common stock for the last five full fiscal years with the cumulative total returns on the S&P 500 Index and the Morgan Stanley Technology Index for the same period. The graph assumes that $100 was invested in Intuit common stock and in each of the other indices on July 31, 2019, and that all dividends were reinvested. The comparisons in the graph below are based on historical data – with Intuit common stock prices based on the closing price on the dates indicated – and are not intended to forecast the possible future performance of Intuit’s common stock.
COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN
Among Intuit Inc., the S&P 500 Index,
and Morgan Stanley Technology Index
Copyright© 2024 Standard and Poor’s, a division of S&P Global. All rights reserved.
Tables of Contents
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) is intended to provide readers of our consolidated financial statements with the perspectives of management. This should allow the readers of this report to obtain a comprehensive understanding of our businesses, strategies, current trends, and future prospects. Our MD&A includes the following sections:
You should note that this MD&A contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Please see the section entitled
“Forward-Looking Statements”
immediately preceding Part I of this Annual Report for important information to consider when evaluating such statements.
You should read this MD&A in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8 of this Annual Report.
In the Results of Operations sections of this MD&A, where we describe two or more factors that contributed to changes in revenue and