equivalents, and investments totaled $4.1 billion at July 31, 2024. Approximately 8% of those funds were held by our foreign subsidiaries and subject to repatriation tax considerations. These foreign funds were located primarily in Canada, the United Kingdom, and India. We do not expect to pay incremental U.S. taxes on repatriation. We have recorded income tax expense for Canada, India, and Israel withholding taxes on earnings that are not permanently reinvested. In the event that funds from foreign operations are repatriated to the United States, we would pay withholding taxes at that time.
Tables of Contents
The following table summarizes our known contractual obligations to make future payments at July 31, 2024. We generally expect to fund these short and long-term obligations with cash from operations, the issuance of senior unsecured notes, and borrowings under our credit facilities.
(1)
Includes operating leases for facilities and equipment. Amounts do not include $14 million of future sublease income. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.
(2)
Represents agreements to purchase products and services that are enforceable, legally binding, and specify terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the payments.
(3)
Other long-term obligations on our consolidated balance sheet at July 31, 2024, included long-term income tax liabilities of $157 million, which related primarily to unrecognized tax benefits. We have not included this amount in the table above because we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate regarding the timing of settlements with taxing authorities, if any.
For a description of recent accounting pronouncements, if any, and the potential impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, see Note 1 to the financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report.
Tables of Contents
Investment Portfolio and Interest Rate Risk
We actively monitor market conditions and developments specific to the securities in which we invest. We believe that we take a conservative approach to investing our funds in that we invest only in highly-rated securities and diversify our portfolio of investments. While we believe we take prudent measures to mitigate investment-related risks, such risks cannot be fully eliminated because of market circumstances that are outside our control.
Our investments consist of instruments that meet quality standards that are consistent with our investment policy. This policy specifies that, except for direct obligations of the United States government, securities issued by agencies of the United States government, and money market funds, we diversify our investments by limiting our holdings with any individual issuer. We do not hold derivative financial instruments or European sovereign debt in our portfolio of investments. See Note 2 and