inquiries, investigations and claims, and negatively impact our business and reputation.
A cybersecurity incident affecting the third parties we rely on could expose us or our customers to a risk of loss or misuse of confidential information and significantly damage our reputation.
We depend on a number of third parties, including vendors, developers and partners who are critical to our business. We or our customers may grant access to customer data to these third parties to help deliver customer benefits, or to host certain of our and our customers' sensitive and personal data. In addition, we share sensitive, nonpublic business information (including, for example, materials relating to financial, business and legal strategies) with other vendors in the ordinary course of business.
While we conduct background checks of our workforce, conduct reviews of partners, developers and vendors and use commercially available technologies to limit access to systems and data, it is possible that malicious third parties may misrepresent their intended use of data or may circumvent our controls, resulting in accidental or intentional disclosure or misuse of our customer or workforce data. Further, while we conduct due diligence on the security and business controls of our third-party partners, we may not have the ability to effectively monitor or oversee the implementation of these control measures. Malicious third parties may be able to circumvent these security and business controls or exploit vulnerabilities that may exist in these controls, resulting in the disclosure or misuse of sensitive business and personal customer or workforce information and data. In addition, malicious actors may attempt to use the information technology supply chain to compromise our systems by, for example, introducing malware through software updates. This risk is exacerbated with the advancement of technologies like AI, which malicious third parties are using to create new, sophisticated and more frequent attacks on our third-party partners.
A security incident involving third parties we rely on may have serious negative consequences for our businesses, including disclosure of sensitive customer or workforce data, or confidential or competitively sensitive information regarding our business, including intellectual property and other proprietary data; make our products more vulnerable to fraudulent activity; cause temporary or sustained unavailability of our software and systems; result in possible litigation, fines, penalties and damages; result in loss of customer confidence; cause material harm to our reputation and brands; lead to further regulation and oversight by federal or state agencies; cause adverse financial condition; and result in a reduced stock price.
Concerns about the current cybersecurity environment, generally, could deter current and potential customers from adopting our products and services and damage our reputation.
The continued occurrence of