telephone, email, online and video chat, text messaging, our customer support websites, self-help assets embedded in our products, and online communities where consumers can share knowledge and product advice with each other.
We also provide access to experts, through our TurboTax and QuickBooks Live offerings, who provide tax advice, tax preparation, and bookkeeping services.
Our customer success staff predominantly consists of Intuit-employed and outsourced experts. We supplement with seasonal employees and additional outsourcing during periods of peak call volumes, such as during the tax return filing season or following a major product launch. We augment the services we provide with outsourced partnerships domestically and internationally. Most of our internationally outsourced small business customer success personnel are currently located in the Philippines and Portugal.
We also source staff through our Prosperity Hub program, which is designed to spark economic prosperity in underserved communities. One part of this program is our socially responsible sourcing model, where we both directly and through customer success partner-employers, hire, train, and retain workers who deliver support and services for our customers.
Self-help information is offered for free in-product and on our support websites for many of our offerings. Support alternatives and fees vary by product. For example, some product subscriptions receive 24x7 support and additional contact channel options.
Online Products and Services
Our online offerings include QuickBooks Online, online payroll services, merchant payment processing and bill pay services, Mailchimp’s marketing automation and customer relationship management offerings, TurboTax Online, ProConnect Tax Online, consumer and professional electronic tax filing services, and Credit Karma offerings. We use public cloud providers, such as Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform for most of our systems, networks, and databases used to operate these online offerings.
Desktop Software and Supplies
An increasing proportion of our desktop software customers choose to electronically download software, however, a portion of our customers continue to choose to purchase these products in the form of physical media. The key processes in manufacturing desktop software are manufacturing compact discs (CDs), printing boxes and related materials, and assembling and shipping the final products. When physical product is ordered, we typically ship the physical product within a few days of receiving an order, and backlog is minimal.
Tables of Contents
We are stewards of our customers’ data and have designed data stewardship principles to align our organization in collecting, using, and protecting such information. As we believe strongly in being good stewards of our customers’ data, we operate our program to comply with laws and regulations that govern our use, sharing, and protection of customers’ personal information,