state governments. New legislation, regulation, public policy considerations, changes in the cybersecurity environment, litigation by the government or private entities, changes to or new interpretations of existing laws may result in greater oversight of the tax preparation industry, restrict the types of products and services that we can offer or the prices we can charge, or otherwise cause us to change the way we operate our tax businesses or offer our tax products and services. We may not be able to respond quickly to such regulatory, legislative and other developments, and these changes may in turn increase our cost of doing business and limit our revenue opportunities. In addition, if our practices are not consistent with new interpretations of existing laws, we may become subject to lawsuits, penalties, and other liabilities that did not previously apply. We are also required to comply with a variety of state revenue agency standards in order to successfully operate our tax preparation and electronic filing services. Changes in state-imposed requirements by one or more of the states, including the required use of specific technologies or technology standards, may significantly increase the costs of providing those services to our customers and may prevent us from delivering a quality product to our customers in a timely manner.
Any perceived or actual failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and rules could negatively impact our reputation and expose us to legal liability, fines, penalties, or require us to change our products or business operations. In addition, evolving laws and regulations may require us to change our business practices or modify our compliance programs in order to continue operating our businesses. Any of the foregoing may adversely affect our ability to operate and may harm our results of operations.
Complex and evolving privacy and data protection regulations or changing customer expectations could result in claims, changes to our business practices, penalties or increased cost of operations or otherwise harm our business.
Regulations related data privacy, cybersecurity, the collection, processing, storage, transfer and use of data, and the use of AI are evolving. Many jurisdictions in which we operate globally have enacted, or are in the process of enacting, data privacy legislation or regulations aimed at creating and enhancing individual privacy rights. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) regulates the collection, use, and retention of personal information by our offerings in the EU. In addition, in the absence of a unified federal privacy standard, a growing number of U.S. states have enacted or introduced data privacy laws and regulations. Several countries have established specific legal requirements for cross-border data transfers and governmental authorities and privacy advocates around the world continue to propose new regulatory actions concerning data protection.