employee training and resources on topics such as unconscious bias, racial equity, and leading inclusively and a guide for managers on encouraging inclusive conversations.
•
Equitable talent practices
: We are committed to equitable talent practices that include those designed to ensure equitable pay. We continuously examine our performance evaluation practices, including promoting awareness of bias by managers and improving practices to ensure equal opportunity for high-performing employees to be promoted.
•
Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)
: Intuit has established employee resource groups (ERGs) that provide a foundation for a workplace culture that is supportive, educational, and collaborative. Intuit ERGs offer a sense of community and give employees the chance to learn from role models, peers, and experts, all while aligning with our organization’s overall vision. They also actively volunteer in their communities, which is an important part of their charters.
Developing Talent and Training
We are committed to creating a high-performance culture that consistently delivers for our customers, shareholders, and communities while providing an experience for our workforce that values leadership, innovation, and collaboration. We promote the development of all of our employees and provide employees with access to learning plans based on their needs and interests and the resources they need to grow, thrive, and reinvent themselves over time. We offer learning programs throughout the employee lifecycle, beginning with onboarding and the first year at Intuit, and continuing with ongoing career growth programs.
Tables of Contents
We are also invested in growing the capabilities of our managers and developing the leadership skills of our executives. Our teams design programs and resources, such as the Intuit Leadership Playbook, focused on leading with a clear vision, building a high-performance culture, and driving winning results for all of our stakeholders.
All full-time employees have access to opportunities to develop and learn through company-sponsored learning paths and online courses on topics ranging from artificial intelligence to accelerating velocity in support of an employee’s ability to adapt to any work environment. We also offer multiple mentorship programs that match employees with a mentor who can support their career development.
Employees set goals and measure progress through our goal setting tool and have opportunities to focus on growth both during performance assessment conversations and ongoing regular check-ins.
Employee Listening and Engagement
Listening and responding to our employees is at the core of our work. We value employee feedback and we leverage it to continuously improve the employee experience. We regularly collect, analyze, measure, and share insights about the sentiment of our workforce through multiple channels, including surveys, town halls with senior leadership, and other touchpoints, which helps to guide the