customers manage their financial lives, we face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future.
We operate in industries that are experiencing an increasing amount of fraudulent activities by malicious third parties. We implement additional security measures, and we continue to work with state and federal governments to implement industry-
Table of Contents
wide security and anti-fraud measures, including sharing information regarding suspicious activity. We continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud.
Our operations are impacted by a rapidly-evolving regulatory environment and face increasingly heightened scrutiny. We are subject to numerous federal, state, and local, as well as foreign laws and regulations covering a broad and increasing range of subjects, both in the U.S. and internationally.
For a complete discussion of the most significant risks and uncertainties affecting our business, please see
“Forward-Looking Statements”
immediately preceding Part I and
“Risk Factors”
in Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report.
The most important financial indicators that we use to assess our business are revenue growth for the company as a whole and for each reportable segment; operating income growth for the company as a whole; earnings per share; and cash flow from operations. We also track certain non-financial drivers of revenue growth and, when material, identify them in the applicable discussions of segment results below. Service offerings are a significant part of our business. Our total service revenue was $13.9 billion, or 85% of our total revenue, in fiscal 2024, and we expect our total service revenue as a percentage of our total revenue to grow over the long term.
Key highlights for the first six months of fiscal 2025 include the following:
In preparing our condensed consolidated financial statements, we make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that can have a significant impact on our net revenue, operating income or loss, and net income or loss, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. We believe that the estimates, assumptions, and judgments involved in the accounting policies described in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 have the greatest potential impact on our financial statements, so we consider them to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. There were no significant changes in those critical accounting policies and estimates during the first six