countries provide very little protection. We frequently encounter unauthorized copies of our software being sold through online marketplaces. Although we continue to evaluate and put in place technology solutions to attempt to lessen the impact of piracy and engage in efforts to educate consumers and public policy leaders on these issues and cooperate with industry groups in their efforts to combat piracy, we expect piracy to be a persistent problem that results in lost revenues and increased expenses.
Our business depends on our strong reputation and the value of our brands.
Developing and maintaining awareness of our brands and platform strategy is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our existing and future products and services and is an important element in attracting new customers and expanding our business with existing customers. Adverse publicity (whether or not justified) relating to events or activities attributed to us, members of our workforce, agents, third parties we rely on, or our users, may tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brands. Perceived social harm or unfairness of outcomes relating to the use of new and evolving technologies such as AI in our offerings, may result in reputational harm and liability, and may cause us to incur additional research and development costs to resolve such issues. Our brand value also depends on our ability to provide secure and trustworthy products and services, as well as our ability to protect and use our customers’ data in a manner that meets their expectations. In addition, a security incident that results in unauthorized disclosure of our customers’ sensitive data could cause material reputational harm. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity may reduce demand for our products or services and thus have an
Tables of Contents
adverse effect on our future financial results, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of the brands and could also reduce our stock price.
Our aspirations and disclosures related to environment, social, and governance (ESG) matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance.
We have public ESG commitments, including our goals to increase the diversity of our workforce, create and prepare individuals for jobs and have a positive impact on the climate. Our ability to achieve these goals is subject to numerous risks that may be outside of our control, including our ability to recruit, develop and retain talent, the evolving ESG regulatory requirements, and the ability of our suppliers to meet our sustainability, diversity and other standards. In addition, standards for tracking and reporting ESG matters continue to evolve and we may not be able to implement new and changing standards in ways that meet the expectations of all of our stakeholders. Our failure or perceived failure to achieve our ESG goals or maintain ESG practices that meet evolving