end-to-end platform that customers use to grow and run their business.
On August 1, 2024, we reorganized certain technology and customer success functions in our Global Business Solutions, Consumer, and ProTax segments that support and benefit our overall platform and are managed at that level rather than at the segment level. As a result of these reorganizations, costs associated with these functions are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. For the
three and six
months ended January 31, 2024, we reclassified expenses totaling
$
350
million and $
682
million
from Global Business Solutions
, $
129
million and $
194
million from Consumer, and $
8
million and $
16
million from ProTax to other corporate expenses, respectively, to conform to the current presentation.
All of our segments operate primarily in the U.S. and sell primarily to customers in the U.S. Total international net revenue was approximately
9
% of consolidated net revenue for each of the three and six months ended January 31, 2025, respectively. Total international net revenue was approximately
9
% and
10
% for the three and six months ended January 31, 2024, respectively.
We include expenses such as corporate selling and marketing, general and administrative, and non-employment related legal and litigation settlement costs, which are not allocated to specific segments, in unallocated corporate items as part of other corporate expenses. As part of our platform strategy, we also include customer success and product development for our Global Business Solutions, Consumer, and ProTax segments in unallocated corporate items as we do not allocate these expenses to the segments because they are managed at the platform level. Customer success includes the costs of tax and bookkeeping experts that support our TurboTax Live and QuickBooks Live offerings. For our Credit Karma reportable segment, segment expenses include certain direct expenses related to selling and marketing, product development, and general and administrative. Unallocated corporate items for all segments include share-based compensation, amortization of acquired technology, amortization of other acquired intangible assets, goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges, professional fees and transaction charges related to business combinations, and restructuring charges.
The accounting policies of our reportable segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in Note 1 to the financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 and in Note 1,
"Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Significant Accounting Policies"
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except for goodwill and acquired intangible assets, we do not generally track assets by reportable segment and, consequently, we do not disclose total assets by reportable