material harm to our reputation and operating results.
Our tax businesses must effectively handle extremely heavy customer demand during critical peak periods. We face significant risks in maintaining adequate service levels during these peak periods when we have historically derived a substantial portion of our overall revenue from the tax businesses. Any interruptions in our online tax preparation or electronic filing service at any time during the tax season, particularly during a peak period, could result in significantly decreased revenue, lost customers, unexpected refunds of customer charges, negative publicity and increased operating costs, any of which could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We rely on internal systems and external systems maintained by manufacturers, distributors and other service providers to take and fulfill customer orders, handle customer service requests and host certain online activities. Any interruption or failure of our internal or external systems may prevent us or our service providers from accepting and fulfilling customer orders or cause company and customer data to be unintentionally disclosed. Our continuing efforts to upgrade and expand our network security and other information systems as well as our high-availability capabilities are costly, and problems with the design or implementation of system enhancements may harm our business and our results of operations.
Our business operations, information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, effects of climate change, human error, malicious attacks, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses and malware, computer denial of service attacks, terrorist attacks, public health emergencies and other events beyond our control. For example, we operate under a hybrid workplace model where our workforce spends a portion of their time working in our offices and a portion of their time working remotely. This model has introduced risks of disruptions to our operations, which may impair our ability to perform critical functions or could make it considerably more difficult to develop, enhance and support our products and services.
In addition, since our corporate headquarters and other critical business operations are located near major seismic faults, our recovery in the event of a major earthquake or other catastrophic event may require us to expend significant time and resources and may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. Further, the adverse effects of any such adverse event would be exacerbated if experienced at the same time as another unexpected and adverse event. In the event of a major natural or man-made disaster, our insurance coverage may not completely compensate us for our losses and our future financial results may be materially harmed.
Tables of Contents
We regularly invest resources to update and