operating income, we have, where possible, quantified the impact of those factors. Where a change is the result of multiple factors that are interrelated and cannot be separately quantified, we have identified the interrelated factors without quantifying them.
On November 1, 2021, we acquired all of the outstanding equity of The Rocket Science Group LLC (Mailchimp). Our Mailchimp offerings are part of our Small Business & Self-Employed segment. We have included the results of operations of Mailchimp in our consolidated statements of operations from the date of acquisition. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.
In the first quarter of fiscal 2024, to align our presentation of revenue and cost of revenue with our current revenue mix, we began to aggregate other revenue with product revenue, rather than service revenue, and cost of other revenue with cost of product revenue, rather than cost of service revenue. We reclassified the previously reported balances to conform to the current presentation. The reclassification was not material and had no impact on previously reported total net revenue or cost of revenue.
On August 1, 2023, we reorganized certain technology functions in our Consumer and ProTax segments that support and benefit our overall platform. Additionally, certain workplace and real estate functions in our Small Business & Self-Employed segment are now managed at the corporate level. As a result of these reorganizations, costs associated with these functions are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. For the twelve months ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, we reclassified $49 million and $21 million from Small Business & Self-Employed, $168 million and $150 million from Consumer, and $60 million and $64 million from ProTax to other corporate expenses, respectively. See Note 15, “
Segment Information,
” for more information.
In July 2024, our management approved, committed to, and initiated a plan of reorganization (the Plan) focused on reallocating resources to our key growth areas. The Plan includes the exit of employees and the closing of real estate sites in certain markets in service to growing technology teams and capabilities in strategic locations. We expect the actions associated with the Plan to be substantially complete by the first quarter of fiscal 2025. Restructuring costs associated with the Plan are estimated to be approximately $247 million. During the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, we recorded a $223 million charge in connection with the Plan. This charge is primarily related to severance and employee benefits and is recorded to restructuring in our consolidated statements of operations. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.
On August 1, 2024, we renamed our Small Business & Self-Employed segment as the Global Business Solutions