revenue is derived primarily from TurboTax Online and TurboTax Live offerings, electronic tax filing services, and connected services.
Consumer segment product and other revenue is derived primarily from TurboTax desktop tax return preparation software and related form updates.
Revenue for our Consumer segment increased $310 million, or 7%, in fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023, due to the interrelated factors of a shift in mix to our higher-priced service offerings, such as TurboTax Live, and higher effective prices.
Consumer segment operating income increased $45 million, or 2%, in fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023, due to the increase in revenue described above, partially offset by increases in marketing expenses of $116 million, staffing expenses of $70 million associated with both our shift in mix to our higher-priced service offerings and increasing service availability, and outside services expenses of $24 million.
In August 2023, we reorganized certain technology functions that support and benefit our overall platform. As a result, these costs are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. For the twelve months ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, we reclassified $168 million and $150 million, respectively, from Consumer to other corporate expenses.
Tables of Contents
Credit Karma segment revenue is primarily derived from cost-per-action transactions, which include the delivery of qualified links that result in completed actions such as credit card issuances and personal loan funding; cost-per-click and cost-per-lead transactions, which include user clicks on advertisements or advertisements that allow for the generation of leads, and primarily relate to mortgage and insurance businesses; and Credit Karma Money.
Revenue for our Credit Karma segment increased $74 million, or 5%, in fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023, due to increases in revenue from our credit card vertical of $32 million, auto insurance vertical of $25 million, and Credit Karma Money of $20 million, partially offset by a decrease in revenue from our home loan vertical of $6 million.
Credit Karma segment operating income decreased $14 million, or 3%, in fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023, due to increases in marketing expenses of $68 million and outside services expenses of $28 million, partially offset by the increase in revenue described above.
Tables of Contents
ProTax segment service revenue is derived primarily from ProConnect Tax Online tax products, electronic tax filing services, connected services, and bank products.
ProTax segment product and other revenue is derived primarily from Lacerte, ProSeries, and ProFile desktop tax preparation software products, and related form updates.
Revenue for our ProTax segment increased $38 million, or 7%, in fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023, due to higher average revenue per customer.
ProTax segment operating income increased $32 million, or 7%, in fiscal 2024