maintain compliance with current payroll tax laws is considered one performance obligation. Each of the performance obligations is considered distinct, and control is transferred to the customer over the subscription term. As a result, revenue is recognized ratably over the subscription term as services are provided.
We offer merchant payment processing services as a separately paid connected service for our QuickBooks Desktop software products and software subscriptions, and revenue is recognized as the services are provided to the customers.
Tables of Contents
Other Solutions
Revenue from our Credit Karma segment is primarily comprised of revenue from the delivery of qualified links that result in completed actions, or cost-per-action transactions. Credit Karma also generates revenue from cost-per-click and cost-per-lead transactions. All revenue from our Credit Karma segment is included in service revenue in our consolidated statements of operations.
Cost-per-action revenue is earned based on a pre-determined fee for approved actions, such as when credit cards are issued or when personal loans and other loans to businesses are funded. Revenue is recognized when a lead is generated that results in one of these approved actions.
Cost-per-click and cost-per-lead revenue is primarily related to mortgage and insurance businesses. Cost-per-click revenue is earned as users click on our customers' advertisements and is recognized based on the number of clicks recorded each month. Cost-per-lead revenue is earned via customer advertisements that allow the generation of leads from consumers interested in the advertised products and is recognized at the time a consumer request or lead is delivered to the customer.
Revenue from the sale of our financial supplies, such as printed check stock and hardware, including credit card readers for mobile phones, is recognized when control is transferred to the customer, which is generally when the products are shipped.
We also have revenue-sharing and royalty arrangements with third-party partners and recognize this revenue as earned based upon reporting provided to us by our partners. In instances where we do not have reporting from our partners, we estimate revenue based on information available to us at the time.
Types of Revenue
Service revenue includes revenue from: our online offerings discussed above; our Credit Karma offerings; support, electronic filing services, and connected services included with our desktop offerings; merchant payment processing services; certain revenue-sharing and royalty arrangements; and interest on loans.
Product and other revenue includes revenue from: QuickBooks Desktop software licenses and version protection; consumer and professional tax desktop licenses and the related form updates; desktop payroll licenses and related updates; financial supplies; certain revenue-sharing and royalty arrangements; and interest on amounts held for customers.
We record revenue net of sales tax