before recovery of the amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity.
The following table summarizes our available-for-sale debt securities, included in investments and relevant portion of funds receivable and amounts held for customers, classified by the stated maturity date of the security at the dates indicated.
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes our funds receivable and amounts held for customers by asset category at the dates indicated.
As of January 31, 2025, our notes receivable portfolio consisted of notes receivable held for investment, including term loans to small businesses and refund advance loans to consumers, and notes receivable held for sale, including term loans to small businesses. We classify loans as notes receivable held for investment when we have both the intent and ability to hold until maturity or payoff. We classify loans as notes receivable held for sale when we have the intent and ability to sell substantially all of our rights, title, and interests in these qualified loans to a third-party investor. A loan that is initially designated as held for sale or held for investment may be reclassified when our intent for that loan changes. When a loan held for investment is reclassified to held for sale and recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value, the related allowance for credit loss for that loan is released, and any adjustment to record the loan at the lower of amortized cost or fair value is recorded.
Term loans to small businesses.
We provide financing to small businesses via term loans that we originate directly or through an originating bank partner. During the six months ended January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, we purchased term loans from our originating bank partner with principal balances in the amount of $
1.5
billion and $
748
million, respectively. As of January 31, 2025, we had commitments to purchase $
25
million in term loans that were originated on or prior to January 31, 2025.
The term loans are not secured and are recorded at amortized cost, which includes unpaid principal balances, deferred origination costs, and any related discount or premium, net of allowances for credit losses. As of January 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024, the net notes receivable held for investment balance for term loans to small businesses was $
1.2
billion and $
912
million, respectively. The current portion is included in notes receivable held for investment and the long-term portion is included in other assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets.
We maintain an allowance for credit losses on loans held for investment to reserve for lifetime expected credit losses in the loan portfolio. The allowance for credit losses is determined based on our current estimate of lifetime expected credit losses, historical credit losses, estimates of recoveries, and future expectations as of each balance sheet date. We evaluate the creditworthiness of our term loan portfolio on a pooled basis due to its