million, $
6
million, and $
22
million for the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
In the current global tax policy environment, the U.S. and other domestic and foreign governments continue to consider, and in some cases enact, changes in corporate tax laws. As changes occur, we account for finalized legislation in the period of enactment.
Material deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows at the dates indicated:
The components of total net deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances, as shown on our consolidated balance sheets were as follows at the dates indicated:
Tables of Contents
We have provided a valuation allowance related to California net deferred tax assets primarily related to state research and experimentation tax credit carryforwards, foreign loss carryforwards, and state operating loss carryforwards that we believe are unlikely to be realized. We have a valuation allowance of $
227
million and $
235
million for the twelve months ended July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023. The valuation allowance on our net deferred taxes decreased by $
8
million for the twelve months ended July 31, 2024. The change in the valuation allowance was primarily related to a decrease in the allowance for foreign net operating loss carryforwards and state research and experimentation tax credit carryforwards, net of an increase in the allowance for California net deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance on our net deferred taxes decreased by $
9
million for the twelve months ended July 31, 2023. The change in the valuation allowance was primarily related to a decrease in the allowance for foreign intangible deferred tax assets and foreign net operating loss carryforwards, net of an increase in the allowance for state research and experimentation tax credit carryforwards.
At July 31, 2024, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $
37
million that will start to expire in fiscal 2032. Utilization of the net operating losses is subject to annual limitation. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses before utilization.
At July 31, 2024, we had state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $
150
million for which we have recorded a deferred tax asset of $
11
million and a valuation allowance of $
6
million. The state net operating loss carryforwards will start to expire in fiscal 2028. Utilization of the net operating losses is subject to annual limitation. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses before utilization.
At July 31, 2024, we had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $
19
million which carry forward indefinitely. We maintain a full valuation allowance with respect to the foreign net operating losses as there is not sufficient evidence of future sources of taxable income required to utilize such carryforwards.
At July 31, 2024, we had California research and experimentation credit