composition of loans with similar general credit risk and characteristics. The allowance is subjective and requires management estimates, including such factors as known and inherent risks in the loan portfolio, historical losses, adverse situations that may affect borrowers' ability to repay, and current and forecasted economic conditions. Expected credit losses are measured based on a loss forecasting model and calculated by applying loss curves derived from loan level risk segment and term mixes, aggregated at monthly loan vintages. Loss curves are estimated based on a combination of empirical loss curve data and management judgment. The methodologies are updated periodically to reflect factors such as actual loan performance and changes in assumptions based on loan risk characteristics. We use empirical data and management judgment to estimate losses for new credit tests or products for which we do not have enough history. When available information confirms that the specific loans or portions thereof are uncollectible, identified amounts are charged off against the allowance for credit losses. Loans are charged off in accordance with our charge-off policy, as the contractual principal becomes
120
days past due or meets other charge-off policy requirements. Subsequent recoveries of the unpaid principal balance, if any, are credited to the allowance for credit losses. As of January 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024, the allowances for credit losses were not material. During the six months ended January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, the amount of charge-offs recorded and the amount of recoveries on term loans to small businesses were not material.
We consider a loan to be delinquent when the payments are
one day
past due. We place delinquent term loans on nonaccrual status and stop accruing interest revenue. Term loans are returned to accrual status if they are brought current or have performed in accordance with the contractual terms for a reasonable period of time and, in our judgment, will continue to make periodic principal and interest payments as per contractual terms. Past due amounts were not material for all periods presented.
Table of Contents
Interest revenue is earned on term loans originated and purchased and held for investment in accordance with the specified period of time and defined interest rate noted in the loan contract. Interest revenue is recorded net of amortized deferred origination fees and costs, and loan discounts, and is included in service revenue in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Interest revenue was not material for all periods presented.
Refund Advance Loans.
Refund advance loans are loans available to eligible TurboTax customers based on a customer's anticipated income tax refund, at no cost to the customer. The loans are repaid from the customer's income tax refund, which is generally received within three to four weeks after acceptance of the customer's income tax return by the Internal