an investment in our securities risky, categorized solely for ease of reference as strategic, operational, legal and compliance, and financial risks. The following events and consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, reputation and credit rating, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. We could also be affected by other events, factors or uncertainties that are presently unknown to us or that we do not currently consider to present significant risks to our business. These risks may be amplified by the effects of global developments and conditions or events, including macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, which have caused significant global economic instability and uncertainty.
STRATEGIC RISKS
We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results.
We face intense competition in all of our businesses, and we expect competition to continue to intensify in the future. Our competitors and potential competitors range from large and established entities to emerging start-ups. Our competitors may introduce superior products and services, successfully use and deploy new technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI) that may reduce customer demand for our products or services, reduce prices, have greater technical, marketing and other resources, have greater name recognition, have larger installed bases of customers, have well-established relationships with our current and potential customers, advertise aggressively or beat us to market with new products and services. In addition, we face competition from existing companies with large established consumer user bases and broad-based platforms, who may change or expand the focus of their business strategies and marketing to target our customers, including small businesses, tax and personal financial management customers.
We also face competition from companies with a variety of business models and monetization strategies, including increased competition from providers of free and low cost offerings, particularly in our tax, accounting, payments and consumer finance platform businesses. We have also introduced free offerings in several categories, but we may not be able to attract and retain customers as effectively as our competitors with different business models. In addition, other providers of free offerings may provide features that we do not offer and customers who have formerly paid for our products and services may elect to use our competitors’ free offerings instead. These competitive factors may diminish our revenue and profitability, and harm our ability to acquire and retain customers.
Our consumer tax business also faces significant, increasing competition from the public sector, where we face the risk of federal and state taxing authorities implementing revenue-raising strategies that involve developing and providing government tax software