with the related liabilities in operating expenses. The total amounts recorded in operating expenses for each period are approximately equal to the total amounts recorded in interest and other income in those periods.
Income Taxes
Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 was approximately 17%. Excluding certain tax benefits primarily related to share-based compensation, our effective tax rate was approximately 24%. This rate differed from the federal statutory rate of 21% primarily due to state income taxes and non-deductible share-based compensation, which were partially offset by the benefit we received from the federal research and experimentation credit.
Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 was approximately 20%. Excluding the tax benefits related to share-based compensation and a transfer of certain intangible assets from our United Kingdom subsidiary to the United States, our effective tax rate was approximately 24%. This rate differed from the federal statutory rate of 21% primarily due to state income taxes and non-deductible share-based compensation, which were partially offset by the benefit we received from the federal research and experimentation credit. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information about our effective tax rates.
At July 31, 2024, we had net deferred tax assets of $695 million, which included a valuation allowance for California net deferred tax assets primarily related to state research and experimentation tax credit carryforwards, foreign loss carryforwards, and state operating loss carryforwards. See “
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
” earlier in this Item 7 and Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.
Under the 2017 Tax Cuts & Jobs Act, research and development costs incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2021 are no longer fully deductible and are required to be capitalized and amortized for U.S. tax purposes. The mandatory capitalization requirement, effective for us beginning August 1, 2022, significantly increased our deferred tax assets and income taxes payable for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024, and we expect it to continue to cause an increase in our deferred tax assets and income taxes payable in the near term.
The Inflation Reduction Act was enacted on August 16, 2022. This law, among other provisions, provides a corporate alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income, which was effective for us beginning in fiscal 2024. There was no impact from the corporate alternative minimum tax in fiscal 2024. The corporate alternative minimum tax is not expected to have a significant impact to our provision for income taxes. We continue to monitor developments and evaluate impacts, if any, of these provisions on our results of operations and cash flows for future years.
In 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) announced