Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Audit and Risk Committee of our Board of Directors.
Tables of Contents
Revenue Recognition
We derive our revenue primarily from the sale of online services such as tax, accounting, payroll, merchant payment processing services, delivery of qualified links, marketing automation, customer relationship management, and desktop software products and desktop software subscriptions. Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services, which are primarily recognized ratably over the relevant period. In determining how revenue should be recognized, a five-step process is used, which requires judgment and estimates within the revenue recognition process. The primary judgments include identifying the performance obligations in the contract and determining whether the performance obligations are distinct. If any of these judgments were to change, it could cause a material increase or decrease in the amount of revenue we report in a particular period. For additional information, see
“Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Revenue Recognition”
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report.
Business Combinations
As described in
“Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Business Combinations,”
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report, under the acquisition method of accounting, we generally recognize the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interests in an acquiree at their fair values as of the date of acquisition. We measure goodwill as the excess of consideration transferred, which we also measure at fair value, over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The acquisition method of accounting requires us to exercise judgment and make significant estimates and assumptions regarding the fair values of the elements of a business combination as of the date of acquisition, including the fair values of identifiable intangible assets, deferred tax asset valuation allowances, liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, and contingencies. This method allows us to refine these estimates over a one-year measurement period to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. If we are required to retroactively adjust provisional amounts that we have recorded for the fair values of assets and liabilities in connection with acquisitions, these adjustments could materially decrease our operating income and net income and result in lower asset values on our consolidated balance sheets.
Significant estimates and assumptions that we must make in estimating the fair value of acquired technology, customer