acquire to achieve shared growth opportunities or combine reporting or other processes within the expected time frame or at all, there may be a material and adverse effect on the benefits that we expect to achieve as a result of the acquisition, and we could experience additional costs or loss of revenue. Moreover, adverse changes in market conditions and other factors, including those listed above, may cause an acquisition to be dilutive to Intuit’s operating earnings per share for a period of time. Any dilution of our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share could cause the price of shares of Intuit Common Stock to decline or grow at a reduced rate.
OPERATIONAL RISKS
Security incidents, improper access to or disclosure of our data or customers’ data, or other cyberattacks on our systems could harm our reputation, business, and financial condition.
We host, collect, use and retain large amounts of sensitive and personal customer and workforce data, including credit card information, tax return information, bank account numbers, credit report information, login credentials and passwords, personal and business financial data and transactions data, social security numbers and payroll information, as well as our confidential, nonpublic business information. Although we expend significant resources to implement security protections designed to shield this data against potential theft and security incidents, such measures cannot provide absolute security.
Our technologies, systems, and networks have been subject to, and are increasingly likely to continue to be the target of, cyberattacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other malware, worms, social engineering, malicious software programs, insider threats, denial-of-service attacks and other cybersecurity threats that have in the past, and could in the future, result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, use, loss or destruction of sensitive and personal data of our customers and our workforce, or Intuit's sensitive business data or cause temporary or sustained unavailability of our data, software, and systems. Cybersecurity incidents can be caused by malicious third parties, acting alone or in groups, or more sophisticated organizations, including nation-states or state-sponsored organizations, and the risks could be elevated in connection with significant armed conflicts, acts of war or terrorism. Customers who fail to update their systems, continue to run software that we no longer support, fail to install security patches on a timely basis or inadequately use security controls create vulnerabilities and make it more difficult for us to detect and prevent these kinds of attacks. We are increasingly incorporating open source software into our products, and there may be vulnerabilities in open source software that make it susceptible to cyberattacks. In addition, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to sensitive information change frequently and, as technologies like AI develop