segment.
Table of Contents
The following table shows our financial results by reportable segment for the periods indicated.
Revenue classified by significant service and product offerings was as follows:
Table of Contents
In July 2024, our management approved, committed to, and initiated a plan of reorganization (the Plan) focused on reallocating resources to our key growth areas. The Plan includes the exit of employees and the closing of real estate sites in certain markets in service to growing technology teams and capabilities in strategic locations. The actions associated with the Plan were substantially complete in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. Total restructuring costs associated with the Plan are estimated to be approximately $
236
million. During the six months ended January 31, 2025, we recorded a $
13
million charge in connection with the Plan. This charge is primarily related to severance, employee benefits, and site closure costs and is recorded to restructuring in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Any changes to the estimates of executing the Plan will be reflected in future results of operations.
The following table summarizes the activity for the Plan.
(1)
Restructuring costs within corporate relate to platform expenses and other administrative functions that are not allocated to the segments.
The liability for restructuring charges is included in accrued compensation and related liabilities in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.
Table of Contents
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) is intended to provide readers of our condensed consolidated financial statements with the perspectives of management. This should allow the readers of this report to obtain a comprehensive understanding of our businesses, strategies, current trends, and future prospects. Our MD&A includes the following sections:
You should note that this MD&A contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Please see the section entitled
“Forward-Looking Statements”
immediately preceding Part I of this Quarterly Report for important information to consider when evaluating such statements.
You should read this MD&A in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024.
In the Results of Operations section of this MD&A, where we describe two or more factors that contributed to changes in revenue and operating income, we have, where possible, quantified the impact of those factors. Where a change is the result of multiple factors that are interrelated and cannot be separately quantified, we have identified the interrelated factors without quantifying them.
In July 2024, our management approved, committed to, and initiated a plan of reorganization (the Plan) focused on reallocating resources to our key growth areas. The Plan