including, for example, laws with respect to financial services and the handling of tax data. We have established guidelines and practices to help ensure that customers and members of our workforce are aware of, and can control, how we use information about them. We also use privacy statements to provide notice to customers of our privacy practices, as well as provide them with the opportunity to furnish instructions with respect to use of their personal information. We participate in industry groups whose purpose is to develop or shape industry best practices, and to inform public policy for privacy and security.
We use security safeguards to help protect the systems and the information that customers and members of our workforce give to us from loss, misuse, and unauthorized alteration. We use technical, logical, and procedural measures, which are designed to help detect and prevent fraud and misuse of customer information. Whenever customers transmit sensitive information to us, such as credit card information or tax return data through one of our websites or products, we follow current industry standards to encrypt the data as it is transmitted to us, and when we store it at rest. We routinely patch our systems with security updates and we work to protect our systems from unauthorized internal or external access using numerous commercially available computer security products, as well as internally developed security procedures and practices.
We are subject to federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations that affect how we operate. For example, our Consumer and ProTax segments are subject to federal, state, and international government requirements, including regulations related to the electronic filing of tax returns, the provision of tax preparer assistance, and the use and disclosure of customer information. Our Small Business & Self-Employed segment offers products and services to small and mid-market businesses and consumers, such as payroll, payments, and other financial service offerings, which are also subject to certain regulatory requirements. Our Credit Karma segment offers personal finance products and services to consumers, such as recommendations of credit card, loan, and insurance products and access to credit scores and reports, which are also subject to certain regulatory requirements. For additional information regarding the government regulations to which we are subject, see
“Risk Factors”
in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report, including without limitation the risks under “
Legal and Compliance Risks
.”
Our success depends on the proprietary technology embodied in our offerings. We protect this proprietary technology by relying on a variety of intellectual property mechanisms, including copyright, patent, trade secret, and trademark laws, restrictions on disclosure and other methods. For example, we regularly file applications for patents, copyrights, and trademarks and service marks in order to