cybersecurity incidents affecting governments, businesses and consumers in general indicates that we operate in an external environment where cybersecurity incidents are becoming increasingly common. If the global cybersecurity environment worsens, and there are increased instances of security breaches of third-party offerings where consumers’ data and sensitive information is compromised, consumers may be less willing to use online offerings, particularly offerings like ours in which customers often share sensitive financial data. Additionally, political uncertainty and military actions may subject us and our service providers to heightened risks of security incidents. In addition, the increased availability of data obtained as a result of cybersecurity incidents affecting third-party offerings could make our own products more vulnerable to fraudulent activity. Even if our products are not affected directly by such incidents, any such incident could damage our reputation and deter current and potential customers from adopting our products and services or lead customers to cease using online and connected software products to transact financial business altogether.
If we are unable to effectively combat the increasing amount and sophistication of fraudulent activities by malicious third parties, we may suffer losses, which may be substantial, and lose the confidence of our customers and government agencies and our revenues and earnings may be harmed.
Many of the industries in which we operate have been experiencing an increasing amount of fraudulent activities by malicious third parties, and those fraudulent activities are becoming increasingly sophisticated. We have been and may from time to time become targeted by such malicious third parties engaging in fraudulent activities. Any such fraudulent activities may adversely impact our tax, payroll, payments, lending, marketing automation and personal financial management businesses, and the risk is heightened when our workforce is working remotely under our hybrid work model. In addition to any losses that may result from such fraud, which may be substantial, a loss of confidence by our customers or by governmental agencies in our ability to prevent fraudulent activity may seriously harm our business and damage our brand. If we cannot adequately combat such fraudulent activity, governmental authorities may refuse to allow us to continue to offer the affected services, or these services
Tables of Contents
may otherwise be adversely impacted, which could include federal or state tax authorities refusing to allow us to process our customers’ tax returns electronically, resulting in a significant adverse impact on our business, earnings, and revenue. As fraudulent activities become more pervasive and increasingly sophisticated, our fraud detection and prevention measures must become correspondingly more complex to combat them across the various industries in which we operate. Accordingly, we have