purchased and held for investment in accordance with the specified period of time and defined interest rate noted in the loan contract. Interest revenue is recorded net of amortized direct origination costs and is included in service revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. Interest revenue was not material for all periods presented.
Refund Advance Loans
. Refund advance loans are loans available to eligible TurboTax customers based on a customer's anticipated income tax refund, at no cost to the customer. The loans are repaid from the customer's income tax refund, which is generally received within three to four weeks after acceptance of the customer's income tax return by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). We partner with a third-party issuing bank to originate the loans and subsequently purchase full participating interests in those loans. The refund advance loans are not secured and are recorded at amortized cost, net of an allowance for credit losses. As of July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023, the net notes receivable balance for refund advance loans were not material. We maintain an allowance for credit losses to reserve for potentially uncollectible loans. We estimate the allowance based on the expected funding of refunds by the IRS using historical trends. When we determine that any amounts are uncollectible, we write them off against the allowance. As of July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023, the allowance for credit losses on refund advance loans was not material.
Term loans to small businesses
. In August 2023, we entered into a forward flow arrangement with an institutional investor. Pursuant to this arrangement, we have a commitment to sell to the institutional investor a minimum of $
250
million in participation interests in unsecured term loans purchased or made to small businesses over
18
months, subject to certain eligibility criteria. As of July 31, 2024, we have met the minimum commitment of the forward flow arrangement.
Notes receivable held for sale are recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value determined on an individual loan basis. To determine fair value, we utilize a cash flow methodology, taking into account estimated timing and expected selling prices. As of July 31, 2024, the balance of loans held for sale was $
3
million and is included in notes receivable held for sale on our consolidated balance sheets. Total sales of term loans during the twelve months ended July 31, 2024 were $
323
million. For the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, gains on sales of loans and servicing income were not material.
Property and equipment consisted of the following at the dates indicated:
__________________________
NA = Not Applicable
Capital in progress at July 31, 2024 and 2023, consisted primarily of costs related to various buildings and site improvements that have not yet been placed into service.
As discussed in Note 1,
“Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Internal Use