step approach. The first step is to evaluate the tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon audit, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax positions that are more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. Significant judgment is required to evaluate uncertain tax positions. We evaluate our uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. Our evaluations are based upon a number of factors, including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of audits, and effective settlement of audit issues. Changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could result in material increases or decreases in our income tax expense in the period in which we make the change, which could have a material impact on our effective tax rate and operating results. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.
Tables of Contents
A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 is presented below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 can be found under Item 7 of Part II in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2023, which is available free of charge on the SEC’s website at
www.sec.gov
and on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website at
investors.intuit.com
.
Total net revenue increased $1.9 billion, or 13%, in fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023. Small Business & Self-Employed segment revenue increased 19% due to growth in our Online Ecosystem revenue. Consumer segment revenue increased 7% due to the interrelated factors of a shift in mix to our higher-priced services offerings, such as TurboTax Live, and higher effective prices. See
“Segment Results”
later in this Item 7 for more information.
Operating income increased $489 million, or 16%, in fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023. The increase in operating income was due to the increase in revenue described above and an increase in expenses. Expenses increased due to staffing, marketing, restructuring, share-based compensation, and outside services. See
“Operating Expenses”
later in this Item 7 for more information. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information on our restructuring charges.
Net income increased $579 million, or 24%, in fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023. The increase in net income was due to the increase in operating income described above, an increase in