of $710 million as a result of 2023 IRS disaster relief which allowed the deferral of certain fiscal 2023 tax payments to the first quarter of fiscal 2024.
On February 5, 2024, we terminated our amended and restated credit agreement dated November 1, 2021, and entered into an unsecured credit agreement with certain lenders providing for a $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that expires on February 5, 2029. Our unsecured revolving credit facility is available to us for general corporate purposes. At July 31, 2024, no amounts were outstanding under the unsecured revolving credit facility. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information.
In June 2024, we established a $1.5 billion commercial paper program under which we may issue and sell unsecured short-term promissory notes (commercial paper). As of July 31, 2024, no amounts were outstanding under this program.
Our secured revolving credit facilities are available to fund a portion of our loans to qualified small businesses. At July 31, 2024, $585 million was outstanding under both secured revolving credit facilities.
Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that our cash and cash equivalents, investments, cash generated from operations, borrowing capacity under our credit facilities and commercial paper program, and access to external financing will be sufficient to meet anticipated seasonal working capital needs, capital expenditure requirements, contractual obligations, commitments, debt service requirements, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations for at least the next 12 months.
We expect to return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through repurchases of our common stock and payment of cash dividends, after taking into account our operating and strategic cash needs.
We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to quickly respond to these types of opportunities.
Tables of Contents
The following table summarizes selected items from our consolidated statements of cash flows for fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022. See the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for complete consolidated statements of cash flows for those periods.
During fiscal 2024, we generated $4.9 billion in cash from operations. We also received $4.0 billion from the issuance of unsecured senior notes, $3.4 billion from the net increase in funds receivable and funds payable and amounts due to customers, $422 million from the net sales and maturities of investments, $282 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock plans, and $155 million from net borrowings under our secured credit facilities. During the same period, we used $4.2 billion for the repayment of debt, $2.0 billion for the