general of the 50 states and the District of Columbia, admitting no wrongdoing, that resolved the states’ inquiry, as well as actions brought by the Los Angeles City Attorney and the Santa Clara County (California) Counsel. As part of this agreement, we agreed to pay $
141
million and made certain commitments regarding our advertising and marketing practices. We recorded this as a one-time charge in the quarter ended April 30, 2022, and paid the full amount to the fund administrator in the quarter ended January 31, 2023.
In view of the complexity and ongoing and uncertain nature of the outstanding proceedings and inquiries, at this time, we are unable to estimate a reasonably possible financial loss or range of financial loss that we may incur to resolve or settle the remaining matters.
To date, the legal and other fees we have incurred related to these proceedings and inquiries have not been material. The ongoing defense and any resolution or settlement of these proceedings and inquiries could involve significant costs to us.
Intuit is subject to certain routine legal proceedings, including class action lawsuits, as well as demands, claims, government inquiries, and threatened litigation, that arise in the normal course of our business, including assertions that we may be infringing patents or other intellectual property rights of others. Our failure to obtain necessary licenses or other rights, or litigation arising out of intellectual property claims could adversely affect our business. We currently believe that, in addition to any amounts accrued, the amount of potential losses, if any, for any pending claims of any type (either alone or combined) will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. The ultimate outcome of any legal proceeding is uncertain and, regardless of outcome, legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on Intuit because of defense costs, negative publicity, diversion of management resources, and other factors.
We have defined our
four
reportable segments, described below, based on factors such as how we manage our operations and how our chief operating decision maker views results. We define the chief operating decision maker as our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer. Our chief operating decision maker organizes and manages our business primarily on the basis of service and product offerings.
On November 1, 2021, we acquired Mailchimp in a business combination. Our Mailchimp offerings are part of our Small Business & Self-Employed segment. The related revenue is primarily included within Online Services in the revenue disaggregation below. We have included the results of operations of Mailchimp in our consolidated statements of operations from the date of acquisition.
On August 1, 2023, we reorganized certain technology functions in our Consumer and ProTax segments that support and benefit our overall platform. Additionally, certain workplace and real estate functions in our