these reserves. However, if we experience actual customer refunds or an increase in risks of collecting customer payments that significantly exceed the amount we have reserved, it may result in lower net revenue.
Unanticipated changes in our income tax rates or other indirect tax may affect our future financial results.
Our future effective income tax rates may be favorably or unfavorably affected by unanticipated changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, by changes in our stock price, or by changes in tax laws or their interpretation. There are several proposed changes to U.S. and non-U.S. tax legislation and the ultimate enactment of any of them could have a negative impact on our effective tax rate. Foreign governments may enact tax laws, including in response to guidelines issued by international organizations such as the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, that could result in further changes to global taxation and materially affect our financial position and results of operations. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. These continuous examinations may result in unforeseen tax-related liabilities, which may harm our future financial results.
An increasing number of states and foreign jurisdictions have adopted laws or administrative practices that impose new taxes on all or a portion of gross revenue or other similar amounts or impose additional obligations to collect transaction taxes such as sales, consumption, value added, or similar taxes. We may not have sufficient lead time to build systems and processes to collect these taxes properly, or at all. Failure to comply with such laws or administrative practices, or a successful assertion by such states or foreign jurisdictions requiring us to collect taxes where we do not, could result in material tax liabilities, including for past sales, as well as penalties and interest.
Adverse global macroeconomic conditions could harm our business and financial condition.
Adverse macroeconomic conditions, and perceptions or expectations about current or future conditions, such as volatility or distress in the financial markets, recession or inflationary pressures, slowing growth, rising interest rates, rising unemployment, rising consumer debt levels, reduced consumer confidence or economic activity, government fiscal and tax policies, U.S. and international trade relationships, government shutdowns and austerity programs could negatively affect our business and financial condition. These macroeconomic conditions or global events, such as political instability and war, have caused, and could, in the future, cause disruptions and volatility in global financial markets, increased rates of default and