rapidly, malicious third parties are using these technologies to create new sophisticated attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted and coordinated and more difficult to defend against. We have and may in the future be a more frequent target of cyberattacks because cyber-criminals tend to focus their efforts on well-known offerings that are popular among customers and hold sensitive personal or financial information.
Further, the security measures that we implement may not be able to prevent unauthorized access to our products and our customers’ account data. Malicious third parties have in the past, and may in the future, be able to fraudulently induce members of our workforce, customers, vendors, partners, or users by social engineering means, such as email phishing, to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our systems. Unauthorized access to or disclosure of customer data may occur due to inadequate use of security controls by our customers or our workforce. Accounts created with weak or recycled passwords could allow cyber-attackers to gain access to customer data. Unauthorized persons could gain access to customer accounts if customers do not maintain effective access controls of their systems and software. Inadvertent exposure of data or access to our systems may also be caused by members of our workforce, including by their error or use of AI.
Criminals may also use stolen identity information obtained outside of our systems to gain unauthorized access to our customers’ data. We have experienced such instances in the past and as the accessibility of stolen identity information increases, generally, we may experience further instances of unauthorized access to our systems through the use of stolen identity information of our customers or our workforce in the future. Further, our customers may choose to use the same login credentials across multiple products and services unrelated to our products. Such customers’ login credentials may be stolen from products offered by third-party service providers unrelated to us and the stolen identity information may be used by a malicious third party to access our products, which could result in disclosure of confidential information. In addition, our hybrid
Table of Contents
workplace model, where our workforce spends a portion of their time working remotely, increases the potential attack surfaces and introduces operational complexity that exacerbates our security-related risks.
Further, because we have created an ecosystem where customers can have one identity across multiple Intuit products, a security incident may give access to increased amounts of customer data. From time to time, we detect, or receive notices from customers or public or private agencies that they have detected, actual or perceived vulnerabilities in our infrastructure, our software or third-party software components that are distributed with our products or fraudulent activity by unauthorized