option activity for the six months ended January 31, 2025 was as follows:
At January 31, 2025, there was approximately $
100
million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options with a weighted-average vesting period of
2.8
years. We adjust unrecognized compensation cost for actual forfeitures as they occur.
Beginning in May 2019, various legal proceedings were filed and certain regulatory inquiries were commenced in connection with our provision and marketing of free online tax preparation programs. We believe that the allegations contained within these legal proceedings are without merit and continue to defend our interests in them. These proceedings included, among others, multiple putative class actions that were consolidated into a single putative class action in the Northern District of California in September 2019 (the Intuit Free File Litigation). In August 2020, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ordered that the putative class action claims be resolved through arbitration. In May 2021, the Intuit Free File Litigation was dismissed on a non-class basis after we entered into an agreement that resolved the matter on an individual non-class basis, without any admission of wrongdoing, for an amount that was not material. These proceedings also include a class action lawsuit that was filed in the Ontario (Canada) Superior Court of Justice on August 25, 2022.
These proceedings also included individual demands for arbitration that were filed beginning in October 2019. As of January 31, 2023, we settled all of these arbitration claims, without any admission of wrongdoing, for an amount that was not material. In June 2021, we received a demand and draft complaint from the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and certain state attorneys general relating to the ongoing inquiries described above. On March 29, 2022, the FTC filed an action in federal court seeking a temporary restraining order and a preliminary injunction enjoining certain Intuit business practices pending resolution of the FTC’s administrative complaint seeking to permanently enjoin certain Intuit business practices (the FTC Actions). On April 22, 2022, the Northern District of California denied the FTC’s requests for a temporary restraining order and a preliminary injunction. Beginning on March 27, 2023, a final hearing on the administrative action was held before an administrative law judge (ALJ) at the FTC and, on August 29, 2023, the FTC's ALJ issued a decision in favor of the FTC and adverse to Intuit. On January 19, 2024, the FTC Commissioners affirmed the ALJ's decision and issued a final order that requires us to adhere to certain marketing practices and does not contain any monetary penalties. On January 21, 2024, we filed a petition for review with the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit and this appeal is pending. The FTC's order became effective on March 23, 2024, and is now pending review by the Court of Appeals. We intend to continue