persons utilizing our products with stolen customer identity information. The existence of such vulnerabilities or fraudulent activity, even if they do not result in a security breach, may undermine customer confidence as well as the confidence of government agencies that regulate our offerings. Such perceived vulnerabilities could also seriously harm our business by tarnishing our reputation and brand and limiting the adoption of our products and services and could cause our stock price to decline. In some cases, such vulnerabilities may not be immediately detected, which could exacerbate the risk of a security incident and the related effects on our businesses.
While we maintain cybersecurity insurance, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all liabilities described herein. The occurrence of any of the foregoing may result in disclosure of confidential information, loss of customer confidence in our products, possible litigation, material harm to our reputation and financial condition, disruption of our or our customers’ business operations, and a decline in our stock price.
Additionally, Credit Karma is subject to an order issued in 2014 by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) that, among other things, requires maintenance of a comprehensive security program relating to the development and management of new and existing products and services and biennial independent security assessments for 20 years from the date of the order. Credit Karma’s failure to fulfill the requirements of the FTC’s order could result in fines, penalties, enforcement inquiries, investigations and claims, and negatively impact our business and reputation.
A cybersecurity incident affecting the third parties we rely on could expose us or our customers to a risk of loss or misuse of confidential information and significantly damage our reputation.
We depend on a number of third parties, including vendors, developers and partners who are critical to our business. We or our customers may grant access to customer data to these third parties to help deliver customer benefits, or to host certain of our and our customers' sensitive and personal data. In addition, we share sensitive, nonpublic business information (including, for example, materials relating to financial, business and legal strategies) with other vendors in the ordinary course of business.
While we conduct background checks of our workforce, conduct reviews of partners, developers and vendors and use commercially available technologies to limit access to systems and data, it is possible that malicious third parties may misrepresent their intended use of data or may circumvent our controls, resulting in accidental or intentional disclosure or misuse of our customer or workforce data. Further, while we conduct due diligence on the security and business controls of our third-party partners, we may not have the ability to effectively monitor or oversee the implementation of these control measures. Malicious third