for the six months ended January 31, 2024 was approximately
4
%. Excluding discrete tax items primarily related to share-based compensation, our effective tax rate for both periods was approximately
24
%. The difference from the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to state income taxes and non-deductible share-based compensation, which were partially offset by the tax benefit we received from the federal research and experimentation credit.
In the current global tax policy environment, the U.S. and other domestic and foreign governments continue to consider, and in some cases enact, changes in corporate tax laws. As changes occur, we account for finalized legislation in the period of enactment.
The total amount of our unrecognized tax benefits at July 31, 2024 was $
327
million. If we were to recognize these net benefits, our income tax expense would reflect a favorable net impact of $
210
million. There were no material changes to these amounts during the six months ended January 31, 2025. We do not believe that it is reasonably possible that there will be a significant increase or decrease in our unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months.
We offset a $
66
million long-term liability for uncertain tax positions against our long-term income tax receivable at each of the reporting periods ended January 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024. The long-term income tax receivable at January 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024 was primarily related to the government’s approval of a method of accounting change request for fiscal 2018.
Intuit’s Board of Directors has authorized a series of common stock repurchase programs. Shares of common stock repurchased under these programs become treasury shares. During the six months ended January 31, 2025, we repurchased a total of
2.0
million
shares for $
1.3
billion under these programs.
Included in this amount were $
13
million of repurchases, which occurred in late January 2025 and settled in early February 2025. On August 20, 2024, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the authorization under the existing stock repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase up to an additional $
3
billion of our common stock. At January 31, 2025, we had authorization from our Board of Directors for up to $
3.6
billion in stock repurchases. Future stock repurchases under the current program are at the discretion of management, and authorization of future stock repurchase programs is subject to the final determination of our Board of Directors.
Our treasury shares are repurchased at the market price on the trade date; accordingly, all amounts paid to reacquire these shares have been recorded as treasury stock on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Any direct costs to acquire treasury stock are recorded to treasury stock on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Repurchased shares of our common stock are held as treasury shares until they are reissued or retired. When we reissue treasury