in interest and other income and gains and losses associated with the related liabilities in operating expenses. The total amounts recorded in operating expenses for each period are approximately equal to the total amounts recorded in interest and other income in those periods.
(3)
During the three and six months ended January 31, 2025, we recorded a $1 million and $43 million in net losses on long-term investments, respectively.
Income Taxes
We compute our provision for or benefit from income taxes by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to income or loss from recurring operations and adding the effects of any discrete income tax items specific to the period.
For the three and six months ended January 31, 2025, we recognized excess tax benefits on share-based compensation of $29 million and $57 million, respectively, in our provision for income taxes. For the three and six months ended January 31, 2024, we recognized excess tax benefits on share-based compensation of $56 million and $83 million, respectively, in our provision for income taxes.
Our effective tax rates for the three and six months ended January 31, 2025 were approximately 17% and 15%, respectively. Excluding discrete tax items primarily related to share-based compensation, our effective tax rate for both periods was approximately 24%. The difference from the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to state income taxes and non-deductible share-based compensation, which were partially offset by the tax benefit we received from the federal research and experimentation credit.
We recorded $1 million in tax expense on pretax income of $354 million for the three months ended January 31, 2024. Our effective tax rate for the six months ended January 31, 2024 was approximately 4%. Excluding discrete tax items primarily related to share-based compensation, our effective tax rate for both periods was approximately 24%. The difference from the federal statutory rate of 21% was primarily due to state income taxes and non-deductible share-based compensation, which were partially offset by the tax benefit we received from the federal research and experimentation credit.
In 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) announced Pillar Two Model Rules, which call for the taxation of large multinational corporations at a minimum rate of 15%. Many non-U.S. tax jurisdictions have either recently enacted legislation to adopt certain components of the Pillar Two Model Rules beginning in fiscal 2025 with the adoption of additional components in later years or announced their plans to enact legislation in future years. The currently enacted Pillar Two Model Rules are not expected to have a significant impact to our provision for income taxes. We continue to monitor developments and evaluate impacts, if any, of these provisions on our results of operations and cash flows for future years.
In the current global tax policy environment, the U.S. and other