States government, securities issued by agencies of the United States government and money market funds, we diversify our investments by limiting our holdings with any individual issuer. Our cash balances are primarily on deposit at high credit quality financial institutions. These deposits are typically in excess of insured limits.
We sell a portion of our products through third-party retailers and distributors. As a result, we face risks related to the collectibility of our accounts receivable. To appropriately manage this risk, we perform ongoing evaluations of customer credit and limit the amount of credit extended as we deem appropriate, but generally do not require collateral. We maintain reserves for estimated credit losses and these losses have historically been within our expectations. However, since we cannot predict future changes in the financial stability of our customers, we cannot guarantee that our reserves will continue to be adequate. No customer accounted for 10% or more of total net revenue for the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, 2023 or 2022, nor did any customer account for 10% or more of total accounts receivable at July 31, 2024 or July 31, 2023.
We rely primarily on
one
third-party vendor to perform the manufacturing and distribution functions for our retail desktop software products. We also have a key single-source vendor that prints and fulfills orders for most of our financial supplies business. While we believe that relying on key vendors improves the efficiency and reliability of our business operations, relying on any one vendor for a significant aspect of our business can have a material negative impact on our revenue and profitability if that vendor fails to perform at acceptable service levels for any reason, including financial difficulties of the vendor.
Segment Information
- In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) 2023-07, "
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures.
" This standard requires incremental segment information disclosures, including disclosures of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (CODM), a description of other segment items by reportable segment, and any additional measures of a segment's profit or loss used by the CODM when deciding how to allocate resources. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, which means that it will be effective for our annual reporting for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2025 and for interim period reporting beginning in fiscal 2026. Early adoption is permitted, and retrospective adoption is required for all prior periods presented. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2023-07 on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
Income Tax
- In