target our customers, including small businesses, tax and personal financial management customers.
We also face competition from companies with a variety of business models and monetization strategies, including increased competition from providers of free and low cost offerings, particularly in our tax, accounting, payments and consumer finance platform businesses. We have also introduced free offerings in several categories, but we may not be able to attract and retain customers as effectively as our competitors with different business models. In addition, other providers of free offerings may provide features that we do not offer and customers who have formerly paid for our products and services may elect to use our competitors’ free offerings instead. These competitive factors may diminish our revenue and profitability, and harm our ability to acquire and retain customers.
Our consumer tax business also faces significant, increasing competition from the public sector, where we face the risk of federal and state taxing authorities implementing revenue-raising strategies that involve developing and providing government tax software or other government return preparation systems at public expense. These or similar programs have been and may continue to be introduced or expanded in the future, which may change the voluntary compliance tax system in ways that could cause us to lose customers and revenue. For example, the IRS has stated that it will make a free direct filing system, which it piloted in 2024, a permanent option in 2025 and will explore ways to expand eligibility for the program, including partnering with more states. Additionally, the legacy IRS Free File Program enables the IRS to offer free commercial tax software directly to qualifying taxpayers, and taxpayer adoption of this program could expand with increased awareness of and government support for the program.
Through these or other programs, federal and state governments are or could become publicly funded direct competitors of the U.S. tax services industry and of Intuit. Government funded services that curtail or eliminate the role of taxpayers in preparing their own taxes could potentially have material and adverse revenue implications on us.
Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change and successfully extend our platform, introduce new and enhanced products, features, services and business models.
We operate in industries that are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and frequent new product introductions. To meet the evolving needs and expectations of our customers and partners and attract and retain top technical talent, we must continue to innovate, develop and extend our platform, introduce new products and features, and enhance our ability to solve customer problems with emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence. If we are not able to do this successfully, we may face a competitive