extreme weather events on critical infrastructure in the U.S. and elsewhere have the potential to disrupt our business, the business of our third-party suppliers and the business of our customers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. We also expect to face increasing regulatory requirements and regulatory scrutiny related to climate matters, resulting in higher associated compliance costs. Additionally, failure to uphold, meet or make timely forward progress against our public commitments and goals related to climate action could adversely affect our reputation with suppliers and customers, financial performance or ability to recruit and retain talent.
Tables of Contents
LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISKS
Increasing and changing regulation of our businesses may adversely affect our ability to operate or harm our operating results.
We are subject to an increasing number of local, state, federal, and international laws, regulations, and rules and standards. These relate to, without limitation, labor, advertising and marketing, tax, financial services, artificial intelligence, data privacy and security, electronic funds transfer, money transmission, lending, digital content, consumer protection, real estate, billing, e-commerce, promotions, quality of services, intellectual property ownership and infringement, import and export requirements, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, insurance, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, antitrust and competition, environmental, health and safety, and other regulated activities.
These laws and regulations are not consistent across jurisdictions and are subject to change and evolving interpretations, and we expect significant new regulations will affect emerging technologies, such as AI. As we expand our products and services and evolve our business models, we have, and may in the future, become subject to additional changing regulations and heightened regulatory scrutiny. Our ability to adopt emerging technologies, including AI, and to innovate for our customers and operate our business may be harmed by the uncertainty and complexity created by the regulatory environment. For example, in May 2024, the European Parliament and the Council adopted the Artificial Intelligence Act (“AI Act”) that will regulate AI systems that affect individuals located in the EU. Compliance with the AI Act, and similar emerging laws, may add significant costs to our business and may require us to change certain business practices to comply. In addition, some of our offerings, such as our lending and payments products, require licenses to operate. Our inability to obtain or maintain a license, or to comply with current or new license requirements, may materially harm our ability to operate in specific jurisdictions or subject us to regulatory fines or penalties.
The tax preparation industry continues to receive heightened attention from federal and