long-term portion is included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets.
We maintain an allowance for credit losses on loans held for investment to reserve for lifetime expected credit losses in the loan portfolio. The allowance for credit losses is determined based on our current estimate of lifetime expected credit losses, historical credit losses, estimates of recoveries, and future expectations as of each balance sheet date. We evaluate the creditworthiness of our term loan portfolio on a pooled basis due to its composition of loans with similar general credit risk and characteristics. Expected credit losses are measured based on a loss forecasting model and calculated by applying loss curves derived from loan level risk segment and term mixes, aggregated at monthly loan vintages. Expected credit losses are continually updated with actualized charge-offs in each month as they occur. The allowance is inherently subjective and requires management estimates. The methodologies are updated periodically to reflect factors such as actual loan performance, changes to assumptions, portfolio growth, credit policies, changes to our applicant base, and macroeconomic conditions. Factors taken into consideration in the methodology include historical performance, customer creditworthiness, changes in the size and composition of the loan portfolio, and actual credit loss experience. We use empirical data and management judgment to estimate losses for new credit tests or products for which we do not have enough history. We make judgments about the known and inherent risks in the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect borrowers’ ability to repay, and current and future economic conditions. When available information confirms that the specific loans or portions thereof are uncollectible, identified amounts are charged off. Loans are charged off in accordance with our charge-off policy, as the contractual principal becomes 120 days past due or meets other charge-off policy requirements. Subsequent recoveries of the unpaid principal balance, if any, are subtracted from charge-offs to compute a net charge-off and are recorded to cost
Tables of Contents
of service revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. As of July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023, the allowances for credit losses, amount of charge-offs recorded, and amount of recoveries on term loans to small businesses were not material.
We consider a loan to be delinquent when the payments are
one
day past due. We place delinquent term loans on nonaccrual status and stop accruing interest revenue. Term loans are returned to accrual status if they are brought current or have performed in accordance with the contractual terms for a reasonable period of time and, in our judgment, will continue to make periodic principal and interest payments as per contractual terms. Past due amounts were not material for all periods presented.
Interest revenue is earned on term loans originated and