may become less effective if our stock price decreases or increases at a slower rate than our talent competitors. In addition, our ability to issue significant additional equity to attract or retain employees may be limited by the risks of dilution to our existing stockholders and the related increase in our expenses. We may experience higher compensation costs to retain and recruit senior management and highly-skilled employees that may not be offset by improved productivity or revenue. Other factors may make it more challenging for us to continue to successfully attract, retain and develop key employees.
Uncertainty in the development, deployment, and use of artificial intelligence in our platform and products and by our customers may result in harm to our business and reputation.
We continue to build and invest in systems and tools that incorporate AI technologies, including generative AI for customers, experts, and our workforce. We also use third parties to support this work. As with many innovations, AI presents risks, uncertainties, and challenges that could adversely impact our business. The development, adoption, and use for generative AI technologies are still in their early stages, and ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by Intuit or third-party developers or vendors could result in unintended consequences. For example, AI algorithms that we use may be flawed or may be based on datasets that are biased or insufficient. In addition, any latency, disruption, or failure in our AI systems or infrastructure could result in delays or errors in our offerings. Developing, testing, and deploying resource-intensive AI systems may require additional investment and increase our costs. There also may be real or perceived social harm, unfairness, or other outcomes that undermine public confidence in the use and deployment of AI. In addition, third parties may deploy AI technologies in a manner that reduces customer demand for our products and services. Any of the foregoing may result in decreased demand for our products or harm to our business, results of operations or reputation.
The legal and regulatory landscape surrounding AI technologies is rapidly evolving and uncertain including in the areas of intellectual property, cybersecurity, and privacy and data protection. In addition, there is uncertainty around the validity and enforceability of intellectual property rights related to our use, development, and deployment of AI. Compliance with new or changing laws, regulations or industry standards relating to AI may impose significant operational costs and may limit our ability to develop, deploy or use AI technologies. Failure to appropriately respond to this evolving landscape may result in legal liability, regulatory action, or brand and reputational harm.
If we experience significant product accuracy or quality problems or delays in product launches, it may harm our revenue, earnings and reputation.
Our customers