the target of, cyberattacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other malware, worms, social engineering, malicious software programs, insider threats, denial-of-service attacks and other cybersecurity threats that have in the past, and could in the future, result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, use, loss or destruction of sensitive and personal data of our customers and our workforce, or Intuit's sensitive business data or cause temporary or sustained unavailability of our data, software, and systems. Cybersecurity incidents can be caused by malicious third parties, acting alone or in groups, or more sophisticated organizations, including nation-states or state-sponsored organizations, and the risks could be elevated in connection with significant armed conflicts, acts of war or terrorism. Customers who fail to update their systems, continue to run software that we no longer support, fail to install security patches on a timely basis or inadequately use security controls create vulnerabilities and make it more difficult for us to detect and prevent these kinds of attacks. We are increasingly incorporating open source software into our products, and there may be vulnerabilities in open source software that make it susceptible to cyberattacks. In addition, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to sensitive information change frequently and, as technologies like AI develop rapidly, malicious third parties are using these technologies to create new sophisticated attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted and coordinated and more difficult to defend against. We have and may in the future be a more frequent target of cyberattacks because cyber-criminals tend to focus their efforts on well-known offerings that are popular among customers and hold sensitive personal or financial information.
Further, the security measures that we implement may not be able to prevent unauthorized access to our products and our customers’ account data. Malicious third parties have in the past, and may in the future, be able to fraudulently induce members of our workforce, customers, vendors, partners, or users by social engineering means, such as email phishing, to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our systems. Unauthorized access to or disclosure of customer data may occur due to inadequate use of security controls by our customers or our workforce. Accounts created with weak or recycled passwords could allow cyber-attackers to gain access to customer data. Unauthorized persons could gain access to customer accounts if customers do not maintain effective access controls of their systems and software. Inadvertent exposure of data or access to our systems may also be caused by members of our workforce, including by their error or use of AI.
Criminals may also use stolen identity information obtained outside of our systems to gain unauthorized access to our customers’ data. We have experienced such instances in