income per share. We exclude stock options with combined exercise prices and unrecognized compensation expense that are greater than the average market price for our common stock, and RSUs with unrecognized compensation expense that is greater than the average market price for our common stock, from the calculation of diluted net income per share because their effect is anti-dilutive. Under the treasury stock method, the amount that must be paid to exercise stock options and the amount of compensation expense for future service that we have not yet recognized for stock options and RSUs are assumed to be used to repurchase shares.
Dividend rights apply to all RSUs that we grant and are accumulated and paid when the underlying RSUs vest. Since the dividend rights are subject to the same vesting requirements as the underlying equity awards, they are considered a contingent transfer of value. Consequently, the RSUs are not considered participating securities, and we do not present them separately in earnings per share.
The following table presents the composition of shares used in the computation of basic and diluted net income per share for the periods indicated.
Tables of Contents
We consider highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. In all periods presented, cash equivalents consist primarily of money market funds. Investments consist primarily of investment-grade available-for-sale debt securities. Except for direct obligations of the United States government, securities issued by agencies of the United States government, and money market funds, we diversify our investments by limiting our holdings with any individual issuer.
We use the specific identification method to compute gains and losses on investments. We record unrealized gains and losses on investments, net of tax, in accumulated other comprehensive income in the stockholders’ equity section of our consolidated balance sheets and reflect unrealized gain and loss activity in other comprehensive income in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. We generally classify available-for-sale debt securities as current assets based upon our ability and intent to use any and all of these securities as necessary to satisfy the significant short-term liquidity requirements that may arise from the highly seasonal nature of our businesses. Because of our significant business seasonality, stock repurchase programs, and acquisition opportunities, cash flow requirements may fluctuate dramatically from quarter to quarter and require us to use a significant amount of the investments we hold as available-for-sale.
Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and are not interest bearing. Third-party payment processor receivables due from financial institutions for the settlement of credit and debit card transactions for the sales of our products and services are included in accounts receivable. We maintain an