These obligations, including funds in transit to our customers, are reflected in funds payable and amounts due to customers in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.
Except for direct obligations of the U.S. government, securities issued by agencies of the U.S. government, and money market funds, we diversify our investments in debt securities by limiting our holdings with any individual issuer.
The following table summarizes our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and funds receivable and amounts held for customers by balance sheet classification at the dates indicated.
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and relevant portion of funds receivable and amounts held for customers by investment category at the dates indicated. As of January 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024, this excludes $
277
million and $
281
million, respectively, of funds receivable on our condensed consolidated balance sheets in funds receivable and amounts held for customers that were not measured and recorded at fair value.
We use the specific identification method to compute gains and losses on investments. We include realized gains and losses on our available-for-sale debt securities in interest and other income, net in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Gross realized gains and losses on our available-for-sale debt securities for the six months ended January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024 were not material.
We accumulate unrealized gains and losses on our available-for-sale debt securities, net of tax, in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss in the stockholders’ equity section of our condensed consolidated balance sheets, except for certain unrealized losses described below. Gross unrealized gains and losses on our available-for-sale debt securities at January 31, 2025 and July 31, 2024 were not material.
For available-for-sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position, we determine whether a credit loss exists. The estimate of the credit loss is determined by considering available information relevant to the collectibility of the security and information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The allowance for credit loss is recorded to interest and other income, net in our condensed consolidated statements of operations, not to exceed the amount of the unrealized loss. Any excess unrealized loss greater than the allowance for credit loss at a security level is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss in the stockholders' equity section of our condensed consolidated balance sheets. We determined there were
no
credit losses related to available-for-sale debt securities as of January 31, 2025. Unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities at January 31, 2025 were not material. We do not intend to sell these investments. In addition, it is m
ore likely than not that we will not be required to sell them