be sure that our workforce, contractors and agents are in compliance with our policies. These risks inherent in our international operations and expansion increase our costs of doing business internationally and may result in harm to our business, operating results, and financial condition.
Climate change may have an impact on our business.
While we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change by establishing robust environmental programs and partnering with organizations that are also focused on mitigating their own climate-related risks, we recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. Any of our primary workplace locations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change. For example, our offices globally have historically experienced, and are projected to continue to experience, climate-related events at an increasing frequency, including drought, water scarcity, heat waves, cold waves, wildfires and resultant air quality impacts and power shutoffs associated with wildfire prevention. Furthermore, it is more difficult to mitigate the impact of these events on our employees to the extent they work from home. Changing market dynamics, global policy developments and the increasing frequency and impact of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure in the U.S. and elsewhere have the potential to disrupt our business, the business of our third-party suppliers and the business of our customers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. We also expect to face increasing regulatory requirements and regulatory scrutiny related to climate matters, resulting in higher associated compliance costs. Additionally, failure to uphold, meet or make timely forward progress against our public commitments and goals related to climate action could adversely affect our reputation with suppliers and customers, financial performance or ability to recruit and retain talent.
Table of Contents
LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISKS
Increasing and changing regulation of our businesses may adversely affect our ability to operate or harm our operating results.
We are subject to an increasing number of local, state, federal, and international laws, regulations, and rules and standards. These relate to, without limitation, labor, advertising and marketing, tax, financial services, artificial intelligence, data privacy and security, electronic funds transfer, money transmission, lending, digital content, consumer protection, real estate, billing, e-commerce, promotions, quality of services, intellectual property ownership and infringement, import and export requirements, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, insurance, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, antitrust and competition, environmental, health and safety, and other regulated activities.
These laws and regulations are not consistent across jurisdictions and are