to avoid liabilities for our customers’ misconduct and may further give rise to legal claims alleging defamation, libel, invasion of privacy, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials disseminated through the services. Certain of our services include content generated by users of our online services. Although this content is not generated by us, claims of defamation or other injury may be made against us for that content. Any costs incurred as a result of this potential liability may harm our business.
FINANCIAL RISKS
The results of operations of our tax business may fluctuate from period to period due to the seasonality of the business and other factors beyond our control.
Our tax offerings have significant seasonal patterns. Revenue from income tax preparation products and services has historically been heavily concentrated from November through April, as the tax filing deadline for the IRS and many states is traditionally in April. This seasonality has caused significant fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. In addition, unanticipated changes to federal and state tax filing deadlines may further exacerbate the impact of the seasonality.
Our financial results from our tax offerings may also fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year due to a variety of other factors, some of which may affect the timing of revenue recognition. These include the timing of the availability of federal and state tax forms from taxing agencies and the ability of those agencies to receive electronic tax return submissions; changes to our offerings that result in the inclusion or exclusion of ongoing services; changes in product pricing strategies or product sales mix; changes in customer behavior; and the timing of our discontinuation of support for older product offerings. Other factors,
Tables of Contents
including unanticipated changes to the tax code or the administration of government programs and payments by tax authorities, may cause variations from year to year in the number of tax filers. Any of the foregoing could negatively impact the number of tax returns we prepare and file and the operating results of our tax business. Other factors that may affect our quarterly or annual financial results include the timing of acquisitions, divestitures, and goodwill and acquired intangible asset impairment charges. Any fluctuations in our operating results may adversely affect our stock price.
If actual customer refunds for our offerings exceed the amount we have reserved, our future financial results may be harmed.
Like many software companies, we refund customers for product returns and subscription and service cancellations. We establish reserves against revenue in our financial statements based on estimated customer refunds. We closely monitor this refund activity in an effort to maintain adequate reserves. In the past, customer refunds have not differed significantly from