business combination).
Under the acquisition method of accounting, we recognize separately from goodwill the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interests in an acquiree, generally at the acquisition date fair value. We measure goodwill as of the acquisition date as the excess of consideration transferred, which we also measure at fair value, over the net of the acquisition date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Costs that we incur to complete the
Tables of Contents
business combination, such as investment banking, legal, and other professional fees, are not considered part of consideration, and we recognize such costs as general and administrative expenses as they are incurred. Under the acquisition method, we also account for acquired company restructuring activities that we initiate separately from the business combination.
Should the initial accounting for a business combination be incomplete by the end of a reporting period that falls within the measurement period, we report provisional amounts in our financial statements. During the measurement period, we adjust the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date, and we record those adjustments to our financial statements. We apply those measurement period adjustments that we determine to be material retrospectively to comparative information in our financial statements, including adjustments to depreciation and amortization expense.
Under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations, if we identify changes to acquired deferred tax asset valuation allowances or liabilities related to uncertain tax positions during the measurement period, and they relate to new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date, those changes are considered a measurement period adjustment and we record the offset to goodwill. We record all other changes to deferred tax asset valuation allowances and liabilities related to uncertain tax positions in current period income tax expense. This accounting applies to all of our acquisitions regardless of acquisition date.
Goodwill
We record goodwill when the fair value of consideration transferred in a business combination exceeds the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment annually during our fourth fiscal quarter and whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable.
In accordance with authoritative guidance, we define fair value as the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the