information as of the filing date of this Annual Report and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement for any reason.
Tables of Contents
Overview and Mission
Intuit is a global financial technology platform with a mission to power prosperity around the world. Our platform helps consumers and small and mid-market businesses prosper by delivering financial management, compliance, and marketing products and services. We also provide specialized tax products to accounting professionals, who are key partners that help us serve small and mid-market business customers.
Across our platform, we use the power of data and artificial intelligence (AI) to deliver three core benefits to our customers: helping put more money in their pockets, saving them time by eliminating work, and ensuring that they have complete confidence in every financial decision they make. We help consumers do their taxes with ease and confidence, understand their financial picture, build credit, save more to make ends meet, get their largest tax refund, pay off debt, and receive personalized suggestions on how to grow their money. We help small and mid-market businesses grow and run their business all in one place, including bookkeeping, getting paid, accessing capital, paying employees, getting and retaining customers, and managing their customer relationships.
We do this through our global AI-driven expert platform and our offerings including TurboTax, Credit Karma, QuickBooks, and Mailchimp. We serve approximately 100 million customers and generated revenue of $16.3 billion in our fiscal year ended July 31, 2024.
Intuit Inc. was incorporated in California in March 1984. We reincorporated in Delaware and completed our initial public offering in March 1993. Our principal executive offices are located at 2700 Coast Avenue, Mountain View, California, 94043, and our main telephone number is 650-944-6000. When we refer to “we,” “our,” or “Intuit” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we mean the current Delaware corporation (Intuit Inc.) and its California predecessor, as well as all of our consolidated subsidiaries.
Our Business Portfolio
We organize our businesses into four reportable segments:
Our Business and Growth Strategy
The era of AI is one of the most significant technological shifts in decades, igniting global innovations at incredible pace. Intuit made an early bet on AI, declaring its AI-driven expert platform strategy in 2019 to deliver on its mission of powering prosperity for consumers and small and mid-market businesses. Our strategy, combined with our five Big Bets that focus on the largest customer problems and growth opportunities, positions us for durable growth in the future. Our scale of data, our investment in AI capabilities such as knowledge engineering, machine learning, and generative AI (GenAI), and our network of AI-powered virtual experts give us significant advantage as we deliver reimagined