statements of Intuit and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. We have eliminated all intercompany balances and transactions in consolidation. We have included all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring items, which we considered necessary for a fair presentation of our financial results for the interim periods presented. We have reclassified certain amounts previously reported in our financial statements to conform to the current presentation.
On August 1, 2024, we renamed our Small Business & Self-Employed segment as the Global Business Solutions segment. This new name better aligns with the global reach of the Mailchimp and QuickBooks platform, our focus on serving both small and mid-market businesses, and our vision to become the end-to-end platform that customers use to grow and run their business. See Note 12,
"Segment Information
,
"
for more information.
On August 1, 2024, we reorganized certain technology and customer success functions in our Global Business Solutions, Consumer, and ProTax segments that support and benefit our overall platform and are managed at that level rather than at the segment level. As a result of these reorganizations, costs associated with these functions are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. For the
three and six
months ended January 31, 2024, we reclassified expenses totaling
$
350
million and $
682
million
from Global Business Solutions
, $
129
million and $
194
million from Consumer, and $
8
million and $
16
million from ProTax to other corporate expenses, respectively, to conform to the current presentation. See Note 12,
"Segment Information,"
for more information.
These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes should be read together with the audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. Results for the six months ended January 31, 2025 are not necessarily indicative of the results we expect for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2025 or any other future period.
Our Consumer and ProTax offerings have a significant and distinct seasonal pattern as sales and revenue from our income tax preparation products and services are typically heavily concentrated in the period from November through April. This seasonal pattern typically results in higher net revenues during our second and third quarters ending January 31 and April 30, respectively.
We described our significant accounting policies in Note 1 to the financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. There have been no changes to our significant accounting policies during the first six months of fiscal 2025.
Table of Contents
In preparing our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), we make certain judgments, estimates, and