form changes within a rigid timetable. The development timing for our small business payroll and merchant payment processing services offerings varies with business needs and regulatory requirements, and the length of the development cycle depends on the scope and complexity of each project.
We continue to make substantial investments in research and development, and we expect to focus our future research and development efforts on enhancing existing products and services with financial recommendations, personalization, and ease of use enabled by AI and other advanced technologies. We continue to focus on developing new products and services, including global offerings, and significant research and development efforts for ongoing projects to update the technology platforms for several of our offerings.
Our Consumer and ProTax offerings have a significant and distinct seasonal pattern as sales and revenue from our income tax preparation products and services are typically heavily concentrated in the period from November through April. This seasonal pattern typically results in higher net revenues during our second and third quarters ending January 31 and April 30, respectively.
We expect the seasonality of our Consumer and ProTax businesses to continue to have a material impact on our quarterly financial results in the future.
Tables of Contents
Markets
Our primary customers are consumers and small and mid-market businesses. We also provide specialized tax and accounting products to professional accountants, who are key partners to help us reach small and mid-market business customers. We partner with financial institutions and other partners, who we connect with consumers on our platform. The markets in which we compete have always been characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements by competitors. The widespread usage of mobile devices and social media, and the evolution of AI, have accelerated the pace of change and revolutionized the way that customers learn about, evaluate, and purchase products and services.
Real-time, personalized online shopping experiences are the standard. In addition, many customers now begin shopping in one channel and ultimately purchase in another. This has created a need for integrated, multi-channel, shop-and-buy experiences. Market and industry changes quickly make existing products and services obsolete. Our success depends on our ability to respond rapidly to these changes with new business models, updated competitive strategies, new or enhanced products and services, and other changes in the way we do business.
Marketing Programs
We use a variety of marketing programs to generate direct sales, develop leads, increase general awareness of the Intuit brand and our product portfolio, and drive sales in retail. These programs include offline marketing such as TV and radio advertising; digital marketing such as display and pay-per-click