the past and as the accessibility of stolen identity information increases, generally, we may experience further instances of unauthorized access to our systems through the use of stolen identity information of our customers or our workforce in the future. Further, our customers may choose to use the same login credentials across multiple products and services unrelated to our products. Such customers’ login credentials may be stolen from products offered by third-party service providers unrelated to us and the stolen identity information may be used by a malicious third party to access our products, which could result in disclosure of confidential information. In addition, our hybrid workplace model, where our workforce spends a portion of their time working remotely, increases the potential attack surfaces and introduces operational complexity that exacerbates our security-related risks.
Further, because we have created an ecosystem where customers can have one identity across multiple Intuit products, a security incident may give access to increased amounts of customer data. From time to time, we detect, or receive notices from customers or public or private agencies that they have detected, actual or perceived vulnerabilities in our infrastructure, our software or third-party software components that are distributed with our products or fraudulent activity by unauthorized persons utilizing our products with stolen customer identity information. The existence of such vulnerabilities or fraudulent activity, even if they do not result in a security breach, may undermine customer confidence as well as the confidence of government agencies that regulate our offerings. Such perceived vulnerabilities could also seriously harm our business by
Tables of Contents
tarnishing our reputation and brand and limiting the adoption of our products and services and could cause our stock price to decline. In some cases, such vulnerabilities may not be immediately detected, which could exacerbate the risk of a security incident and the related effects on our businesses.
While we maintain cybersecurity insurance, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all liabilities described herein. The occurrence of any of the foregoing may result in disclosure of confidential information, loss of customer confidence in our products, possible litigation, material harm to our reputation and financial condition, disruption of our or our customers’ business operations, and a decline in our stock price.
Additionally, Credit Karma is subject to an order issued in 2014 by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) that, among other things, requires maintenance of a comprehensive security program relating to the development and management of new and existing products and services and biennial independent security assessments for 20 years from the date of the order. Credit Karma’s failure to fulfill the requirements of the FTC’s order could result in fines, penalties, enforcement