subject to change and evolving interpretations, and new or amended laws, regulations, executive orders, directives, policies, and enforcement priorities may affect our business. As we expand our products and services and evolve our business models, we have, and may in the future, become subject to additional changing regulations and heightened regulatory scrutiny. Our ability to adopt emerging technologies, including AI, and to innovate for our customers and operate our business may be harmed by the uncertainty and complexity created by the evolving legal and regulatory environment. For example, in August 2024, the European Union's Artificial Intelligence Act (“AI Act”) went into force regulating AI systems that affect individuals located in the EU. Around the same time, California also enacted various laws relating to transparency, privacy, and fairness in the use and development of AI. Compliance with these laws, and similar emerging laws, may add significant costs to our business and may require us to change certain business practices to comply. In addition, some of our offerings, such as our lending and payments products, require licenses to operate. Our inability to obtain or maintain a license, or to comply with current or new license requirements, may materially harm our ability to operate in specific jurisdictions or subject us to regulatory fines or penalties.
The tax preparation industry continues to receive heightened attention from federal and state governments. New legislation, regulation, public policy considerations, changes in the cybersecurity environment, litigation by the government or private entities, changes to or new interpretations of existing laws may result in greater oversight of the tax preparation industry, restrict the types of products and services that we can offer or the prices we can charge, or otherwise cause us to change the way we operate our tax businesses or offer our tax products and services. We may not be able to respond quickly to such regulatory, legislative and other developments, and these changes may in turn increase our cost of doing business and limit our revenue opportunities. In addition, if our practices are not consistent with new interpretations of existing laws, we may become subject to lawsuits, penalties, and other liabilities that did not previously apply. We are also required to comply with a variety of state revenue agency standards in order to successfully operate our tax preparation and electronic filing services. Changes in state-imposed requirements by one or more of the states, including the required use of specific technologies or technology standards, may significantly increase the costs of providing those services to our customers and may prevent us from delivering a quality product to our customers in a timely manner.
Any perceived or actual failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and rules could negatively impact our reputation and expose us to legal liability,