control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2024. Their report is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarterly period ended July 31, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls
Our management, including our CEO and CFO, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and that they are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, no matter how well conceived and executed, a control system can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. The design of any control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. There are also limitations that are inherent in any control system. These limitations include the realities that breakdowns can occur because of errors in judgment or mistakes, and that controls can be circumvented by individual persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. Because of these inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.
During the three months ended July 31, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act)
adopted
or
terminated
a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K).
None.
Tables of Contents
We maintain a Code of Conduct and Ethics that applies to all employees, including all officers. We also maintain a Board of Directors Code of Ethics that applies to all members of our Board of Directors. Our Code of Conduct and Ethics and Board of Directors Code of Ethics incorporate guidelines designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote honest and ethical conduct and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Our Code of Conduct and Ethics and Board of Directors Code of Ethics are published on our Investor Relations website at
https://investors.intuit.com/corporate-governance/conduct-and-guidelines/default.aspx
. We disclose amendments to certain provisions of our Code of Conduct and Ethics and Board of Directors Code of Ethics, or waivers of such provisions granted to executive officers and directors, on this website.
The other information required by this Item 10 regarding directors is incorporated by reference from the information contained in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “2025 Proxy