in net income was due to the increase in operating income described, partially offset by an increase in income tax expense. The increase in income tax expense is due to the increase in operating income described above and a decrease in excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation. Diluted net income per share increased to $2.36 for the first six months of fiscal 2025 compared to $2.10 for the same period in fiscal 2024, in line with the increase in net income.
The information below is organized in accordance with our four reportable segments. See
“Executive Overview – About Intuit”
earlier in this Item 2 and Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for more information. All of our segments operate and sell to customers primarily in the U.S. Total international net revenue was approximately 9% of consolidated net revenue for each of the three and six months ended January 31, 2025, respectively. Total international net revenue was approximately 9% and 10% for the three and six months ended January 31, 2024, respectively.
On August 1, 2024, we reorganized certain technology and customer success functions in our Global Business Solutions, Consumer, and ProTax segments that support and benefit our overall platform and are managed at that level rather than at the segment level. As a result of these reorganizations, costs associated with these functions are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. For the
three and six
months ended January 31, 2024, we reclassified expenses totaling
$350 million and $682 million
from Global Business Solutions
, $129 million
Table of Contents
and $194 million from Consumer, and $8 million and $16 million from ProTax to other corporate expenses, respectively, to conform to the current presentation.
Segment operating income or loss is segment net revenue less segment cost of revenue and operating expenses. See
“Executive Overview – Industry Trends and Seasonality”
earlier in this Item 2 for a description of the seasonality of our business. We include expenses such as corporate selling and marketing, general and administrative, and non-employment related legal and litigation settlement costs, which are not allocated to specific segments, in unallocated corporate items as part of other corporate expenses. As part of our platform strategy, we also include customer success and product development for our Global Business Solutions, Consumer, and ProTax segments in unallocated corporate items as we do not allocate these expenses to the segments because they are managed at the platform level. Customer success includes the costs of tax and bookkeeping experts that support our TurboTax Live and QuickBooks Live offerings. For our Credit Karma reportable segment, segment expenses include certain direct expenses related to selling and marketing, product development, and general and administrative. Unallocated