This is an important driver to improving the success of our small and mid-market business customers.
•
Disrupt the small business mid-market
:
We aim to disrupt the mid-market with a tailor-made, integrated ecosystem, which includes our QuickBooks offerings, as well as our workforce solutions and money offerings. These solutions are designed to address the needs of mid-market business customers with 10 to 100 employees. Mailchimp’s marketing offerings enable mid-market businesses to digitally promote their business across email, social media, landing pages, ads, websites, and more, all from one place. These offerings enable us to increase retention of these larger customers and accelerate mid-market demand.
We believe our Big Bets enable us to deliver a QuickBooks and Mailchimp platform that serves as the source of truth for small and mid-market business customers, providing end-to-end solutions to increase their revenue and profitability, fueling their business success. For consumers, we are creating seamless, end-to-end experiences that customers benefit from year-round with TurboTax and Credit Karma, helping them make ends meet, maximize their tax refund, save more, pay off debt, and take steps to improve their financial health.
As the external environment evolves, we continue to innovate and adapt our strategy and anticipate our customers’ needs. For more than 40 years, we have been dedicated to developing innovative solutions that are designed to solve our customers' most important financial problems. At Intuit, we believe that everyone should have the opportunity to prosper, and we never stop working to find new, innovative ways to make that possible.
Tables of Contents
During fiscal 2024, we offered our products and services in the four segments described in
“Our Business Portfolio”
above. The following table shows the percentage of total revenue contributed by each of these segments over the last three fiscal years.
Total international net revenue was approximately 8% of consolidated total net revenue in each of the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
For financial information about our reportable segments, see
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
in Item 7 and Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report.
Small Business & Self-Employed
Our Small Business & Self-Employed segment serves small and mid-market businesses around the world, and the accounting professionals who assist and advise them. Our goal is for QuickBooks to be the source of truth for each small and mid-market business customer who uses our AI-driven expert platform.
Small and mid-market business owners are constantly faced with challenges and barriers in their journey to success. Universally, small businesses at every stage of growth struggle to get customers, get paid, get capital, pay workers, get access to advice, and stay compliant and organized. Our innovative