models our customers may not perceive value in the additional benefits and services we offer and may choose not to pay for those additional benefits or we may be unsuccessful in increasing customer adoption of these offerings or our risk profile may change, resulting in loss of revenue.
When customers consent to the use of their data across our platform, we work to provide additional benefits to them through our existing offerings and the creation of new products and services. The growth of our business depends, in part, on our ability to successfully provide customers value in this way. If we are unable to clearly demonstrate the value of these new or upgraded products or services, our ability to build new data-driven products and services may be limited and our revenues may be harmed.
In some cases, we may expend a significant amount of resources and management attention on offerings that do not ultimately succeed in their markets. We have encountered difficulty in launching new products and services in the past. If we misjudge customer needs in the future, our new products and services may not succeed and our revenues and earnings may be harmed. We have also invested, and in the future, expect to invest in new business models, technologies, geographies, strategies and initiatives. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including a rapidly changing regulatory environment, distraction of management from current operations, expenses associated with the initiatives, inadequate return on investments, and social or ethical scrutiny. Because these new initiatives are inherently risky, they may not be successful and may harm our financial condition, operating results, or reputation.
We rely on intellectual property in our products and services.
Many of our products and services include our own intellectual property, as well as the intellectual property of third parties, which we license under agreements that may need to be renewed or renegotiated from time to time. We may not be able to obtain licenses to these third-party technologies or content on reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain the rights necessary to use this intellectual property in our products and services, we may not be able to provide the affected offerings, and customers who are currently using the affected product may be disrupted, which may in turn harm our future financial results, damage our brand, and result in customer loss. Also, we and our customers have been and may continue to be subject to infringement claims as a result of the third-party intellectual property incorporated in our offerings, including through our use of AI. Although we try to mitigate this risk and we may not be ultimately liable for any potential infringement, pending claims require us to use significant resources, require management attention and could result in loss of customers.
Some of our offerings include third-party software that is licensed under “open