products or services into, or with, our offerings and/or the general availability of such third party’s products and services. In addition, there may be few or no alternative third-party providers or vendors in the market. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to adequately retain third-party contractors engaged to help us operate our business.
Additionally, the business operations of our third-party partners and the third-party partners who support them have been and could continue to be disrupted, including as a result of uncertain macroeconomic conditions and global health crises, such as pandemics and endemics. If our third-party partners are unable to help us operate our business or prevent us from delivering critical services to our customers or accepting and fulfilling customer orders, our business and financial results may be negatively impacted. The failure of third parties to provide acceptable and high quality products, services and technologies or to update their products, services and technologies may result in a disruption to our business operations and our customers, which may reduce our revenues and profits, cause us to lose customers and damage our reputation. Alternative arrangements and services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or we may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner.
In particular, we have relationships with banks, credit unions and other financial institutions that support certain critical services we offer to our customers. If macroeconomic conditions or other factors cause any of these institutions to fail, consolidate, stop providing certain services or institute cost-cutting efforts, or give rise to speculation relating to such events, we may be unable to offer those services to our customers, in which case our business and financial results may suffer. For example, if one of the counterparty financial institutions with whom we have significant deposits were to become insolvent, placed into receivership, or file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover our assets from such counterparty may be limited, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
Although we have strict standards for our suppliers and business partners to comply with the law and company policies regarding workplace and employment practices, data use and security, environmental compliance, intellectual property licensing and other applicable regulatory and compliance requirements, we cannot control their day-to-day practices. Any violation of laws or implementation of practices regarded as unethical could result in supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, terminations of or damage to key relationships, and damage to our reputation.
We increasingly utilize the distribution platforms of third parties like Apple’s App Store and Google’s Play Store for the distribution of certain of our product offerings. Although we