domestic and foreign governments continue to consider, and in some cases enact, changes in corporate tax laws. As changes occur, we account for finalized legislation in the period of enactment.
At January 31, 2025, our cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $2.5 billion, a decrease of $1.6 billion from July 31, 2024 due to the factors discussed under
“Statements of Cash Flows”
below. Our primary sources of liquidity have been cash from operations, which entails the collection of accounts receivable for products and services, the issuance of senior unsecured notes, and borrowings under our credit facilities. Our primary uses of cash have been for research and development programs, selling and marketing activities, capital projects, acquisitions of businesses, debt service costs and debt repayment, repurchases of our common stock under our stock repurchase programs, and the payment of cash dividends. As discussed in
“Executive Overview – Industry Trends and Seasonality”
earlier in this Item 2, our business is subject to significant seasonality. The balance of our cash, cash equivalents, and investments generally fluctuates with that seasonal pattern. We believe the seasonality of our business is likely to continue in the future.
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes selected measures of our liquidity and capital resources at the dates indicated:
We have historically generated significant cash from operations, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Our cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $2.5 billion at January 31, 2025. None of those funds were restricted and approximately 88% of those funds were located in the U.S.
On January 30, 2025, we entered into a credit agreement with certain lenders providing for a $4.5 billion unsecured short-term revolving credit facility that matures on April 30, 2025 (2025 Credit Facility) to fund a portion of our TurboTax 5-day early refund offering. See Note 6 to the financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for more information. Additionally, our $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility and our commercial paper program are available to us for general corporate purposes. At January 31, 2025, no amounts were outstanding under the unsecured revolving credit facilities or the commercial paper program. See Note 6 to the financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for more information.
Subsequent to January 31, 2025, we increased the capacity of our commercial paper program from $1.5 billion to $2.0 billion on a temporary basis to be available for any seasonal working capital needs. In February 2025, we also began to issue commercial paper under this program, and as of February 25, 2025, there was $1.8 billion in commercial paper outstanding, all of which is short term.
Our secured revolving credit facilities are available to fund a portion of our loans to qualified small businesses. At January 31, 2025, $804 million was