interest income due to higher average interest rates, and a decrease in income tax expense related to higher excess tax benefits on share-based compensation. Diluted net income per share increased 24% to $10.43 for fiscal 2024, in line with the increase in net income.
The information below is organized in accordance with our four reportable segments. All of our segments operate and sell to customers primarily in the United States. Total international net revenue was approximately 8% of consolidated total net revenue in each of the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
On November 1, 2021, we acquired Mailchimp in a business combination. Our Mailchimp offerings are part of our Small Business & Self-Employed segment. We have included the results of operations of Mailchimp in our consolidated statements of operations from the date of acquisition.
In the first quarter of fiscal 2024, to align our presentation of revenue and cost of revenue with our current revenue mix, we began to aggregate other revenue with product revenue, rather than service revenue, and cost of other revenue with cost of product revenue, rather than cost of service revenue. We reclassified the previously reported balances to conform to the current presentation. The reclassification was not material and had no impact on previously reported total net revenue or cost of revenue.
On August 1, 2023, we reorganized certain technology functions in our Consumer and ProTax segments that support and benefit our overall platform. Additionally, certain workplace and real estate functions in our Small Business & Self-Employed segment are now managed at the corporate level. As a result of these reorganizations, costs associated with these functions are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. For the twelve months ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, we reclassified $49 million and $21 million from Small Business & Self-Employed, $168 million and $150 million from Consumer, and $60 million and $64 million from ProTax to other corporate expenses, respectively.
Segment operating income is segment net revenue less segment cost of revenue and operating expenses. We include expenses such as corporate selling and marketing, product development, general and administrative, and non-employment related legal and litigation settlement costs, which are not allocated to specific segments, in unallocated corporate items as part of other corporate expenses. For our Credit Karma segment, expenses include certain direct expenses related to selling and marketing, product development, and general and administrative. Unallocated corporate items for all segments include share-based compensation, amortization of acquired technology, amortization of other acquired intangible assets, goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges, professional fees and transaction charges related to business combinations, and restructuring charges. These unallocated