retaining customers, and managing their customer relationships.
We do this through our global AI-driven expert platform and our offerings including TurboTax, Credit Karma, QuickBooks, and Mailchimp. Lacerte, ProSeries, and ProConnect Tax Online are our leading tax preparation offerings for professional accountants. Incorporated in 1984 and headquartered in Moun
tain View, California, we sell our products and services primarily in the United
States.
These consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Intuit and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. We have eliminated all intercompany balances and transactions in consolidation. We have reclassified certain amounts previously reported in our financial statements to conform to the current presentation.
We acquired The Rocket Science Group LLC (Mailchimp) on November 1, 2021. We have included the results of operations for Mailchimp in our consolidated statements of operations from the date of acquisition. Our Mailchimp offerings are part of our Small Business & Self-Employed segment. See Note 7, “
Business Combinations,
” for more information.
In the first quarter of fiscal 2024, to align our presentation of revenue and cost of revenue with our current revenue mix, we began to aggregate other revenue with product revenue, rather than service revenue, and cost of other revenue with cost of product revenue, rather than cost of service revenue. We reclassified the previously reported balances to conform to the current presentation. The reclassification was not material and had no impact on previously reported total net revenue or cost of revenue.
On August 1, 2023, we reorganized certain technology functions in our Consumer and ProTax segments that support and benefit our overall platform. Additionally, certain workplace and real estate functions in our Small Business & Self-Employed segment are now managed at the corporate level. As a result of these reorganizations, costs associated with these functions are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. For the twelve months ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, we reclassified $
49
million and $
21
million from Small Business & Self-Employed, $
168
million and $
150
million from Consumer, and $
60
million and $
64
million from ProTax to other corporate expenses, respectively. See Note 15, “
Segment Information
,” for more information.
On August 1, 2024, we renamed our Small Business & Self-Employed segment as the Global Business Solutions segment. This new name better aligns with the global reach of the Mailchimp and QuickBooks platform, our focus on serving both small and mid-market businesses, and our vision to become the end-to-end platform that customers use to grow and run their business. See Note 15, “
Segment Information
,” for more information.
Our Consumer and ProTax offerings have a significant and distinct seasonal pattern as sales and revenue from our income tax preparation