based RSUs at the date of grant using a Monte Carlo valuation methodology and amortize those fair values over the requisite service period for each separately vesting tranche of the award. The Monte Carlo methodology that we use to estimate the fair value of market-based RSUs at the date of grant incorporates into the valuation the possibility that the market condition may not be satisfied. Provided that the requisite service is rendered, the total fair value of the market-based RSUs at the date of grant must be recognized as compensation expense even if the market
Tables of Contents
condition is not achieved. However, the number of shares that ultimately vest can vary significantly with the performance of the specified market criteria. We estimate the fair value of performance-based RSUs at the date of grant using the intrinsic value method and the probability that the specified performance criteria would be met. Each quarter, we update our assessment of the probability that the specified performance criteria will be achieved and adjust our estimate of the fair value of the performance-based RSUs if necessary. We amortize the fair values of performance-based RSUs over the requisite service period for each separately vesting tranche of the award. All of the RSUs we grant have dividend rights that are subject to the same vesting requirements as the underlying equity awards, so we do not adjust the intrinsic (market) value of our RSUs for dividends.
We estimate the fair value of stock options granted using a lattice binomial model and a multiple option award approach. We amortize the fair value of stock options on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which are generally the vesting periods.
See Note 12,
“Stockholders’ Equity,”
for a description of our share-based compensation plans and more information on the assumptions we use to calculate the fair value of share-based compensation.
We record charges associated with management-approved restructuring plans as restructuring in our consolidated statements of operations. These charges may include severance and employee benefits, and costs to vacate facilities. We generally recognize employee severance costs when payments are probable and the amounts are estimable, or when notifications occur, depending on the region where the employee works. The liability for restructuring charges is included in accrued compensation and related liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
We operate in markets that are highly competitive and rapidly changing. Significant technological changes, shifting customer needs, the emergence of competitive products or services with new capabilities, and other factors could negatively impact our operating results.
We are also subject to risks related to changes in the value of our material balance of investments. Our portfolio of investments consists of investment-grade securities. Except for direct obligations of the United