fines, penalties, or require us to change our products or business operations. In addition, evolving laws and regulations may require us to change our business practices or modify our compliance programs in order to continue operating our businesses. Any of the foregoing may adversely affect our ability to operate and may harm our results of operations.
Complex and evolving privacy and data protection regulations or changing customer expectations could result in claims, changes to our business practices, penalties or increased cost of operations or otherwise harm our business.
Regulations related to data privacy, cybersecurity, the collection, processing, storage, transfer and use of data, and the use of AI are evolving. Many jurisdictions in which we operate globally have enacted, or are in the process of enacting, data privacy legislation or regulations aimed at creating and enhancing individual privacy rights. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) regulates the collection, use, and retention of personal information by our offerings in the EU. In addition, in the absence of a unified federal privacy standard, a growing number of U.S. states have enacted or introduced data privacy laws and regulations. Several countries have established specific legal requirements for cross-border data transfers and governmental authorities and privacy advocates around the world continue to propose new regulatory actions concerning data protection. Moreover, several jurisdictions are considering regulatory frameworks for AI that implicate data protection laws.
In our efforts to meet the various data privacy regulations that apply to us, we have made and continue to make certain operational changes to our products, business practices, and use of certain third party tools and vendors. Additionally, customer sensitivity to privacy continues to increase and our privacy statements and practices may create additional customer expectations about the collection, use, and sharing of personal information.
In addition, the evolution of global privacy treaties and frameworks has created compliance uncertainty and increased complexity. For example, the judicial invalidation of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks that we relied on to transfer data has created additional compliance challenges for the transfer of EU personal data to the U.S. While the European Commission recently issued a decision that allows personal data to flow from the European Union to U.S. companies, the future of this framework is uncertain because it faces legal challenges in the European courts.
Each of these privacy, security and data protection requirements could impose significant limitations on us, require changes to our business, require notification to customers or workers of a security incident, restrict our use or storage of personal
Table of Contents
information, limit our use of third-party tools and vendors, or cause changes in customer purchasing behavior that may