translation adjustments for subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar.
The following table shows the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes, in the stockholders’ equity section of our consolidated balance sheets at the dates indicated.
Intuit’s Executive Deferred Compensation Plan provides that executives who meet minimum compensation requirements are eligible to defer up to
75
% of their salaries and up to
75
% of their bonuses. We have agreed to credit the participants’ contributions with earnings that reflect the performance of certain independent investment funds. We do not guarantee above-market interest on account balances. We may also make discretionary employer contributions to participant accounts in certain circumstances. The timing, amounts, and vesting schedules of employer contributions are at the sole discretion of the Compensation and Organizational Development Committee of our Board of Directors or its delegate. The benefits under this plan are unsecured and are general assets of Intuit. Participants are generally eligible to receive payment of their vested benefit at the end of their elected deferral period or after termination of their employment with Intuit for any reason or at a later date to comply with the restrictions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. Participants may elect to receive their payments in a lump sum or installments. Discretionary company contributions and the related earnings vest completely upon the participant’s disability, death, or a change in control of Intuit. We made no employer contributions to the plan for any period presented.
We had liabilities related to this plan of $
207
million at July 31, 2024, and $
171
million at July 31, 2023. We have matched the plan liabilities with similar-performing assets, which are primarily investments in life insurance contracts. These assets are recorded in other long-term assets, while liabilities related to obligations are recorded in other current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets.
In the United States, employees who participate in the Intuit Inc. 401(k) Plan may currently contribute up to
50
% of pre-tax compensation, subject to IRS limitations and the terms and conditions of the plan. We match a portion of employee contributions, currently
125
% up to six percent of compensation, subject to maximum aggregate matching amounts and IRS limitations.
Additionally, Credit Karma employees in the United States who participate in the Credit Karma 401(k) Plan may currently contribute up to
90
% of pre-tax compensation, subject to IRS limitations and the terms and conditions of the plan. We match a portion of Credit Karma employee contributions, currently
100
% up to six percent of compensation each pay period, subject to maximum aggregate matching amounts and IRS limitations.
Matching contributions for both plans were $
138
million for the twelve months ended July 31, 2024; $
136
million