or other government return preparation systems at public expense. These or similar programs have been and may continue to be introduced or expanded in the future, which may change the voluntary compliance tax system in ways that could cause us to lose customers and revenue. For example, the IRS has stated that it will make a free direct filing system, which it piloted in 2024, a permanent option in 2025 and will explore ways to expand eligibility for the program, including partnering with more states. Additionally, the legacy IRS Free File Program enables the IRS to offer free commercial tax software directly to qualifying taxpayers, and taxpayer adoption of this program could expand with increased awareness of and government support for the program.
Through these or other programs, federal and state governments are or could become publicly funded direct competitors of the U.S. tax services industry and of Intuit. Government funded services that curtail or eliminate the role of taxpayers in preparing their own taxes could potentially have material and adverse revenue implications on us.
Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change and successfully extend our platform, introduce new and enhanced products, features, services, and business models.
We operate in industries that are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and frequent new product introductions. To meet the evolving needs and expectations of our customers and partners and attract and retain top technical talent, we must continue to innovate, develop and extend our platform, introduce new products and features, and
Table of Contents
enhance our ability to solve customer problems with emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence. If we are not able to do this successfully, we may face a competitive disadvantage. We have and will continue to devote significant resources to continue to develop our skills, tools and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence. There can be no assurance that we or our customers will realize the expected benefits from these investments. Legislation or regulatory changes in these areas may mandate changes in our products that make them less attractive to users and hinder our ability to leverage emerging technologies and build out our platform capabilities.
Our consumer and professional tax businesses depend significantly on revenue from customers who return each year to use our updated tax preparation and filing software and services, including customers who use our free consumer tax products and whose tax scenarios evolve in subsequent years to require paid services. Encouraging customers to continue using our products in successive years can become more challenging unless new product releases provide features and functionality that have meaningful incremental value. As we continue to introduce and expand our new business