offerings provide customers with the right to use the hosted software over the contract period without taking possession of the software and are billed on either a subscription or consumption basis. Revenue related to our online offerings that are billed on a subscription basis is recognized ratably over the contract period. Revenue related to online offerings that are billed on a consumption basis is recognized when the customer consumes the related service.
Desktop Offerings
Our desktop offerings consist of our subscription-based QuickBooks Desktop products, our consumer and professional tax desktop products, which include TurboTax, Lacerte and ProSeries, our desktop payroll products, and merchant payment processing services for small and mid-market businesses who use our desktop offerings.
Our QuickBooks Desktop software subscriptions include a term software license, version protection, enhancements, support, and various connected services. We recognize revenue for the software license and version protection at the time they are delivered and recognize revenue for support and connected services over the subscription term as the services are provided. Beginning with subscriptions sold in fiscal year 2024, periodic delivery of version protection occurs through the first quarter of fiscal 2025, and the associated revenue is recognized upon delivery as noted above. Beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2025, upgrades and enhancements will be delivered on a when-and-if-available basis, and the associated revenue will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the term those upgrades and enhancements are provided. Previously, we have determined that the enhancements included in our QuickBooks Desktop software subscriptions were not material within the context of the contract.
Our consumer and professional tax desktop software products include an on-premise tax software license, related tax form updates, electronic filing service, and connected services. We recognize revenue for the software license and related tax form updates, as one performance obligation, over the period the forms and updates are delivered. We recognize revenue for our electronic filings service and connected services as those services are provided.
We also sell some of our consumer tax desktop software products in non-consignment and consignment arrangements to certain retailers. Additionally, we sell our QuickBooks Enterprise software on retailer websites. For these retailers, we begin recognizing revenue at the later of when control has transferred to the retailer or customer for consumer tax desktop software and upon activation of the subscriptions by the customer for QuickBooks subscription offerings.
Our desktop payroll products are sold as software subscriptions and include a term software license with a stand-ready obligation to maintain compliance with current payroll tax laws, support, and connected services. The term software license and stand-ready obligation to