asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. We consider and use all valuation methods that are appropriate in estimating the fair value of our reporting units and generally use a weighted combination of income and market approaches. Under the income approach, we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit based on the present value of future cash flows. We use a number of assumptions in our discounted cash flow model, including market factors specific to the business, the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows to be generated by the business over an extended period of time, long-term growth rates for the business, and a rate of return that considers the relative risk of achieving the cash flows and the time value of money. Under the market approach, we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit based on market multiples of revenue, operating income, and earnings for comparable publicly traded companies engaged in similar businesses. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets assigned to that unit, goodwill is not impaired.
If the carrying value of the net assets assigned to a reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value of the unit, we would record an impairment loss equal to the difference. We recorded
no
goodwill impairment charges for the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, 2023, or 2022.
Acquired Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets
We generally record acquired intangible assets that have finite useful lives, such as purchased technology, in connection with business combinations. We amortize the cost of acquired intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from
three
to
fifteen years
. We review intangible assets that have finite useful lives and other long-lived assets whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. We estimate the recoverability of these assets by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows that we expect the asset to generate. We estimate the fair value of assets that have finite useful lives based on the present value of future cash flows for those assets. If the carrying value of an asset with a finite life exceeds its estimated fair value, we would record an impairment loss equal to the difference. Impairment charges for acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets were not material for the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, 2023, or 2022.
RSUs granted typically vest based on continued service. We value these time-based RSUs at the date of grant using the intrinsic value method. We amortize the fair value of time-based RSUs on a straight-line basis over the service period. Certain RSUs granted to senior management vest based on the achievement of pre-established market or performance goals. We estimate the fair value of market-