advertising, search engine optimization, and social and affiliate marketing; email marketing; in-product marketing to drive awareness of related products and services; public relations; sponsorships; podcast marketing; mobile marketing; and retail marketing. Our campaigns are designed to attract new users, retain existing users, and cross-sell additional offerings.
Sales and Distribution Channels
Direct Sales Channel
. We offer our products and services directly through our websites, apps, and call centers. Direct online sales are an effective channel for customers who can make purchase decisions based on content provided on our websites, or via other online content and word-of-mouth recommendations. For many of our products, assisted sales continues to be an effective channel for serving customers who want live help to select the products and services that are right for their needs. We also have a direct sales force that calls on accountants, bookkeepers, and marketing professionals, and seeks to increase their awareness, usage, and recommendation of our small business and professional tax solutions. For mid-market businesses, we have implemented and expanded our omnichannel go-to-market strategy by diversifying and growing our direct sales teams.
Multi-Channel Shop-and-Buy Experiences
.
Our customers primarily research products and services online. Many customers buy and use our products and services entirely online. Some research online but make their purchase at a retail location. Because many customers shop across multiple channels, we continue to coordinate our online, offline, and retail presence and promotions to support an integrated, multi-channel shop-and-buy model. We also focus on cross-selling complementary Intuit and third-party offerings online and in-product.
Mobile Application Stores
.
We distribute many of our offerings for mobile devices through proprietary online stores that provide applications for specific devices.
Partner and Other Channels
. We offer many of our products and services through partners and other channels, including value-added resellers, technology partners with complimentary platforms, accountants, bookkeepers, and marketing professionals, and professional service providers who help us reach new customers at the point of need and drive growth and market share by extending our online reach. These partners combine our products and services with marketing, sales, and technical expertise to deliver a complete solution at the local level. We also sell our QuickBooks Online and TurboTax Desktop offerings at retail locations across the United States and Canada and on retailer websites. Additionally, we sell our QuickBooks Enterprise software on retailer websites. In Canada, we also rely on distributors who sell products into the retail channel.
We face intense competition in all of our businesses in all aspects across all markets for our products and services, which are rapidly evolving, fragmented, and have