collections of loans receivable and financial results could be harmed.
Amortization of acquired intangible assets and impairment charges may cause significant fluctuation in our net income.
Our acquisitions have resulted in significant expenses, including amortization and impairment of acquired technology and other acquired intangible assets, and impairment of goodwill. Total costs and expenses in these categories were $629 million in fiscal 2024; $646 million in fiscal 2023; and $556 million in fiscal 2022. Although under current accounting rules goodwill is not amortized, we may incur impairment charges related to the goodwill already recorded and to goodwill arising out of future acquisitions. We test the impairment of goodwill annually in our fourth fiscal quarter or more frequently if indicators of impairment arise. The timing of the formal annual test may result in charges to our statement of operations in our fourth fiscal quarter that may not have been reasonably foreseen in prior periods. At January 31, 2025, we had $13.8 billion in goodwill and $5.5 billion in net acquired intangible assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheet, both of which may be subject to impairment charges in the future. New acquisitions, and any impairment of the value of acquired intangible assets, may have a significant negative impact on our future financial results.
We have incurred indebtedness and may incur other debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results.
As of January 31, 2025, we had an aggregate of $6.3 billion of indebtedness outstanding under our senior unsecured notes, senior unsecured credit facility, and secured credit facilities. No amounts were outstanding under our commercial paper program as of January 31, 2025. Under the agreements governing our indebtedness, we are permitted to incur additional debt. This debt, and any debt that we may incur in the future, may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results by, among other things:
•
increasing our vulnerability to downturns in our business, to competitive pressures and to adverse economic and industry conditions;
•
requiring the dedication of a portion of our expected cash from operations to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of expected cash flow available for other purposes, including capital expenditures, share repurchases and acquisitions; and
•
limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and our industries.
If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt, we may be required, among other things, to seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets, refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness, sell selected assets or reduce or delay planned capital, operating or investment expenditures. Such measures may not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt.
Additionally, the