obligations. For payroll services, we generally require customers to remit payroll tax funds to us in advance of the payroll date via electronic funds transfer. Revenue for electronic payment processing services that we provide to merchants is recorded net of interchange fees charged by credit card associations. We hold customer cash as part of delivering payroll and payment services, and we include in total net revenue the interest earned on these funds from the time they are collected until the time that we remit them to outside parties or merchants.
Judgments and Estimates
Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. In determining how revenue should be recognized, a five-step process is used, which requires judgment and estimates. These judgments and estimates include identifying performance obligations in the contract, determining whether the performance obligations are distinct, determining the SSP for each distinct performance obligation, determining the timing of revenue recognition for distinct performance obligations, and estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price.
The functionality of the software licenses included in our consumer and professional tax and payroll desktop offerings is dependent on the related enhancements and updates included in these offerings. Judgment is required to determine whether the software license is considered distinct and accounted for separately, or not distinct and accounted for together with the related updates and recognized over time.
Our contracts with customers include promises to transfer various products and services, which are generally capable of being distinct performance obligations. In many cases, SSPs for distinct performance obligations are based on directly observable pricing. In instances where the SSP is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the SSP using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs.
Our consumer and professional tax desktop products include an on-premise tax software license and related tax form updates that are recognized as the forms and updates are delivered. We measure progress toward complete satisfaction of the software license and related tax form updates using an output method based on the timing of when the tax forms are delivered.
We generally provide refunds to customers for product returns and subscription cancellations. We also provide promotional discounts and incentive rebates on retail and distribution sales. These refunds, discounts, and incentive rebates are accounted for as variable consideration when estimating the amount of revenue to recognize. Refunds are estimated based on historical experience and current business and economic indicators and are updated at the end of each reporting period as additional information becomes available to the extent that