changes in recommendations or earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in investors’ or analysts’ valuation measures for our stock, our credit ratings and market trends unrelated to our performance. Furthermore, speculation in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations, business, security of our products, or legal proceedings can cause changes in our stock price. These factors, as well as general economic and political conditions, including the effects of a general slowdown in the global economy, inflationary pressures, pandemics and endemics, significant armed conflicts, acts of war and terrorism, and the timing of announcements in the public market regarding new products, product enhancements or technological advances by our competitors or us, and any announcements by us of acquisitions, major transactions, or management changes may cause volatility in our stock price. Moreover, inflationary pressures, pandemics and endemics, and significant armed conflicts, acts of war and terrorism have caused, and in the future may cause, increased volatility in the global financial markets and, in turn, our stock price. Further, any changes in the amounts or frequency of share repurchases or dividends may also adversely affect our stock price. A significant drop in our stock price could expose us to the risk of securities class action lawsuits, which may result in substantial costs and divert management’s attention and resources, which may adversely affect our business.
Table of Contents
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
Stock repurchase activity during the three months ended January 31, 2025 was as follows:
Note
: On August 22, 2023, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the authorization under the existing stock repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase up to an additional $2.3 billion of our common stock. On August 20, 2024, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the authorization under the existing stock repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase up to an additional $3 billion of our common stock. All of the shares repurchased during the three months ended January 31, 2025 were purchased under these plans. At January 31, 2025, we had authorization from our Board of Directors for up to $3.6 billion in stock repurchases.
During the three months ended January 31, 2025, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act)
adopted
or
terminated
a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K), except the following trading arrangement that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c).
On
January 7, 2025
,
Sandeep Aujla
,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
,
adopted
a plan for the sale of up to
18,134
shares of the Company's common stock, subject to certain