Moreover, several jurisdictions are considering regulatory frameworks for AI that implicate data protection laws.
In our efforts to meet the various data privacy regulations that apply to us, we have made and continue to make certain operational changes to our products, business practices, and use of certain third party tools and vendors. Additionally, customer sensitivity to privacy continues to increase and our privacy statements and practices may create additional customer expectations about the collection, use, and sharing of personal information.
In addition, the evolution of global privacy treaties and frameworks has created compliance uncertainty and increased complexity. For example, the judicial invalidation of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks that we relied on to transfer data has created additional compliance challenges for the transfer of EU personal data to the U.S. While the European Commission recently issued a decision that allows personal data to flow from the European Union to U.S. companies, the future of this framework is uncertain because it faces legal challenges in the European courts.
Each of these privacy, security and data protection requirements could impose significant limitations on us, require changes to our business, require notification to customers or workers of a security incident, restrict our use or storage of personal
Tables of Contents
information, limit our use of third-party tools and vendors, or cause changes in customer purchasing behavior that may make our business more costly, less efficient or impossible to conduct, and may require us to modify our current or future products or services, which may make customers less likely to purchase our products and may harm our future financial results. Additionally, any actual or alleged noncompliance with these laws and regulations, or failure to meet customer expectations could result in negative publicity or harm to our reputation and subject us to investigations, claims or other remedies, including demands that we modify or cease existing business practices, and expose us to significant fines, penalties and other damages. We have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenses to comply with existing privacy and security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards or contractual obligations.
We are frequently a party to litigation and regulatory inquiries which could result in an unfavorable outcome and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows.
We are subject to various legal proceedings (including class action lawsuits), claims and regulatory inquiries that have arisen out of the ordinary conduct of our business and are not yet resolved and additional proceedings, claims and inquiries may arise in the future. The number and significance of these proceedings, claims and inquiries may increase as our businesses evolve. Any proceedings, claims or inquiries initiated