in Canada. These offerings enable accountants to accurately and efficiently complete and electronically file a full range of consumer, small business, and commercial federal and state tax returns. Lacerte is designed for full-service, year-round accounting firms who handle more complex returns. ProSeries is designed for year-round tax practices handling moderately complex tax returns. ProConnect Tax Online is our cloud-based solution, which is designed for full-service, year-round practices who prepare all forms of consumer and small business returns and integrates with our QuickBooks Online offerings. ProFile is our Canadian desktop tax offering, which serves year-round full-service accounting firms for both consumer and business tax returns. ProTax Online is our Canadian cloud-based tax solution, which is designed for full-service, year-round practices who prepare all forms of consumer and business tax returns, and is integrated into QuickBooks Online Accountant to provide seamless integration of data across books and tax through our Workpapers solution. Our Tax Advisor offering leverages AI and information generated from our ProConnect Tax Online and Lacerte offerings to enable year-round tax planning services and communicate tax savings strategies to clients. We also offer a variety of tax-related services that complement the tax return preparation process, including year-round document storage, collaboration services, e-signature, and bank products, and additional capabilities such as fixed asset management, desktop hosting, and third-party solutions for practice management for some of our U.S. tax offerings.
The markets for software and related services are characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. Continuous investment is required to innovate and develop new products and services, as well as enhance existing offerings to be successful in these markets. Our product development efforts are more important than ever as we pursue our growth strategy.
We develop many of our products and services internally, and we have a number of United States and foreign patents and pending applications that relate to various aspects of our products and technology. We also supplement our internal development efforts by acquiring or licensing products and technology from third parties, and establishing other relationships that enable us to enhance or expand our offerings more rapidly. We expect to expand our third-party technology relationships as we continue to pursue our growth strategy.
Our online offerings have rapid development cycles, while our traditional desktop software products tend to have predictable development cycles and regular product release cycles. In addition, developing consumer and professional tax software and services presents unique challenges because of the demanding development cycle required to accurately incorporate federal and state tax law and tax