protect intellectual property that we believe is important to our business. We hold a growing patent portfolio that we believe is important to Intuit’s overall competitive advantage, although we are not materially dependent on any one patent or particular group of patents in our portfolio at this time. We also have a number of registered trademarks that include Intuit, QuickBooks, Lacerte, TurboTax, QB, ProSeries, ProConnect, Credit Karma, and Mailchimp. We have registered these and other trademarks and service marks in the United States and, depending on the relevance of each brand to other markets, in many foreign countries. Most registrations can be renewed perpetually at 10-year intervals. We also license intellectual property from third parties for use in our products.
Although our portfolio of patents is growing, the patents that have been issued to us could be determined to be invalid and may not be enforceable against competitive products in every jurisdiction. In addition, third parties have asserted and may, in the future, assert infringement claims against us and our customers. These claims and any litigation may result in invalidation of our proprietary rights or a finding of infringement along with an assessment of damages. Litigation, even if without merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. In addition, third-party licenses may not continue to be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, or at all.
We consider our employees one of our four True North key stakeholders because they help us deliver for our customers, our shareholders, and the communities we serve. As of July 31, 2024, we had approximately 18,800 employees in 8 countries. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information about the restructuring plan announced in July 2024. During fiscal 2024, we employed on average approximately 10,800 seasonal employees from January to April primarily to support our Consumer segment customers during the peak of tax season. We believe our future success and growth will depend on our ability to attract and retain a qualified workforce in all areas of our business.
Intuit’s overall workforce development strategies are developed and managed by our Chief People & Places Officer, who reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation and Organizational Development Committee of the Board of Directors has oversight with respect to company-wide organization and talent assessment, employee recruitment,
Tables of Contents
engagement and retention, leadership development, management depth and strength assessment, workplace environment and culture, employee health and safety, and pay equity.
Culture and Values
In order to deliver on our mission to power prosperity around the world, we are guided by our company values as we strive to create a culture where employees can do the best work of their lives. Our values and