foreign jurisdictions have adopted laws or administrative practices that impose new taxes on all or a portion of gross revenue or other similar amounts or impose additional obligations to collect transaction taxes such as sales, consumption, value added, or similar taxes. We may not have sufficient lead time to build systems and processes to collect these taxes properly, or at all. Failure to comply with such laws or administrative practices, or a successful assertion by such states or foreign jurisdictions requiring us to collect taxes where we do not, could result in material tax liabilities, including for past sales, as well as penalties and interest.
Adverse global macroeconomic conditions could harm our business and financial condition.
Adverse macroeconomic conditions, and perceptions or expectations about current or future conditions, such as volatility or distress in the financial markets, recession or inflationary pressures, slowing growth, rising interest rates, rising unemployment, rising consumer debt levels, reduced consumer confidence or economic activity, government fiscal and tax policies, U.S. and international trade relationships, government shutdowns and austerity programs could negatively affect our business and financial condition. These macroeconomic conditions or global events, such as political instability and war, have caused, and could, in the future, cause disruptions and volatility in global financial markets, increased rates of default and bankruptcy, decreases in consumer and small business spending and other unforeseen consequences. It is difficult to predict the impact of such events on our partners, customers, members, or economic markets more broadly, which have been and will continue to be highly dependent upon the actions of governments and businesses in response to macroeconomic events, and the effectiveness of those actions. Additionally, adverse developments that affect financial institutions, such as bank failures, or concerns or speculation about similar events or risks, could lead to liquidity challenges and further instability in the financial markets, which may in turn cause third parties, including customers, to become unable to meet their obligations under various types of financial arrangements. Moreover, because the majority of our revenue is derived from sales within the U.S., economic conditions in the U.S. have an even greater impact on us than companies with a more diverse international presence. Macroeconomic conditions, and perceptions or expectations about current or future conditions, could cause potential new customers not to purchase or to delay purchasing our products and services, and could cause our existing customers to discontinue purchasing or delay upgrades of our existing products and services. In addition, some financial institutions and other partners have decreased or suspended their activity on Credit Karma’s platform and may continue to do so, and increased interest rates may