stock, if the proceeds from the sale are more than the average price we paid to acquire the shares, we record an increase in additional paid-in capital. Conversely, if the proceeds from the sale are less than the average price we paid to acquire the shares, we record a decrease in additional paid-in capital to the extent of increases previously recorded for similar transactions and a decrease in retained earnings for any remaining amount.
In the past, we have satisfied option exercises and restricted stock unit vesting under our employee equity incentive plans by reissuing treasury shares, and we may do so again in the future. For all periods presented, we issued new shares of common stock to satisfy option exercises and RSU vesting under our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan. We have not yet determined the ultimate disposition of the shares that we have repurchased in the past, and consequently we continue to hold them as treasury shares.
Table of Contents
During the six months ended January 31, 2025, we declared quarterly cash dividends that totaled $
2.08
per share of outstanding common stock for a total of $
598
million. In February 2025, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $
1.04
per share of outstanding common stock payable on April 18, 2025 to stockholders of record at the close of business on April 10, 2025. Future declarations of dividends and the establishment of future record dates and payment dates are subject to the final determination of our Board of Directors.
The following table summarizes the total share-based compensation expense that we recorded in operating income for the periods shown.
A summary of share-based awards available for grant under our plans for the six months ended January 31, 2025 was as follows:
(1)
RSUs granted from the pool of shares available for grant under our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan reduce the pool by
2.3
shares for each share granted. RSUs forfeited and returned to the pool of shares available for grant under the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan increase the pool by
2.3
shares for each share forfeited.
(2)
Stock options and RSUs canceled, expired, or forfeited under our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan are returned to the pool of shares available for grant. Under the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, shares withheld for income taxes upon vesting of RSUs that were granted on or after July 21, 2016 are also returned to the pool of shares available for grant. Stock options and RSUs canceled, expired, or forfeited under older expired plans are not returned to the pool of shares available for grant.
A summary of RSU and restricted stock activity for the six months ended January 31, 2025 was as follows:
At January 31, 2025, there was approximately $
4.1
billion of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs and restricted stock with a weighted-average vesting period of
2.7
years. We adjust unrecognized compensation cost for actual forfeitures as they occur.
Table of Contents
A summary of stock