amount of the unrealized loss. Any excess unrealized loss greater than the allowance for credit loss at a security level is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss in the stockholders' equity section of our consolidated balance sheets. We determined there were no credit losses related to available-for-sale debt securities as of
July 31, 2024
. Unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities at
July 31, 2024
were not material. We do not intend to sell these investments. In addition, it is m
ore likely than not that we will not be required to sell them before recovery of the amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity.
Tables of Contents
The following table summarizes our available-for-sale debt securities, included in investments and relevant portion of funds receivable and amounts held for customers, classified by the stated maturity date of the security at the dates indicated.
The following table summarizes our funds receivable and amounts held for customers by asset category at the dates indicated.
As of July 31, 2024, our notes receivable portfolio consisted of notes receivable held for investment, including term loans to small businesses and refund advance loans to consumers, and notes receivable held for sale, including term loans to small businesses. We classify loans as notes receivable held for investment when we have both the intent and ability to hold until maturity or payoff. We classify loans as notes receivable held for sale when we have the intent and ability to sell substantially all of our rights, title, and interests in these qualified loans to a third-party investor. A loan that is initially designated as held for sale or held for investment may be reclassified when our intent for that loan changes. When a loan held for investment is reclassified to held for sale and recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value, the related allowance for credit loss for that loan is released, and any adjustment to record the loan at the lower of amortized cost or fair value is recorded.
Term loans to small businesses
. We provide financing to small businesses via term loans that we originate directly or through an originating bank partner. During the twelve months ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, we purchased term loans from our originating bank partner with principal balances in the amount of $
1.8
billion and $
144
million, respectively. As of July 31, 2024, we had commitments to purchase $
16
million in term loans that were originated on or prior to July 31, 2024.
The term loans are not secured and are recorded at amortized cost, which includes unpaid principal balances, deferred origination costs, and any related discount or premium, net of allowances for credit losses. As of July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023, the net notes receivable balance for term loans to small businesses was $
912
million and $
757
million, respectively. The current portion is included in notes receivable held for investment and the