grant increase the pool by
one
share for each share forfeited. Restricted stock awards and RSUs forfeited and returned to the pool of shares available for grant increase the pool by
2.3
shares for each share forfeited. Shares withheld for income taxes upon vesting of RSUs that were granted on or after July 21, 2016 are also returned to the pool of shares available for grant. Stock options granted under the 2005 Plan and the Restated 2005 Plan typically vest over
three
to
four years
based on continued service and have a
seven
-year term. RSUs granted under those plans typically vest over
three
to
four years
based on continued service. Certain RSUs granted to senior management vest based on the achievement of pre-established performance or market goals.
In connection with our acquisition of Credit Karma on December 3, 2020, we assumed the Credit Karma, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (Credit Karma Plan), under which the assumed equity awards were granted. Under the Restated 2005 Plan, effective January 20, 2022, shares available under the Credit Karma Plan became available for grant under the Restated 2005 Plan and no shares may be granted out of the Credit Karma Plan.
Tables of Contents
Through January 20, 2022, the Credit Karma Plan provided a fungible share reserve. Each restricted stock unit granted reduced the share reserve by
one
share. RSUs forfeited and returned to the pool of shares available for grant increased the pool by
one
share for each share forfeited. Shares withheld for income taxes upon vesting of RSUs were also returned to the pool of shares available for grant. After January 20, 2022, shares forfeited and returned to the pool from grants issued out of the Credit Karma Plan increase the pool by
2.3
shares for each share forfeited.
At July 31, 2024, there were approximately
27.3
million shares available for grant under the Restated 2005 Plan and no awards may be granted out of the Credit Karma Plan.
On November 26, 1996, our stockholders initially adopted our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. The ESPP permits our eligible employees to make payroll deductions to purchase our stock on regularly scheduled purchase dates at a discount. Our stockholders have approved amendments to the ESPP to permit the issuance of up to
25.8
million shares under the ESPP, which expires upon the earliest to occur of (a) termination of the ESPP by our Board of Directors, or (b) issuance of all the shares of Intuit’s common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP. Offering periods under the ESPP are
six months
in duration and composed of
two
consecutive
three
-month accrual periods. Shares are purchased at
85
% of the lower of the closing price for Intuit common stock on the first day of the offering period or the last day of the accrual period.
Under the ESPP, employees purchased
360,028
shares of Intuit common stock during the twelve months ended July 31, 2024;
399,975
shares during the