relationships with banks, credit unions and other financial institutions that support certain critical services we offer to our customers. If macroeconomic conditions or other factors cause any of these institutions to fail, consolidate, stop providing certain services or institute cost-cutting efforts, or give rise to speculation relating to such events, we may be unable to offer those services to our customers, in which case our business and financial results may suffer. For example, if one of the counterparty financial institutions with whom we have significant deposits were to become insolvent, placed into receivership, or file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover our assets from such counterparty may be limited, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
Although we have strict standards for our suppliers and business partners to comply with the law and company policies regarding workplace and employment practices, data use and security, environmental compliance, intellectual property licensing and other applicable regulatory and compliance requirements, we cannot control their day-to-day practices. Any violation of laws or implementation of practices regarded as unethical could result in supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, terminations of or damage to key relationships, and damage to our reputation.
We increasingly utilize the distribution platforms of third parties like Apple’s App Store and Google’s Play Store for the distribution of certain of our product offerings. Although we benefit from the strong brand recognition and large user base of these distribution platforms to attract new customers, the platform owners have wide discretion to change the pricing
Table of Contents
structure, terms of service and other policies with respect to us and other developers. Any adverse changes by these third parties could adversely affect our financial results.
Competition for our key employees is intense and we may not be able to attract, retain and develop the highly skilled employees we need to support our strategic objectives.
Much of our future success depends on the continued service and availability of skilled employees, including members of our executive team, and those in technical and other key positions. Experienced individuals with skill sets in software as a service, financial technology, mobile technologies, data science, artificial intelligence and data security are in high demand and we have faced and will continue to face intense competition globally to attract and retain a diverse workforce with these and other skills that are critical to our success. This is especially the case in California and India where a significant number of our employees are located. The compensation and incentives we have available to attract, retain and motivate employees may not meet the expectations of current and prospective employees as the competition for talent intensifies. For example, our equity awards