recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments are not included in the calculation of the ROU asset and lease liability and are recognized as lease expense is incurred. Our variable lease payments generally relate to amounts paid to lessors for common area maintenance under our real estate leases.
Our subleases generally do not relieve us of our primary obligations under the corresponding head lease. As a result, we account for the head lease based on the original assessment at inception. We determine if the sublease arrangement is either a sales-type, direct financing, or operating lease at inception. If the total remaining lease cost on the head lease for the term of the sublease is greater than the anticipated sublease income, the ROU asset is assessed for impairment. Our subleases are generally operating leases, and we recognize sublease income on a straight-line basis over the sublease term.
We capitalize interest on capital projects, including facilities build-out projects and internal use computer software projects. Capitalization commences with the first expenditure for the project and continues until the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. We amortize capitalized interest to depreciation expense using the straight-line method over the same lives as the related assets. Capitalized interest was not material for any period presented.
The functional currencies of our international operating subsidiaries are generally the local currencies. We translate the assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries at the exchange rates in effect on the balance sheet date. We translate the revenue, costs, and expenses of our foreign subsidiaries at the average rates of exchange in effect during the period. We include translation gains and losses in the stockholders’ equity section of our consolidated balance sheets. We include net gains and losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions in interest and other income or expense in our consolidated statements of operations. Translation gains and losses and transaction gains and losses were not material for any period presented.
We estimate our income taxes based on the various jurisdictions where we conduct business. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide income tax provision. We estimate our current tax liability and assess temporary differences that result from differing treatments of certain items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which we show on our consolidated balance sheet. We must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be realized. To the extent we believe that realization is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance. When we establish a valuation allowance or increase this allowance in an accounting period, we record a corresponding income tax expense in our consolidated statements of operations.
We review the need