Annual Report for a summary of goodwill by reportable segment.
We estimate the recoverability of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite useful lives by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows that we expect the asset to generate. In order to estimate the fair value of those assets, we estimate the present value of future cash flows from those assets. The key assumptions that we use in our discounted cash flow model are the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows to be generated by the asset over an extended period of time and a rate of return that considers the relative risk of achieving the cash flows and the time value of money. Significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows. We also make judgments about the remaining useful lives of acquired
Tables of Contents
intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite lives. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for a summary of cost, accumulated amortization, and weighted-average life in years for our acquired intangible assets.
Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives are complex and often subjective. They can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. For example, if our future operating results do not meet current forecasts or if we experience a sustained decline in our market capitalization that is determined to be indicative of a reduction in fair value of one or more of our reporting units, we may be required to record future impairment charges for goodwill and acquired intangible assets. Impairment charges could materially decrease our future net income and result in lower asset values on our consolidated balance sheets.
During the fourth quarters of fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, we performed our annual goodwill impairment tests. Using the methodology described in
“Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Goodwill, Acquired Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets,”
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report, we determined that the estimated fair values of all of our reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying values and that they were not impaired.
Legal Contingencies
We are subject to certain legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims, and threatened litigation that arise in the normal course of our business. We review the status of each significant matter quarterly and assess our potential financial exposure. If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability and an expense for the