Beginning January 20, 2022, shares forfeited and returned to the pool from the Credit Karma Plan increase the pool by
2.3
shares for each share forfeited. No shares were granted from the Credit Karma Plan after January 20, 2022.
(2)
Stock options and RSUs canceled, expired, or forfeited under our Restated 2005 Plan and Credit Karma Plan are returned to the pool of shares available for grant. Under the Restated 2005 Plan, shares withheld for income taxes upon vesting of RSUs that were granted on or after July 21, 2016 are also returned to the pool of shares available for grant. Stock options and RSUs canceled, expired, or forfeited under older expired plans are not returned to the pool of shares available for grant. Under the Credit Karma Plan, shares withheld for income taxes are also returned to the pool of shares available for grant.
Tables of Contents
A summary of RSU and restricted stock activity for the periods indicated was as follows:
(1)
This includes approximately
583,000
RSUs granted to employees of Mailchimp in substitution of outstanding equity incentive awards with a grant date fair value of $
355
million and approximately
325,000
RSUs granted to employees of Mailchimp in connection with the acquisition with a grant date fair value of $
211
million. See Note 7, “
Business Combinations.
”
Additional information regarding our RSUs is shown in the table below.
At July 31, 2024, there was $
5.0
billion of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs and restricted stock with a weighted-average vesting period of
2.9
years. We will adjust unrecognized compensation cost for actual forfeitures as they occur.
Tables of Contents
A summary of stock option activity for the periods indicated was as follows:
Information regarding stock options outstanding as of July 31, 2024 is summarized below:
The aggregate intrinsic values at July 31, 2024 are calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying options and the market price of our common stock for shares that were in-the-money at that date. In-the-money options at July 31, 2024 were options that had exercise prices that were lower than the $
647.35
market price of our common stock at that date.
Additional information regarding our stock options and ESPP shares is shown in the table below.
At July 31, 2024, there was $
131
million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options with a weighted-average vesting period of
3.2
years. We will adjust unrecognized compensation cost for actual forfeitures as they occur.
Tables of Contents
Comprehensive income consists of two elements, net income and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) items are recorded in the stockholders’ equity section of our consolidated balance sheets and excluded from net income. Our other comprehensive income (loss) consists of unrealized gains and losses on marketable debt securities classified as available-for-sale and foreign currency