allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for credit losses. In determining the amount of the allowance, we consider our historical level of credit losses, current economic trends that might impact the level of future credit losses, customer-specific information, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical loss data. We make judgments about the creditworthiness of significant customers based on ongoing credit evaluations. When we determine that amounts are uncollectible, we write them off against the allowance.
Funds receivable and amounts held for customers represent funds receivable from third-party payment processors for customer transactions, funds in-transit to our customers, and funds held on behalf of our customers that are invested in cash and cash equivalents and investment-grade available-for-sale debt securities, restricted for use solely for the purpose of satisfying amounts we owe on behalf of our customers. Funds payable and amounts due to customers consist of amounts we owe on behalf of our customers, such as direct deposit payroll funds and payroll taxes.
In the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we updated our terms of service and end user license agreements related to our payroll and payments offerings to reflect a change in our obligations with respect to funds we transmit on behalf of our customers. As a result of the change, our obligations are now satisfied when the funds are settled in the customers’ accounts. These obligations, including funds in-transit to our customers, are reflected in funds payable and amounts due to customers in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Under our previous agreements, our obligations were satisfied as of the point that we initiated the transmission of the funds on the customers’ behalf.
Property and equipment is stated at the lower of cost or realizable value, net of accumulated depreciation. We calculate depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from
two
to
30
years. We amortize leasehold improvements using the straight-line method over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or remaining lease terms. We include the amortization of assets that are recorded under finance leases in depreciation expense. We review property and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We did not record any material property or equipment impairment charges during the twelve months ended July 31, 2024, 2023, or 2022.
The acquisition method of accounting for business combinations requires us to use significant estimates and assumptions, including fair value estimates, as of the business combination date and to refine those estimates as necessary during the measurement period (defined as the period, not to exceed
one year
, in which we may adjust the provisional amounts recognized for a