make offers from Credit Karma’s partners less attractive to Credit Karma's members. Members may decrease their engagement on the platform or their creditworthiness could be negatively impacted, reducing members' ability to qualify for credit cards and loans. Decreased consumer spending levels could also reduce payment processing volumes, causing reductions in our payments revenue. High unemployment and changes in the tax code and the government programs that are administered by tax authorities have caused, and could in the future cause, a significant decrease in the number of tax returns filed, which may have a significant effect on the number of tax returns we prepare and file. In addition, weakness in the end-user consumer and small business markets could negatively affect the cash flow of our distributors and resellers who could, in turn, delay paying their obligations to us, which could increase our credit risk exposure and cause delays in our recognition of revenue or future sales to these customers. Adverse economic conditions may also increase the costs of operating our business, including vendor, supplier and workforce expenses. Additionally, any inability to access the capital markets when needed due to volatility or illiquidity in the markets or increased regulatory liquidity and capital requirements may strain our liquidity positions. Such conditions may also expose us to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or
Table of Contents
interest rates that could materially and adversely affect our financial results. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and negatively impact our future financial results.
We provide capital to small businesses, which exposes us to risk, and may cause us material financial or reputational harm.
We provide capital to qualified small businesses, which exposes us to the risk of our borrowers’ inability to repay such loans. We have also entered into credit arrangements with financial institutions to obtain a portion of the capital we provide to qualified small businesses. Any termination or interruption in the financial institutions’ ability to lend to us could interrupt our ability to provide capital to qualified small businesses. Further, our credit decisioning, pricing, loss forecasting, scoring and other models used to evaluate loan applications may contain errors or may not adequately assess creditworthiness of our borrowers, or may be otherwise ineffective, resulting in incorrect approvals or denials of loans. It is also possible that loan applicants could provide false or incorrect information. Moreover, adverse macroeconomic conditions, such as inflation and rising interest rates, have impacted and may continue to impact small businesses, which are disproportionately adversely affected by economic downturns, and may increase the likelihood that our borrowers are unable to repay their loans. If any of the foregoing events were to occur, our reputation, relationships with borrowers,