and EU member states, have enacted or have announced plans to enact new tax laws to implement the global minimum tax. We considered the applicable tax law changes and additional guidance on Pillar Two implementation in the relevant countries, and there is no material impact to our tax provision for the three months ended March 31, 2025. We will continue to evaluate the impact of these tax law changes and additional guidance on future reporting periods.
We file federal, state, and foreign income tax returns in many jurisdictions in the U.S. and OUS. Years before 2017 are considered closed for significant jurisdictions. Certain of our unrecognized tax benefits could change due to activities of various
40
tax authorities, including evolving interpretations of existing tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, potential assessment of additional tax, possible settlement of audits, or through normal expiration of various statutes of limitations, which could affect our effective tax rate in the period in which they change.
We are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. The outcome of these audits cannot be predicted with certainty. Management regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. If any issues addressed in our tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management’s expectations, we could be required to adjust our provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Sources and Uses of Cash and Cash Equivalents
Our principal source of liquidity is cash provided by our operations, as well as the issuance of common stock through the exercise of stock options and our employee stock purchase program. Cash and cash equivalents plus short- and long-term investments increased by $0.27 billion to $9.10 billion as of March 31, 2025, from $8.83 billion as of December 31, 2024, primarily as a result of cash provided by operating activities and proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases, partially offset by cash used for taxes paid related to net share settlements of equity awards and capital expenditures.
Our cash requirements depend on numerous factors, including market acceptance of our products, the resources we devote to developing and supporting our products, and other factors. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to expand procedure adoption and acceptance of our products. We have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property. Based on our business model, we anticipate that we will continue to be able to fund future growth through cash provided by our operations. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from our business,