Statements include the results and balances of the Company’s majority-owned joint ventures, Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and Intuitive Surgical-Fosun (HongKong) Co., Ltd. (collectively, the “Joint Venture”), with Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. (“Fosun Pharma”). The Company holds a controlling financial interest in the Joint Venture, and the noncontrolling interest is reflected as a separate component of the consolidated stockholders’ equity. The noncontrolling interest’s share of the earnings in the Joint Venture is presented separately in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Risks and Uncertainties
The Company’s future results of operations and liquidity could be materially adversely affected by uncertainties surrounding macroeconomic and geopolitical factors in both the U.S. and globally. These uncertainties include any introduction or modification of tariffs or trade barriers, supply chain challenges, inflationary pressures, elevated interest rates, and disruptions in commodity markets stemming from conflicts, such as those between Russia and Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East, including Israel and Iran.
Recent tariff changes imposed by the U.S. and other countries have created increased risks and uncertainties surrounding the Company’s future results of operations. The impact of tariffs in the first quarter of 2025 was not material. However, should universal tariffs be implemented as initially announced in April 2025, the Company anticipates a significant adverse impact on its future costs of revenue, which will impact its results of operations. Particularly, the reciprocal import tariffs imposed by China are expected to significantly increase the costs related to the Company’s da Vinci Xi surgical system, potentially affecting its competitiveness for future tenders in the region. Additionally, the U.S. import tariffs, along with any reciprocal measures by other countries, are expected to increase the Company’s cost of raw materials and finished goods imported from outside of the U.S. The Company anticipates that some of its suppliers will incur incremental tariff-related costs, which may be passed on to the Company. The ultimate impact of changes to tariffs or trade barriers will depend on various factors, including the timing, amount, scope, and nature of any tariffs or trade barriers that are implemented.
6
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
(“ASU 2023-09”), which requires enhanced income tax disclosures, including specific categories and disaggregation of information in the effective tax rate reconciliation, disaggregated information related to income taxes paid, income or loss from continuing operations before income tax expense or benefit, and income tax expense or benefit from continuing operations. The requirements of the ASU are