installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, and analyzing future periods. The installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems also facilitate management’s internal comparisons of our historical performance. We believe that the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems are useful to investors as metrics, because (1) they allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making, and (2) they are used by institutional investors and the analyst community to help them analyze the performance of our business. The vast majority of our installed systems are connected via the internet. System logs can also be accessed by field engineers for systems that are not connected to the internet. We utilize this information as well as other information from agreements and discussions with our customers that involve estimates and judgments, which are, by their nature, subject to substantial uncertainties and assumptions. Estimates and judgments for determining the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems may be impacted over time by various factors, including system internet connectivity, hospital and distributor reporting behavior, and inherent complexities in new agreements. Such estimates and judgments are also susceptible to technical errors. In addition, the relationship between the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems and our revenues may fluctuate from period to period, and growth in the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems may not correspond to an increase in revenue. The installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, revenue or other financial information prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”).
Intuitive System Leasing
Since 2013, we have entered into sales-type and fixed-payment operating lease arrangements directly with certain qualified customers as a way to offer customers flexibility in how they acquire systems and expand their robotic-assisted programs while leveraging our balance sheet. These leases generally have commercially competitive terms as compared to other third-party entities that offer equipment leasing. We also enter into usage-based operating lease arrangements with qualified customers that have committed da Vinci programs where we charge for the system and service as procedures are performed, offering greater predictability in costs for customers. We believe that all of these alternative financing structures have been effective and well-received, and we are willing to expand the proportion of any of these structures based on customer needs and demand.
We include systems placed under fixed-payment and usage-