These multi-port instruments are generally robotically controlled and provide end effectors (tips) that are similar to those used in either open or laparoscopic surgery. We offer advanced instrumentation for the da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, and da Vinci Xi surgical systems, including da Vinci energy and da Vinci stapler products, to provide surgeons with sophisticated, computer-aided tools to precisely and efficiently interact with tissue. The da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, and da Vinci Xi surgical systems generally share the same instruments, whereas the da Vinci Si surgical system uses instruments that are not compatible with the da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, and da Vinci Xi systems. Additionally, we have introduced a unique set of force feedback instruments that are only compatible with our da Vinci 5 surgical system. We also currently offer 14 core instruments on our da Vinci SP surgical system. We plan to expand our da Vinci SP instrument offering over time.
Our learning and enabling technology offerings facilitate access to education and training on our products. Our enabling technologies include telepresence and Advanced Insights Suite (which includes Case Insights and Insights Engine), and our learning technology solutions include Intuitive Learning, SimNow, customized training models, remote case observations, and remote proctoring.
In 2019, we commercialized our Ion endoluminal system, which is a flexible, robotic-assisted, catheter-based platform that utilizes instruments and accessories for which the first cleared indication is minimally invasive biopsies in the lung. Our Ion system extends our commercial offering beyond surgery into diagnostic, endoluminal procedures. The system features an ultra-thin, ultra-maneuverable catheter that can articulate 180 degrees in all directions and allows navigation far into the peripheral lung and provides the stability necessary for precision in a biopsy. Many suspicious lesions found in the lung may be small and difficult to access, which can make diagnosis challenging, and Ion helps physicians obtain tissue samples from deep within the lung, which could help enable earlier diagnosis. Our Ion endoluminal system has received FDA clearance, and OUS regulatory clearances include European certification in accordance with the EU MDR, regulatory clearance in South Korea, and National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) regulatory clearance in China. We plan to seek additional clearances, approvals, and certifications for our Ion endoluminal system in OUS markets over time.
The success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, pricing, competition, geographic market and consumer acceptance, the effective forecasting and management of product demand, inventory levels, the management of manufacturing and supply costs, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction.
Tariff Update
On February 1, 2025, the U.S. imposed