type of procedures may be impacted over time by various factors, including changes in treatment modalities, hospital and distributor reporting behavior, and system
31
internet connectivity. Such estimates and judgments are also susceptible to algorithmic or other technical errors. In addition, the relationship between the number and type of procedures and our revenues may fluctuate from period to period, and procedure volume growth may not correspond to an increase in revenue. The number and type of procedures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, revenue or other financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP.
Da Vinci Procedures
The adoption of robotic-assisted surgery using the da Vinci surgical system has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than to non-da Vinci alternatives and competitive total economics for healthcare providers. Our da Vinci surgical systems are used primarily in general, gynecologic, urologic, cardiothoracic, and head and neck surgical procedures. We focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training products and services for procedures in which da Vinci can bring patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic benefit to healthcare providers. Target procedures in general surgery include hernia repair (both ventral and inguinal), colorectal, cholecystectomy, and bariatric procedures. Target procedures in urology include prostatectomy and partial nephrectomy. Target procedures in gynecology include hysterectomy for both cancer and benign conditions and sacrocolpopexy. In cardiothoracic surgery, target procedures include lung resection. In head and neck surgery, target procedures include transoral surgery. Not all indications, procedures, or products described may be available in a given country or region or on all generations of da Vinci surgical systems. Surgeons and their patients need to consult the product labeling in their specific country and for each product in order to determine the cleared uses, as well as important limitations, restrictions, or contraindications.
In 2024, approximately 2,683,000 surgical procedures were performed with da Vinci surgical systems, compared to approximately 2,286,000 and 1,875,000 surgical procedures performed with da Vinci surgical systems in 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in our overall procedure volume in 2024 was largely attributable to growth in U.S. general surgery, OUS general surgery (particularly cancer), OUS urologic surgery, and U.S. gynecologic surgery procedures. The overall procedure volume in the 2022 comparative year reflects disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
U.S. da Vinci Procedures
Overall U.S. procedure volume with da Vinci surgical systems grew to approximately 1,757,000 in 2024, compared to approximately 1,532,000 in 2023 and approximately 1,282,000 in 2022. General surgery was our