its portfolio based on the underlying risk profiles of the securities and has a zero-loss expectation for U.S. treasury and U.S. government agency securities. The basis for this assumption is that these securities have consistently high credit ratings by rating agencies, have a long history with no credit losses, are explicitly guaranteed by a sovereign entity, which can print its own currency, and are denominated in a currency that is routinely held by central banks, used in international commerce, and commonly viewed as a reserve currency. Additionally, all of the Company’s investments in corporate debt securities and municipal securities are in securities with high-quality credit ratings, which have historically experienced low rates of default.
The current unrealized losses on the Company’s available-for-sale debt securities were caused by interest rate increases. The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the investments. As of March 31, 2025, the Company does not intend to sell the investments in unrealized loss positions, and it is not more-likely-than-not that the Company will be required to sell any of the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity. Therefore, the Company does not expect to realize any losses on these available-for-sale debt securities. Additional factors considered in determining the treatment of unrealized losses include the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, the extent of the loss related to the credit of the issuer, and the expected cash flows from the security.
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, credit losses related to available-for-sales debt securities were not material.
Equity Investments
The Company’s equity investments may, at any time, consist of equity investments with and without readily determinable fair values. The Company generally recognizes equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer.
The following table is a summary of the activity related to equity investments (in millions):
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company did
no
t hold any equity investments with readily determinable fair values (Level 1).
For the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company recognized a net decrease in fair value of $
0.6
million, primarily due to impairments and net decreases in observable price changes, which were recognized in interest and other income, net.
Foreign Currency Derivatives
The objective of the Company’s hedging program is to mitigate the impact of changes in currency exchange rates on net cash flow from foreign currency-denominated sales, expenses, intercompany balances, and other monetary assets or